what's the status from ghatkopar to Thane? (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

how Abt kurla to Kalyan ??? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

what is the status of train between thane to Kurla? (sent from Badlapur)

how late are the trains running?

upar k post padh lo please... sab question karenge to kaise chalega madam??  (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

what to do any idea?  (sent from Bhandup Stn.)

what's the status of kurla stn

are dadar Kalyan trains running? (sent from Vadala Road)

what is train status of thane train which is of 12.30 from bhivpuri ..... (sent from Bhivpuriroad Stn.)

why trains late from vikhroli

badlapur te cst chalu aahe ka.? (sent from Badlapur)

what is status of central Train (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)

8:33 ulhasnagar to ambernath cancelled  ?? (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)

central??

what is the status at kurla? (sent from Gtb Nagar Stn.)

Ghatkopar to karjat train chalu hai kya... koi bata sakta hai? 

bhai log please help. wanted to go to thane frm mumbai central. are trains working?? plssss help. (sent from Kings Circle Stn.)

down track cha kay ? (sent from Vasai Road)

where is ambernath train 6.31 @ ghatkopar (sent from Ghatkopar)

what  (sent from Shahad)

Western Line ka Elphinstone Road name is changed to Prabhadevi..M-Indicator ke new section mein news already diya hua hai..please refer that... 

train chalu h naa?? (sent from Mumbra Stn.)

any updates on trains to Pune? (sent from Rabale Stn.)

karjat to kalyan locals chalu aahet ka??

khopoli train status? (sent from Badlapur Stn.)

Where is ladies special

train status from Thane  to cst ?? (sent from Rabale)

what is the current status of central and trans harbour line (sent from Nahur)

how are trains right now? is it fast or sliw (sent from Nahur)

current status of trains from Ambarnath? 

Ghatkopar to mulund status please???

Are trains running on time ? (sent from Ambarnath)

dombivali to csmt chalu hai Kaya ??? (sent from Mulund)

what position kyn to Mumbai local

what is status to day (sent from Cotton Green Stn.)

is there is any delay in vikhroli to csmt (sent from Vikhroli)

left?? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

is khopoli CST local running on time? (sent from Badlapur Stn.)

what's problem on fast track towards thane (sent from Ghatkopar)

where is 9:15 from shahad titwala to cst (sent from Shahad)

but your location shows in Karjat?? (sent from Badlapur Stn.)

running properly right??

what's the situation in Thane to Cst line (sent from Ghansoli)

trains are running in Central Line??? (sent from Khar Road)

thane to cst train h kya?? (sent from Thane Stn.)

Karjat to cst fast time  vr aahe ka?  (sent from Ambernath Stn.)

Thane to Ulhas Nagar? 

diva to kanjur? (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)

are trains from thane to dadar running?? (sent from Seawood Darave Stn.)

trains time pe hai? 

train status from badlapur to dombivli ?? (sent from Badlapur)

are trains running between Kalyan and Thane? (sent from Thakurli)

dadar to thane status? (sent from Malad)

Thane - BADLAPUR Trains chalu hey kya?  (sent from Turbhe Stn.)

Is there is mega block on central line today

what is the status of central line train . (sent from Vidyavihar)

?

is there any problem in Central line (sent from Cst Stn.)

karjat se Ghatkopar jaana hai train are working properly? (sent from Ghatkopar)

koi mulund station pe hai? (sent from Mulund)

are trains running from cst to dombivali slow?  (sent from Ghatkopar)

trains are late but how many minutes 

is train running on time???? (sent from Koparkhairne)

thane to CST train working ??

Badlapur to CST trains on time?? (sent from Badlapur)

Thane to Ghatkopar fast train working ? (sent from Rabale)

thane to cst??? (sent from Thane)

How can you Like such post??? Dumb people (sent from Thane Stn.)

where do you stay in Mulund? (sent from Nahur)

what about sion station

kalyan to dadar?

train updates from nahur?

kalyan to cstm is working? (sent from Kalyan)

why (sent from Kopar)

kurla to CST what's d status (sent from Andheri)

thane to cst , training are running ??  please provide an update (sent from Thane Stn.)

karjat train kidr tk aayi ?? (sent from Badlapur Stn.)

trains late on central line?? (sent from Airoli Stn.)

is the trains are running properly from Kalyan ? (sent from Shahad)

but r smooth right??  (sent from Ghatkopar)

kalwa se cst train chalu hai khy? (sent from Kalva)

guys, those who are travelling by train, please let us know whether trains are running or not.  (sent from Ghatkopar)

what is the central line train status between Dadar to badlapur  (sent from Kanjur Marg)

what is the problem (sent from Badlapur)

what about posstion mankyrd to kurla (sent from Mankhurd Stn.)

Thane staion to kurla???? (sent from Thane)

please update train is working from badlapur to cst or not?  (sent from Badlapur)

kurla me pani bhara h qa dost?

 6:54 khopoli is on time from badlapur? (sent from Bhivpuriroad)

karjat trains chalu hai???????¿????¿???¿

ambernath to Kalyan???????

Are traons running ?

any one have idea about 12165 ltt is it late from thane???  (sent from Mumbra)

People's Asking Status are who want leave bcoz of rain......Please Update those who know the Status... Questions e rahega tooh Jawaab nai dikhega..... (sent from Kopar)

trains are in time...???

thane cst train chalu he kya ? (sent from Byculla)

trains working on time? (sent from Vidyavihar Stn.)

7.40 dadar ambernath fast aaj hai ya cancel hai? (sent from Dadar Stn.)

what about badlapur to cst trains ? are they on time ?  (sent from Badlapur)

kalyan to Ghatkopr.....? status

kalyan te CST train chalu aahe ka ?plz plz update (sent from Kalyan)

what is the status of trains from Ghatkopar to thane? (sent from Jogeshwari)

Mumbra to Kalyan any update ? (sent from Mumbra)

on time?  (sent from Airoli)

Lokmanya tilak tarmines means which station? 

Kalyan to Badlapur train chalu hai kya? (sent from Lower Parel)

4 mahine barish hogi  4 mahine chutti?? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

what is the status frm thanebto dombivali zide

karjat trains?????? (sent from Mulund)

what is the status of Ghatkopar to Thane ? (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

Trains from Vikroli to CMST running on time?

what is the problem near kanjur marg?

where is 10.39 khopoli fast (sent from Thane Stn.)

Are fast trains running???

is waterlogging in thane? (sent from Dombivli)

how are the trains from shahad to cst (sent from Shahad Stn.)

what is the status of cst to dombivli train (sent from Kopar)

from Thane to csmt train are running? (sent from Koparkhairne Stn.)

Are the trains running properly??? (sent from Dombivli)

any idea abt 7:30 CSMT F @ Kalyan?  (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

Karjat last train ghatkhopar mei aya kya? 

are trains running from karjat on time??? (sent from Bhivpuriroad)

are cst down trains running on time? (sent from Parel)

kanjurmarg to thane on tym ?

what about slow train status towards kalyan

what's the problem? (sent from Mulund)

are the trains on time for kalyan? (sent from Kanjur Marg)

kalyan to csmt... train chalu hai? (sent from Kalyan)

? (sent from Thane Stn.)

is central line running properly??  (sent from Kanjur Marg)

train from Vikhroli to thane? (sent from Vikhroli)

7.43 thane badlapur kuthe pohachali? (sent from Kalva)

trains running slowly between Ghatkopar to Vikaroli. what's happened?

what is the status  at karjat station ? (sent from Karjat Stn.)

what about 9.00 CST local from Badlapur (sent from Badlapur Stn.)

badlapur to thane? (sent from Badlapur)

dombivli to Dadar ????chalu ahet ka (sent from Dombivli)

trains to Kasara are on time ?

is there train issue towards csmt (sent from Dombivli)

trains are stops at near parel station .dont kown what happend exactly   (sent from Elphinstone Road Stn.)

what about kurla to kalyan

ghatkopar side train are delay??? (sent from Thane Stn.)

ia thane to kurla normal??

Anyone can tell me about 4 34 train at bhandup where it reacjed? (sent from Bhandup Stn.)

what is the status of central train (sent from Thane Stn.)

ambernath to CST ? (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)

train running between Kalyan to Thane ?? (sent from Kalyan)

dombivli to badlapur train chl rhi h kya?

thanku is there any delay..??

what is the current train status between Kalyan and badlapur

train working from thane to karjat? (sent from Belapur Cbd Stn.)

train status from dombivili to CST? (sent from Dombivli)

plz tell about trains from thane to cst ??

Ambernath Tarim status from Thane??  (sent from Churchgate)

Kasara train is running or not

Trains are running late? plz tell me.  (sent from Vithalwadi Stn.)

what about down trains.. (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)

what the f is wrong with u dude? This is not some dating app chat.  (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

6.50 Kurla local CST se nikli kya?  (sent from Elphinstone Road Stn.)

It's a fast train which runs from Khopoli to CST.  (sent from Vithalwadi Stn.)

what is kurla to thane train status? 

train from Dadar to Thane are working???

is there any problem in central line (sent from Kalva Stn.)

how many trains are cancle from Titwala to CSMT

what is status of 11:58 cstm from dombivli  (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

what is the status of cst train?(sent from ghatkopar station)

bhai...what about down trains

train running btvn thane mumbra ?

till kalyan..  trains are running or not?  (sent from Vidyavihar Stn.)

what happened after mulund train is not moving ?

trains r running late or on time?

 what about the kurla to kyn train at 5.54 , is it on time??? (sent from Govandi Stn.)

 r trains running between Bhandup to CST?

kalyan to cst shuru hai kya??  (sent from Manasarovar)

 today train status?  (sent from Ambernath)

what is d current status of train from kalwa to cst

what about cstm down locals

harber line is running or not

Csmt sathi train chalu aahet ka ?

taxis running fine in cst?? (sent from Mulund)

how much slow (sent from Ghansoli Stn.)

any train towards cst ??? (sent from Thane Stn.)

r trains running between ghatkopar to kurla?  (sent from Andheri)

what about the nxt one which is scheduled at 9

whats happened? (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)

trains on time? (sent from Goregaon)

what is the train status from kalyan to cst

ok. so plz update when u reach Sion . thanks (sent from Seawood Darave Stn.)

y trains r late ? NY reason 

is there water logging in kurla/sion/matunga ??

is there heavy rains in Mumbai? (sent from Kalyan)

Trains are running confirmed by Central Railway. just asked my friend who works for them (sent from Nahur)

tell me what problem. y r train late today (sent from Mulund Stn.)

train prblm hai kya? (sent from Elphinstone Road)

are mitrano varti chat tar vachat ja sagle ekach prashn vichartat ....ans tar yeun dya

what's status at kalyan (sent from Rabale)

why stoping train at kalwa (sent from Kalva Stn.)

shahad to cst trains h kya?? (sent from Ambernath)

Kalyan to Kurla train ka status kya hai.  ? (sent from Shahad)

is it Raining Heavy In Ulhasnagar?  (sent from Titwala Stn.)

any one plz update 7:58 kasara local?? (sent from Thane Stn.)

trains chalu hai kya? (sent from Bhandup)

? (sent from Thane Stn.)

Any waterlogging at Kurla-Sion stretch? (sent from Vidyavihar)

is the trains running towards ghtkopar ? (sent from Mulund)

kasara - Kalyan train running??

what abt trains to Pune.. is pragati still running (sent from Matunga Stn.)

what is status diva station to kurla (sent from Dativali Stn.)

central line kurla to dadar is working???

what abt Sion station  (sent from Bandra Stn.)

what is the status of central lines?

 what's status central line plz (sent from Cst Stn.)

is trains are running on time?  (sent from Nahur)

who is ready to walk with me on tracks!?

is There mega block between Badlapur & Kalyan?

Mumbai me bharish hai Kiya? (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)

where is badlapur -Csmt fast train (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)

dadar to thane chalu h???

towards kalyan from thane? (sent from Belapur Cbd Stn.)

?

are the trains running late???  (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

how is train status towards badlapur and karjat (sent from Kalyan)

any latest update dadar to kalyan k liye?  (sent from Grant Road Stn.)

kurla main trains ruki kyu hai? (sent from Kurla Stn.)

Dadar mein cigarette wala baitha  hai kya? (sent from Chunabhatti)

ghatkopar to Mulund working??  (sent from Elphinstone Road Stn.)

are train's running from kurla to thane ? (sent from Tilak Nagar)

what's the status of Central Railway  (sent from Vashi Stn.)

6:18 is running on time where it is  (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

where is train now (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

what about slow trains is they working on time

Kitnaa delay h train????  (sent from Ambernath)

central are working?  (sent from Mankhurd)

where is badlapur from ghatkopar (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)

what about thane to ambernath train ?  please reply  (sent from Ghansoli)

is it working from cst? (sent from Cst Stn.)

Are up trains on time ?? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

where is 12.54 Thane slow train

train running on time? any status (sent from Badlapur Stn.)

from where we can get information about ladies train timings?  (sent from Kanjur Marg)

are Central line railway is on time? (sent from Kalyan)

kopar to Vasai is running on time?? (sent from Thane Stn.)

is there any water clogging at Thane station? (sent from Vikhroli)

heavy raining in Kalyan???? (sent from Badlapur)

where is 10.58 badlapur cst (sent from Badlapur Stn.)

thane to Dombivli? (sent from Thakurli)

are there trains towards cst?  (sent from Thane)

how is the train timings status between Thane and a kalyan?  (sent from Ambivli)

dombivali to Mulund train started kya?

CSMT TO THANE TRAINS AHET KA ? (sent from Byculla Stn.)

from ?? (sent from Vidyavihar)

w r khopoli? (sent from Mulund Stn.)

what is postion now (sent from Churchgate)

Udhar barish hai kya?  (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)

what about thane to badlapur

Ambernath to CSMT train running status?  (sent from Ambernath Stn.)

is there any helpline number given inside the train?

are trains working towards Kalyan?? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

what's the status of trains running towards cst? (sent from Rabale)

???

what about express trains (sent from Mira Road)

What is Status at Sion  (sent from Thane)

plz let me know kasara train is running or not???? (sent from Airoli)

what about Kurla to kalyan train status 

is there is megablock from cst to kalyan (sent from Bhandup)

are the trains running? 

kaha??? 

what about status  (sent from Vidyavihar Stn.)

are thane locals towards cstm working? (sent from Thane Stn.)

is there rain after thane  (sent from Vithalwadi)

titwala cst on time ? (sent from Titwala Stn.)

guys what is status of train from badlapur to csmt  (sent from Badlapur)

what is issue on Central line (sent from Thane)

where is ladies special?

??  (sent from Kanjur Marg)

is harbour line fumctioning?

what about Ulhasnagar ? (sent from Shahad)

trains are on time? from Thane to dadar (sent from Thane)

how intense? (sent from Chunabhatti)

ya yar , where it is ??? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

are up side trains running on time? (sent from Ambernath Stn.)

are train running from shahad to thane?? (sent from Shahad Stn.)

Are trains running from Kurla to thane? (sent from Nerul)

Mumbai local train what's app group  (sent from Thakurli)

what is status of 9:47 kalyan dadar 15 car train? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

is there official announcement from central Subarban Railway regarding rail service specific for today? 

is central line trains are running??

what's the issue trains r not working (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)

what is status at thane? (sent from Badlapur)

what about ambernath to cst (sent from Ambernath)

train in central like is running on time or not?? (sent from Chunabhatti)

thane to Kurla?? trains are late or on time??

hi guys ...khopoli train status? (sent from Seawood Darave Stn.)

what is reason to delay train from thane to karjat slwo (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

Dadar to Diva ?? (sent from Jogeshwari)

thane to kayan train chalu ahe ka? (sent from Thane Stn.)

what is status at thane station

from cst to karjat train status?  (sent from Badlapur)

train status from kalyan please??

kasara trains?? (sent from Vangani Stn.)

Titvala train on time or not

hi friends what about Thane train....pls give update (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

Ulhasnagar to Dadar, what's the situation (sent from Ambernath)

how many late local train from amb (sent from Ambernath)

i stay in DOMBIVLI...is it safe after half an hour go to mumbai ? (sent from Dombivli)

Byculla to Thane slow train running? (sent from Elphinstone Road Stn.)

Can I travel to CST from Badlapure smoothly ?

what u said yaar 30 min pahle hi fast train se aaya hu bhandup tak (sent from Bhandup Stn.)

PUNE to aurangabad when train

I have a confirmed ticket for Mangalore. in the train coach seat position it shows seats till 64 and I have confirmed ticket 66, 67, 69 and 70. coach no. B1. which is right let me know (sent from Santa Cruz)

6.39 cst fast where are  (sent from Vithalwadi Stn.)

are on time? (sent from Shahad)

आसनगाव ठाणे लोकल कुठे आहे?

 badlapur se 9 ki karjat-cst local ka kya status h ??? (sent from Badlapur)

panvel to Cst working? (sent from Turbhe)

and from ulhas...are trains there?? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

train chalu hai kiya thane to karjat ki??? (sent from thane station)

dadar to thane train chalu ahe ka?

any local from kasara??

what about kurla to karjat train (sent from Vidyavihar)

trains Kurla ja rahi hai kya? (sent from Byculla)

Is Kalyan to CST trains are running?

what is the status towords karjat

Dadar to CSTM what is status (sent from Bandra Stn.)

what problem

उद्या मेगा ब्लॉक आहे का चेंबूर ला जायचं असेल तर!?? (sent from Panvel)

what about kasara local (sent from Badlapur)

Mulund to Kalyan trains are running ?? (sent from Kopar Stn.)

can I get all the stations stop from Ghatkopar to thane? (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)

what about Karjat local?? (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

what about Dombivli?

Are trains running from Dombivli to Ghatkopar?

central line train status ? (sent from Ghansoli)

situation in Andheri ???

are u sure about this ?😢 (sent from Vashi)

what's pblm at cr railway? (sent from Nahur)

status at Thane on central line ? (sent from Kalva)

central railways. status?  (sent from Nahur)

Are the trains running between ambernath and thane?

has it arrived at Dadar ? (sent from Kurla Stn.)

What is the status of karjat fast train ? (sent from Ambernath Stn.)

Hi, Thane to Dadar train on time ? Pls update (sent from Rabale Stn.)

Is all train's are running on time today?  (sent from Dombivli)

mi cst train pakadli ahe khopoli varun ...ti train purna cst paryant janar ahe ? (sent from Palasdhari)

trains are running from thane to cst? (sent from Thane)

what is status of trains from Thane?

train is running between bhanup and thane late? (sent from Kalva)

hi dadar to kalyan slow train chalu hai kya.......? (sent from Kalva Stn.)

From ulhasnagar to csmt are running properly? (sent from Ambernath)

Western me jaao yaha kya kar rahe ho...?

10.20 from ghatkopar reached? (sent from Ghatkopar)

how about thane to kalyan status (sent from Parel)

what happened in kalyan

thane to Panvel? (sent from Bhandup)

What about water logging at sion (sent from Churchgate Stn.)

what's is the problem going on (sent from Bhandup Stn.)

what about fast trains (sent from Kalva Stn.)

Daily have issue how can slove problem 

train status??? (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)

are trains running normal from Thane to csmt??

ghatkopar to thane? (sent from Andheri)

doosra kaam dhanda nai he Kya??  (sent from Ambernath Stn.)

CST to Dombivli train chalu ahe ka? (sent from Thakurli Stn.)

status for trains starting from Kasara?

Train are running. ..? (sent from Badlapur)

what is the position of sion

really   .where. . ? (sent from Thakurli Stn.)

Are trains running between thane to cst? (sent from Nahur)

is train running fine from titwala to thane?  pls confirm urgently (sent from Titwala)

what is the running staus of 9:45 from KARJAT- CSMT (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

all trains r running or not

where is 9:35 kasara (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

whwt is the status of Thane vashi train?  (sent from Kalva)

8.03 Karjat from Dadar where is now

trains are on time?

whr is khopoli fast? (sent from Turbhe)

what is the status of 7:33 badlapur cst

 what about cst to thane status? (sent from Sandhurst Road)

what's the current status of central line (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

did train start between vikhroli bhandup its stuck na?

Any update about Karjat side?

vashi to csmt chalu ahe ka? (sent from Turbhe)

thane to kalyan trains working? (sent from Turbhe)

thane to bhandup?

karjat to CST train r running? (sent from Vangani)

karjat csmt fast train status? (send from Ulhasnagar Stn.) (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)

update about Kurla to Govandi?  (sent from Dombivli)

kalyan to titwala train chalu hai kya?? pls update karo (sent from Grant Road)

6.51 badlapur from Thane??  (sent from Thane Stn.)

train status from kalyan badlapur?

train for csmt ?

what about mega block

Kalwa to Ghatkopar? (sent from Kalva)

bhandup to cst 7.49 what's status ? (sent from Bhandup Stn.)

Any local train delays? Thane to CST?

any delay after Thane towards CST? (sent from Mulund Stn.)

what's d position of central (sent from Badlapur)

is there any train available from badlapur (sent from Badlapur)

Dadar to Badalapur train?? (sent from Parel)

which train is now from Ghatkopar to kalyan

what about Csmt to karjat train?? (sent from Ambernath)

where is khopoli train?

what is the status of thane stn

trains are delayed or not

what's the status of train??

announcement at Kalyan station about delays and cancellations followed by 'pravashanchya gair soyi baddal amhi khediy aahot'.. kadhi paryant khediy asnaar tumhi?? Roz?? laaz yayla pahije..!

Thane to cst slow update?

What's the issue , why trains are late

central railway megablock is cancelled?

national holiday hai kya ?? (sent from Mulund Stn.)

mulund to badlapur?

what about train status at central line (sent from Dombivli)

,why train stopped after Kalwa stn (sent from Kalva)

 is train on time or running from thane to dadar ???

5:08 train from Ghatkopar towards Dadar.. where is it??!  (sent from Dadar Stn.)

Train status from dombivali to cst?

r trains running properly?? or some issue??? (sent from Shahad)

is trains running on time from ambernath to CST ? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

what is the status of kalyan

what abt train to kurla from parel (sent from Elphinstone Road Stn.)

pls check the above chat and avoid repetative question (sent from Mulund Stn.)

r trains running on time from  KASARA ? 

does 18520  (ltt to vishakhapatnam) stop at Kalyan?? any idea?

what is d status of thane to karjat train?? (sent from Ambernath)

is central line working? (sent from Chinchpokli Stn.)

trains from dadar to vokhroli? (sent from Nalla Sopara)

are trains working properly? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

are trains running from dombivali to cst? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

is there any train from kalyan for cst (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

wt is the trains status are they running?

what is the status of trains from thane to kasara?

what happened between kalwa and diva (sent from Kalva Stn.)

Cst titwala train chalu ahe ka?? (sent from Marine Lines)

what about trains from Dombivali to CST? (sent from Thakurli)

what is the status  (sent from Khar Road Stn.)

ghatkopar to badlapur????

is train running on time from cst to thane?  (sent from Sandhurst Road Stn.)

Are the trains going to CSTM from Kalyan are crowded ? (sent from Thakurli)

is there any problem in central railway near Bhandup (sent from Dadar Stn.)

what is position of Kalyan Mumbai cst train (sent from Thakurli Stn.)

trains from thane to cst????????????  (sent from Vikhroli)

anyone help me Dadar to Kalyan train running on time? (sent from Dahisar Stn.)

what's about kalyan to cst  (sent from Vithalwadi)

Today it is 12 car or 15 car ? (sent from Kurla Stn.)

thane to Badlapur Trains status?

hey guys CST to Dombivali working? (sent from Thakurli)

how about Thane to cst (sent from Thane)

are trains going from CST to Thane?  (sent from Cst Stn.)

Any update for last khopoli fast? (sent from Kurla Stn.)

dadar to CST what status of train 🚆 (sent from Dahisar Stn.)

Thane se cst trains chalu hai kya?!!!! (sent from Mulund)

is route clear for csmt from dadar?? (sent from Borivali)

what is the status of trains? trains are on time or late?

9.07 CSMT LEFT FROM AMBERNATH? (sent from Ambernath)

cst kalyan fast ka kya status hai? (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

are trains running from Ambernath towards CSTM ??

how late are trains towards Cst

Asangaon sathi train chalu ahet ka? (sent from Bandra)

what is the train status towards thane from badlapur (sent from Badlapur Stn.)

where is 3:45 Ambernath-CST??? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

dadar to kurla train runnin or not??? (sent from Elphinstone Road)

what happened in kalyan ??? (sent from Thakurli)

are trains r working on time?  (sent from Thakurli)

Dadar se Ghatkopar train is working or not ..?? (sent from Jogeshwari)

what is position of konkan railway train Dadar Ratnagiri today. is it on time ? (sent from Dadar Stn.)

guys, central line ki trains on time h ya late hai?

train khali hai kya?

r trains on tym?? (sent from Ghatkopar)

all down fast trains going towards ambernath, badlapur, karjat , kasara..cancelled (sent from Kurla Stn.)

what technical issue  (sent from Bhandup Stn.)

what abt sion

train status ? (sent from Badlapur)

bhai mai jana chata hu Kurla to Mumbra ky train chalu hai ky ???

कुर्ला ते cst लोकल slow आहेत का ??

what's the status of train from CST.. is it working.. please give genuine reply (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

Okay. I heard there is water logging near Powai or thereafter in Dahisar? Is that true?

yea they are some 5 -10mims late some how (sent from Nahur)

kalyan to cst chalu ahet kay? (sent from Kalyan)

kaha jaana hai bhai apko? (sent from Thane)

anyone know the reason?? (sent from Kurla)

what's the about local train status than to ambernath? (sent from Dombivli)

khopoli to cstm train chalu hai kya ....? (sent from Vithalwadi Stn.)

what is the position of kasar

CST to Mumbra ?  (sent from Churchgate Stn.)

where u r heading? (sent from Airoli Stn.)

is there water logging at sion station (sent from Dahisar Stn.)

what's current status...csmt to karjat (sent from Masjid)

डोंबिवली स्टेशन मास्टर  नक्की काय समस्या झाली आहे ती सांगत नाही प्रवासानि नक्की करायचे काय ? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

anyone know what is the issue.... m stuck at kalwa....  (sent from Kalva Stn.)

whats the status of 8.27 karjat slow on dombiwali (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

what is status of CSMT - Kalyan train? (sent from Vidyavihar Stn.)

ghatkopat to titwala trains working? (sent from Andheri)

what about Mumbra to Ghatkopar is there any problem or its ok? (sent from Mumbra)

central line chalu hai kya? (sent from Chunabhatti)

late?? (sent from Ghatkopar)

are down trains running fine? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

what is the status of Kalyan to CST train (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)

Ghatkopar to CST train status kya hai?? (sent from Ghatkopar)

whAt ia the express train status

मुलुंड ते कल्याण ट्रेन चालू आहेत का?

train chalu hai Kya? (sent from Bhandup)

Y the trains are running late? Mulund station  (sent from Mulund Stn.)

kalyan to badlapur trains are on time? (sent from Kalyan)

did konkan kanya arrived at thane? 

ulhas nagar to thane train's are running???? (sent from Ambernath)

Are trains on time today? (sent from Dombivli)

train chaalu aahet ka??? (sent from Mumbra)

status of sion stn ?

any idea about vidyavihar station..? (sent from Vidyavihar Stn.)

any central line delay??  (sent from Sandhurst Road Stn.)

mumbra to kurla trains chalu hai kya ??

mulund to kalyan trains are fine?? 

is there trains are working from thane to ambernath

what is currently status on down Tran  (sent from Dativali Stn.)

what happened in airoli ? (sent from Nerul Stn.)

Ghatkopar to Dadar???? (sent from Vikhroli)

central railway on time ? (sent from Dombivli)

train status at amber nath? (sent from Ambernath)

what is d status of trains.. r dey working??

बदलापुर ते कल्याण रेल्वे व्यवस्थित चालू आहे का ? (sent from Badlapur)

kurla me barish he?

where is 651 thane Badlapur train  (sent from Kopar)

what is problem at kalyan towards csmt end.fast train stopped for ten minutes

central line's trains r running or not? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

is there any train from dadar to badlapur (sent from Badlapur)

have you pinged? (sent from Badlapur)

what about cst to thane trains right now?

what about khopoli trains

8.03 Thane Karjat left from Thane .? 

Train updates on central line? are those on time...  (sent from Airoli Stn.)

what is the status of megablock cstm to Thane? (sent from Sandhurst Road Stn.)

dadar to thane ? (sent from Lower Parel)

train chalu aahy ka csmt parynt?? (sent from Titwala Stn.)

central line still running?

train is on time? (sent from Dativali)

where did thane karjat 5.48 reach??? (sent from Koparkhairne)

sinhgad express will arriving or not ?

Kalyan to cst ?? 

train status?? (sent from Gtb Nagar)

due to train delays, i have boarded into Jan shatabdi express from Kalyan.can any one tell it stops at thane ? (sent from Kalyan)

kalyan train 7.48 Timing how much late more  (sent from Masjid Stn.)

are trains running from Kasara to Kalyan?

thane kurla train chalu hui kya?  barish hai kya (sent from Dombivli)

trains are stopped..? (sent from Ghansoli)

02:04 ka ghatkkoper se KARJAT train nikala kya? (sent from Vidyavihar)

Any issue between dadar to thane? please reply 

what is the status in mulund to cst (sent from Mulund)

what is the current status of ghatkopar to badlapur

what about 7.43 Badlapur ? any idea about this train? (sent from Thane Stn.)

dombivli to Thane, what's the status 

anyone know about Kasara? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

what about Ghatkopar to Dadar (sent from Ghatkopar)

trains are regular?

Amber nath se train chalu hai kya? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

are trains on time? 

cst to Kalyan train chalu ahe ka???  (sent from Dockyard Road Stn.)

Shu thay? (sent from Kurla)

What's the problem at central line (sent from Sion Stn.)

guys wht is the status from ghatkopar to mulund? (sent from Mulund)

what about csmt to kalayan?? (sent from Vidyavihar Stn.)

thane to kalyan trains working properly? (sent from Thane)

bhandup paryant kahi adchani ahet ka?(sent from dombivli)

are trains running from Kalyan? (sent from Kalyan)

what about ambernath to thane 

train towards thane...? (sent from Andheri Stn.)

is any mega block till kalyan (sent from Vasind)

9.35 kasara local where is? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

Is train r running. . . ? ?  (sent from Badlapur)

status for kurla to thane? (sent from Airoli)

how many late central lines  (sent from Kurla Stn.)

is the train working towards karjat  (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

8:47 thane will be on time or not?

thank to Kalyan running?

has the 7:50 train arrived  (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

Central train chalu ahet ka??

khopoli train on time? (sent from Mulund Stn.)

is train working from Dombivli to Ghatkopar? (sent from Dombivli)

what is the condition at sion station anybody plz

train chalu aahe ka? (sent from Kalva Stn.)

Kalyan to cst train chalu hai kya ? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

what and where was the problem?  (sent from Mulund)

कल्याण ते CST सुरळीत चालु आहेत का?

all trains on time? (sent from Nahur Stn.)

?

from badlapur what status (sent from Badlapur)

vadala to andheri running? (sent from Vadala Road Stn.)

is there train on time

Kalyan se Titwala chalu hai kya?

train on time from badlapur towards cst? (sent from Badlapur)

10 38 ? or 11 01 ? (sent from Neral Stn.)

where is 8.24 kasara trin now (sent from Vasind Stn.)

what about train towards thane from ghatkopar????? (sent from Thane Stn.)

are all trains running?  (sent from Vithalwadi)

are the trains late? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

I don't know who made this rule- Megablock bhi rahega & trains ki frequency bhi kaam rahegi.  (sent from Dadar Stn.)

any waterlogging on station???

what is update (sent from Mulund)

train coming?? (sent from Kalva)

tell this to thoes people who already have reservation not to Marathas till now marathas did everything on their own not on the basis of reservation or on the basis of any act...

what about central local tren kalyan to thane any one riply (sent from Titwala Stn.)

any status on thane starting trains towards CST ?

Is there a lot of rush at morning 6 while travelling to CSMT? 

train between Thane  and CSTM  running?  (sent from Airoli)

can anyone tell me,  8.40 dadar to ambernath train has deparch or not?  (sent from Byculla Stn.)

is there any delay on trains to asangaon from cst?  (sent from Lower Parel)

what is the current status about thane to kalyan. (sent from Nerul Stn.)

guys plz give perfect update news about railways it's difficult for people who stay fhar away from office or college (sent from Kalyan)

thane to kalyan is running time?? please reply 

what about train status from shahad to CSMT

what is the issue at dadar station any technical fault  (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

everyone is only asking questions. No answers?

train chalu hai kya ? i want to go thane from Ghatkopar (sent from Govandi)

any updetes about pune mumbai trains??  

are trains running on central line today? 

any issue between thane to diva on slow track ? (sent from Kalva)

but my question is where is it right now? (sent from Thane Stn.)

9.50 fast local left from KLY?  (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

10.32 csmt fast from Kalyan kaha pochi hai? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

Bhai log.... trains were/are going to be working from mulund to CST ??? 

bhandup to thane? (sent from Bhandup Stn.)

is there any fast train ..?? (sent from Mulund)

Central line trains chalu he kya? (sent from Kopar Stn.)

it's continuesouly Raining. what to do. whether to board the local or not. from Kalyan to Thane. and what about trans harbour  (sent from Kalyan)

thana to asangaon ?

what is status for trains from thane to neral?

what is the issue between nahur & mulund?  (sent from Nahur)

status of 10.38 local ??for karjat

Are the trains running properly?  (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

When you get you get a keyboard for typing here, there always hovers a warning which says that the content we are going to type should be limited to the status/query about the rail services, & not about other shity, irrelevant content! Please keep a note about it. (sent from Vidyavihar)

central line working. ? (sent from Juinagar)

what about dombivli to CSMT or radar??? (sent from Dombivli)

shardul express chalu hai kya? towards central (sent from Kalva Stn.)

actual announcement "due to heavy rain central and harbour trains are running late by 20 to 25 minutes" so you can imagine how late actually they are running

7.04 Thane csmt slow? (sent from Thane Stn.)

what's the status of sahyadri exp (sent from Ambernath Stn.)

What is train status  (sent from Badlapur)

Sion se chalu Hai Kya? (sent from Gtb Nagar Stn.)

dadar to vikhroli chalu hai kya?

koi katjat railway police kaa no. dear Sakta hai? (sent from Mumbai Central)

Thane to Kalyan status please ? (sent from Thakurli)

any trains from Kalyan to cst?  (sent from Mumbra Stn.)

Thane to ulhas trains chalu ahet ka??  (sent from Kharghar)

what status of badlapur st.

Thane CST trains from PF 1 running or not? (sent from Thane)

fast train kuthe pochali? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

shahad to thane status any1??? (sent from Shahad)

Kalyan to cstm train is going or not

where is kasara train ? (sent from Thane)

Train late hei kya??  (sent from Vithalwadi)

what's the issue (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

please anybody tell me that what's the problem at Central line why the train running very slow

what is the Kasara & Asangaon train status

now thakurli to CST train running or not?

where is 7.21 cst fast local (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

Are the trains going to CSTM from Kalyan are crowded ? (sent from Thakurli)

trains runs every day  late by 20-25 mins?  what is today's situation? 

what about kurla to thane?? (sent from Kurla)

kurla to badlapur train status? (sent from Govandi)

centrL ki trein chal rahi kya time se?  (sent from Panvel Stn.)

Any update about train timings? (sent from Kalva)

is that trains are running from dadar to thane..??

what about ce. tra (sent from Vikhroli)

9:47 kalyan aayi kyaa? (sent from Shahad)

updates?? (sent from Churchgate Stn.)

Kiska muh dekha? 

train on time ? (sent from Kalva Stn.)

are slow trains functional in central line ? (sent from Chembur)

thane  to panvel is today??? (sent from Koparkhairne Stn.)

paus to band hai to problem Q? (sent from Dadar Stn.)

train working from Thane?

central line operating ? (sent from Elphinstone Road)

what's the train status of Kalyan to badlapur

central line karjat train chal rahi hai?  (sent from Charni Road Stn.)

Are trains running between Thane -CST?

Mulund te badlapur trains chalu aahet ka....????? (sent from Mulund)

are the trainss going from parel to thane? (sent from Elphinstone Road Stn.)

?

6.18pm dombivli local frm vikhroli  got stuck any reasons..? 

7.30 cst to khopoli ? update  (sent from Thane Stn.)

trains from thane to cst?? (sent from Kalva)

Any up side train at kalyan? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

Rajyarani express kute ahe??? (sent from Airoli)

any one outside kalyan station plz check that idli vada wala is selling today or not (sent from Shahad Stn.)

what about trains from Dombivli to dadar (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

Boarded kalyan fast train from Dadar which is about to reach Mulund now. Its little late but plying normally.  (sent from Mulund)

thane madhe auto suru aahet ka ? (sent from Vithalwadi)

train from dombivli - vikroli working ?

which train...  (sent from Mumbai Central Stn.)

since yday nite slow trains r running pathetically from Kurla to thane. It tuk 1hour40 mins to rch frm Byculla to thane. So it's not resolved yet. Are fast trains running on tym??! 

is it raining heavily in Kurla? (sent from Shahad)

where is the train (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

wht about tomorrow local train it's working properly....?

express train is running? (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)

dadar se ambernath train chalu hai kya?  (sent from Dadar Stn.)

anyone wants to join me in ola.. for kalyan to sakinaka? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

Where is 15 car fast train to CST  (sent from Byculla Stn.)

Currey Road To Dombivli kya status hai??  (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)

Kalyan to CST?  (sent from Kalyan)

thane to karajt...?

me to waiting for update plzzz kindly anyone send the update?

central line trains are on time??? (sent from Bandra)

do you think trains might stuck up later? (sent from Dombivli)

No train to kalyan from kanjurmarg. whats about slow train…? (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)

CST to thane ? (sent from Chinchpokli Stn.)

दादर to कुर्ला : काही प्रॉब्लेम?  (sent from Kurla)

any train coming from CST end to kasara,titwala or asangaon? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

slow trains from thane to kalyan are on time ?

Are Thane- Badlapur locals working?

Sion track clear ho ra hai kya? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

can someone tell me where is khopoli fast right now? (sent from Thane Stn.)

Vashi to CST? (sent from Vashi Stn.)

trains r running from thane to dombivli? (sent from Elphinstone Road Stn.)

Central line delayed or on time? (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)

where is 4.26 badlapur fast (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

hows the situation from dadar to thane?

kab nikali ?? exact tym ?? (sent from Andheri Stn.)

What is the status of water logging at mulund station?

ambernath k liye trn chalu h Kya? from mulund station (sent from Ambernath)

Thane train? (sent from Kalyan)

I am In the train towards CST which is standing on the same place from past 20 mins (sent from Vithalwadi Stn.)

Are trains working between thane Dombivili ??

are trains running timely? 

what is the problem (sent from Nahur Stn.)

what is the status from ambivli (sent from Ambivli Stn.)

ia there any problem after thane ?

thane  se kanjurmarg ka status kya hai ?

are trains running by their normal time from kurla for ambernath or badlapur? 

what's current status from ambhrnth to cstm train (sent from Ambernath)

I want Travel Kurla to Mumbra what update pls? (sent from Govandi)

Csmt ट्रेन r running?  (sent from Thane)

is it late today???

should i go to college? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

is the line clear from thane to kalyan

why central trains are running late for 20 min today ?

how position of badlapur train (sent from Nahur)

what about dadar (sent from Diva Jn)

train tym pe hau kya??? (sent from Naigaon)

ghatkopar to kalyan fast working????? (sent from Ghatkopar)

how is train status now

where is karjet train  (sent from Badlapur Stn.)

what about Ghatkopar to CSMT? (sent from Vidyavihar)

where is Dombivli train (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)

what about the current train status right now because heavy rain in Mumbai (sent from Airoli Stn.)

where is ladies spc train  (sent from Nahur Stn.)

is there water logging at thane station

are trains on time? 

train from vikroli to cst working..?? (sent from Kanjur Marg)

What the Hell....All fast trains are passing through Slow track not stopping at Nahur Stn  (sent from Nahur Stn.)

what is the status of train from CST towards Dombivli (sent from Dombivli)

what's the status of trains now (sent from Diva Jn)

titwala se CST train chalu hai kya? (sent from Titwala Stn.)

so that means they should be running fine now? (sent from Mulund)

12:43 from dadar to CST is on time?? (sent from Dadar Stn.)

sandus road trains running ? (sent from Borivali)

ambernath to thane ?

central line is running or Not

CRly ka kaya hal hai? (sent from Thakurli Stn.)

what is current status of slow train for dombivali (sent from Thane)

dadar se kalyan train slow chalu hai kya? (sent from Vidyavihar Stn.)

train is on time from dadar to kurla? (sent from Elphinstone Road)

wrong information by Thane user it's announced at 8.03 pm that badlapur train is cancelled (sent from Thane Stn.)

what about sion matunga?  (sent from Borivali)

thane to cst status ?

dadar to mulund chaalu hai train? (sent from Matunga Stn.)

Ghatkopar to Badlapur status??

hello any updates of sion..?? is there any water logging there..?? (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)

status of trns from Kalyan towards cst !? (sent from Kalyan)

Trains were fine when I left. On time. I left from Mulund and reached Parel. No problem then.  (sent from Lower Parel)

is there today megablock (sent from Badlapur)

why? (sent from Nahur)

need to check current status. There were some announcements happening in Kasara Asangaon & Titwala side trains might get delayed but no proper answer as in why?  (sent from Kalva Stn.)

Kalyan To Thane what is status 

Sion matunga status please ? (sent from Matunga Stn.)

what is the status of central line

guys can anyone tell how far train ia running late from down5 (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)

are trains on time? beyond Kalyan towards CST? 

sion me pani bhar gaya ky? (sent from Vadala Road Stn.)

what update in thane too cst

what?? (sent from Titwala)

is Thane train from bdalpur late? (sent from Kalyan)

thane ki 10.55 ki titwala abhi kidhar hai ?? (sent from Thane Stn.)

Shameless railway should be taught a tough lession.Let begin a movement of not paying for mumbai local trains unless we get good reliable service.This is how they will learn agony of common man

what a status for ambernath to cst (sent from Ambernath)

is the train is running from mumbra to csmt

train running in time? 

waterlogging hai kya kurla station pe? (sent from Mulund)

kalyan-cst trains running?  (sent from Vithalwadi)

what's the situation at Sion station?  (sent from Nahur)

From which platform of Mumbai central... Golden Temple express will depart?  (sent from Vile Parle)

What about kurla  (sent from Nahur Stn.)

cst to kalyan status?  (sent from Parel Stn.)

central Ka mega block cancel Kiya hai na????

what happened at Bhandup

why do these useless people even does not bother to announce (sent from Mulund)

how about badlapur station;???

don't put any questions on chats.. anyone who have update will post here.. everyone asking the same question. don't flood the chat. unable to to read the chats

 what th problem with train (sent from Bhandup Stn.)

what is the status of train from dadar to kalwa plz tell me (sent from Virar)

what is the problem near kanjur marg?

🚆 Working?? (sent from Chunabhatti)

Dadar cst working?  (sent from Mahim Jn Stn.)

what abt 10:17 from Kalyan 

Trains bandh ahe? (sent from Dombivli)

Upar ke chats padh lena, nahi side ke moat liked chats padh lena

what is status of khopoli local? (sent from Karjat Stn.)

Kalyan to cst?? 

any status from Mumbra station?

how to go kasara from kurla  (sent from Vidyavihar)

Kurla to Kalyan trains are running or not please let me know...??? (sent from Govandi)

kalyan to byculla chalu hail kya?

what is status of kasara local

is there any issue in Kanjurmarg (sent from Kalyan)

are trains running on time?

dombivali to Thane..?? (sent from Thakurli Stn.)

what is train status from cst ?

simply affecting common man lives... those who are paid on daily basis... no one compensates them...  (sent from Mulund Stn.)

trains are running on time or not?? (sent from Badlapur)

 what abt Matunga station 

Kanjur to parel??? pls bolo (sent from Kanjur Marg)

there is train after 20 mins why it takes so long (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

where's krjt trn???😢 (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

is there water logging at sion to matunga

parel to ghatkopar trains chal raha hai kya ? (sent from Elphinstone Road Stn.)

pubg ka update aya kya? (sent from Kopar Stn.)

trains running from Thane to CST? (sent from Thane)

thane se ambernath train chalu hai kya? (sent from Belapur Cbd Stn.)

guys Is train on time to badlapur ?

is trains working?

thane to cst train chal rahi hai kya ?

csmt to ambernath are working ??? (sent from Sandhurst Road)

what is status of trains from Thane?

pune kade janarya trains chalu ahet ka??

dadar- kalyan route is functional? (sent from Dadar Stn.)

what about central railway (sent from Goregaon)

guys guys guys , don't ask too much questions , just update the station status , so all can get clear picture , we all guys ask so many questions but no one answers when he was in station or 🚆  (sent from Airoli Stn.)

Karjat ka train chalu hai kya...? (sent from Airoli Stn.)

what is status of trains? (sent from Kalyan)

byculaa varun kalyan jayla train chalu aahet ka? (sent from Vithalwadi)

mumbra Ki track hey ya gayab ho gai hey? (sent from Mumbra)

any problem beyond vikroli ??? (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)

what is the status of central lines?

otherwise trains working fine in all lines?  (sent from Govandi Stn.)

what is a problem (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)

Kurla ambernath train? (sent from Govandi Stn.)

where is 8.27 titwala fast train from thane?  (sent from Airoli)

where is 4.24kasara train

what about thane badlapur train status (sent from Koparkhairne Stn.)

what status vasai 🚆 train (sent from Thakurli Stn.)

trains r on time?  (sent from Kopar Stn.)

trains from kurla to currey road are on time or slow? (sent from Vashi)

is central line from thane working at the moment? (sent from Thane)

what is the problem between nahur Mulund (sent from Nahur Stn.)

are trains running between csmt and thane??  (sent from Churchgate Stn.)

trains late hai kya?

any one know what is the issu (sent from Nahur Stn.)

???

cst se karjat Jana hai?? kya karu anyone tell me..  (sent from Churchgate)

where has kalyan dadar local reached?  (sent from Mulund Stn.)

What About fast Trains, are they running on time (sent from Mumbra Stn.)

Please update waterlogging status of Kurla, Sion & Matunga?

wtat is the problem?

Central on time  hai? from vashind stn (sent from Vasind)

kurla to dadar trains are running properly??? (sent from Belapur Cbd)

ghatkopar to thane?  (sent from Ghatkopar)

Dombivli Ok??  (sent from Kopar)

or not

what's the status central line train  (sent from Badlapur)

now where at which station (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

Trains are ariving 15-20 mins late at Badlapur  and without letting all public get in train motorman starta the train within 30 seconds which is not al  (sent from Badlapur Stn.)

what is the status of trains from ghatkopar to vikhroli?? (sent from Andheri)

what's the status of train from kurla to thane (sent from Chunabhatti)

8:41 thane left for cst? (sent from Nahur Stn.)

how about Dadar Sion and Matunga (sent from Dadar Stn.)

dombivli to kanjurmarg  train is there na ...train are late kya? (sent from Dombivli)

on time? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

Rather tha  blaming the government, All of us can get togather and put an appeal (petition)to the government on what our needs are... there are rules we have to follow... unless we put this forward no one will help... atleat nothing will happen if matters are discussed just on this chat

train status from kalyan? (sent from Kalyan)

any update from mumbra stn...??? (sent from Mumbra Stn.)

hiii,trains running on time or not???towards kalyan (sent from Rabale)

trains running between Kalyan to Badlapur? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

what is status between badlapur to dombivali? (sent from Badlapur)

nerul to thane?? (sent from Nerul Stn.)

mulund to dadar? (sent from Mulund)

can you plz tell   what about towards kalyan trains status (sent from Dombivli)

koun si fast? (sent from Byculla Stn.)

kalyan to thane baro barr hai train?????? 

nerual to thane ?

is 6:10 Thane running today ?? (sent from Matunga Road Stn.)

are trains on time? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

what's the situation in kalwa (sent from Thakurli)

are trains working from Thane to CST?

 what is the situation form cst to kalwa ?? any update (sent from Vidyavihar Stn.)

are trains running from Ghatkopar to Ambernath?

is karjat  csmt line  working????

cst to thane?? (sent from Nahur)

hii everyone what is the status of central line...is train running? (sent from Santa Cruz Stn.)

train are running finely from badlapur to thane ?? (sent from Badlapur)

what's the status in Central Railway  (sent from Dativali)

mulund to cst  train chalu hay?

kiti late ahet train? Dom to CST?

are the trains running from Badlapur to KALYAN?

kasara to kalyan train is on time ..?

what is problem in down line (sent from Mulund Stn.)

Kalyan to Kasara trains chalu hai kya? (sent from Kandivali)

What abt expresses going out of mumbai

hiii....what is central railway status ?? (sent from Diva Jn)

what do you about cst to kalyan (sent from Mumbai Central Stn.)

why trains r late. (sent from Thakurli Stn.)

wat abt trains to kalyan ?

is there trains running between ghatkopar to thane..  (sent from Ghatkopar)

dadar to kalyan train status kya hai? (sent from Santa Cruz Stn.)

central railway status ? Kurla to thane ? (sent from Santa Cruz Stn.)

are trains running between dadar to Thane?? (sent from Grant Road Stn.)

thanks to all friends, who are given updates for Karjat local

hello are the trains running on time from CST? (sent from Cst)

nahur to ghatkopar- working?? (sent from Rabale)

what is the status of trains at Ghatkopar??

where reached  (sent from Vithalwadi)

where is 12:22 local (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)

Dombivali to ambarnath trains are running or not?

Ghatkoparchya  pudhe fast cst local chalu ahet ka?

cst to kalyan chalu he??

train chalu hai Kay??? (sent from Cst Stn.)

what about from dadar trains towards badlapur (sent from Goregaon)

Mumbai to pune intercity is working ? ? 

arw trains running from Sion to Kanjur? (sent from Bandra)

what is a status of 8.01 karjat train (sent from Elphinstone Road)

what's status of central railway (sent from Vile Parle)

is there a holiday today for schools and colleges? (sent from Dombivli)

are train running from Parel to vagni? (sent from Elphinstone Road Stn.)

what is condition between titwala to  Thane  ??  (sent from Titwala Stn.)

what about express trains...?? 

परेल स्टेशनच्या बाहेर पाणी साचलय का? (sent from Parel)

train run3 normally now ?????? (sent from Mumbra)

current status of trains from bhandup? (sent from Bhandup)

are trains running on time from thane? (sent from Dadar)

any update how train is going (sent from Bhiwandi Road Stn.)

train running or not

are trains working from dombivli to thane??? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

cst to Vikhroli are any trains running?

kurla sion waterlogging? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

Is train from Ulhasnagar to karjat running?  (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

what is the issue going on in c3ntral line slow trains (sent from Nahur)

where is it (sent from Mulund Stn.)

what about central line (sent from Kandivali Stn.)

5.01 train Titwala??  (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

trains from dadar are on time ? (sent from Santa Cruz Stn.)

where is 6.53 Ambernath now

what the train rent for freesties of cancer?  

water logging issues? (sent from Mulund)

please update current status... and those asking abt what has happened, have a look at liked chats... (sent from Mankhurd Stn.)

what is status at Thane station

please confirm central line local trains are working ?? (sent from Kurla)

what abt dombivli

college chalu hai kya?

dombivili train kidr he ? (sent from Bhandup Stn.)

any problem in central line?  (sent from Mumbra)

central line chalu aahe kaa?? (sent from Turbhe)

Diva thane is working?? (sent from Nerul Stn.)

Karjat local... any update ? (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

thane to ghatkopar up trains are working or not ??? (sent from Thane Stn.)

did 10.34 titwala train left from ghatkoper?

trains at Kalyan Kya haal Hai ? (sent from Vithalwadi)

hi friends, how is it from Dadar to kurla (sent from Goregaon Stn.)

what about trains upto sion (sent from Diva Jn)

Are the trains running from Dombivli towards CST ?  (sent from Thakurli)

any trains available for cst ?? from unr (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

got to know about some technical glitch between Kurla and vidyavihar. are trains running on time? 

kalyan cha pudhe line chalu aahe ka..? 

is the train runing from kalwa to ulhasnagar??

what  status about mum pune trains (sent from Badlapur)

?

train are running or not?

Are trains on time? 

is there any problem? (sent from Vithalwadi)

train are running on time?? (sent from Sion)

ghatkopar pasun pudhe trains jat ahet ka?  (sent from Matunga Road Stn.)

today's trains schedule are proper?

yes where r u now

has 5.9am train from ambrnath cst left?? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

Sion to ghatkopar working?? (sent from Gtb Nagar)

cst kalyan fast update plsss? (sent from Sewri Stn.)

why are trains late from Cst? 

Trains time pe hai ya nahi Kurla se CSMT KE LIYE?  (sent from Kurla Stn.)

kasara train is running or not....?

is train from thane operating towards CSMT?

is thane karat train has cancelled? (sent from Bhivpuriroad Stn.)

kasara local starting kasara at 6.10 am fast time pe hai kya? (sent from Dombivli)

kurla to kanjurmarg trains are running or not? (sent from Vadala Road)

thane to csmt ? 

thane mein Traffic hai kya???

right now i am at titwala station can you plzz tell me how to ganesh mandir (sent from Titwala Stn.)

thane to kasara? (sent from Thane Stn.)

Is there a train from dombivli to dadar (sent from Dombivli)

thane to ghatkopar?

please update on train status ?

what abt kalyan (sent from Palasdhari Stn.)

any announcement? (sent from Nahur)

what is train statu  (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

trains from kurla to panvel? (sent from Chunabhatti)

because of raining yesterday my wallet got wet and my railway pass got spoil I went to ticket counter to remove a new pass since it's raining I was not carrying my original hard copy with me but I shown them original photo copy which was in my mobile and asked to give a monthly pass but they denied. (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)

what's status of kurla Sion matunga (sent from Jogeshwari)

what is the issue between kalwa and thane can u help me (sent from Kalva)

train r on time?

are trains working from Thane to borivali?

When (sent from Thane Stn.)

kalyan se cst train chalu hai kya?? (sent from Shahad Stn.)

what is the status of kalyan stn ? (sent from Shahad Stn.)

Dear when 10.17 come at kalyan station (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

At what time diva ratnagiri passenger reach at panvel morning

any water logging reported?

2:24 train ulhasnagar to cst , where is it ?? (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)

are trains running on time ?

byculla se kurla tak ki chal rahi hai??? (sent from Byculla)

thane to csmt train r working properly?? (sent from Bhandup)

what about ulhasnagar to byculla (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

down trains??

What is status of dombivli station ? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

Any fast looking coming to thane??

status of train timings? (sent from Badlapur)

what's the status at thane station (sent from Kalva)

Guys , are the trains running up and fine ? (sent from Dombivli)

is the trains available from kasara to kalyan? (sent from Ambernath)

i wish they add railway chat support to this app if possible. 

thane to csmt chalu aahe ka? (sent from Rabale)

from Thakurli to Ghatkopar train chalu hai ? (sent from Thakurli Stn.)

does trains working fine ? i need to go to Mulund from dombivli. (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

where is mcst train for 09:16 fast at time (sent from Shahad)

downside locals chalu hai kya ? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

From CST to Kalyan train is going or not?

dombivli to thane train chalu he kya????? (sent from Dativali)

what about trans harbour  (sent from Kalyan)

Aarakshan ne kdhi admission ghetla aahe ka kdhi tu ?

water logging in dadar??

status from Vikhroli to CST ? 

why cst 12 from Badlapur is halted at stn (sent from Badlapur Stn.)

where is karjat-Thane train 1.01 from Ambarnath  (sent from Ambernath Stn.)

what is current status of central train ?? (sent from Bandra)

are trains running on time..??

are trains running towards thane ? (sent from Bhandup Stn.)

i am in Amb train which just l eft ghatkoper (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)

what is the situation at kanjurmarg? (sent from Churchgate)

is central line on time ?

is there mega blocks on Central line (sent from Dombivli)

watter logging at sion ?

6:10 thane fast status???  (sent from Dadar Stn.)

Any update for Trains from Thane to Ambernath? (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)

what problems fast track  (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)

thane Karjat ?

westren railway ka status kya hai? (sent from Santa Cruz)

kurla to Dadar chalu hai kya??  (sent from Tilak Nagar Stn.)

drop kidhar Gira hai?  (sent from Nerul)

central ki trains chal rahi h na aaj? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

what is the status from kurla to dadar (sent from Kalyan)

ky zala? (sent from Kings Circle Stn.)

what is status of running train from Central line 

train between karjt to cst?? 

What is the status of trains between kalyan and Ambernath (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

thane to kly? (sent from Thane Stn.)

badlapur to karjat, trains r running or not?  (sent from Badlapur Stn.)

Are Trains running till Sion?

where is 9.51 karjat (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

Good Morning Guys, Trains are running properly ??? (sent from Ghatkopar)

what's the status people

trains are on time from shahad to csmt? (sent from Shahad)

central trains are working ?

r train working from Kurla to Titwala...?????? (sent from Gtb Nagar Stn.)

where is 8:49 kasara train from dadar at ? (sent from Dadar Stn.)

down side trains Dombivli tak kaise hai? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

karjat train ? (sent from Ambernath Stn.)

central train status? running on time? is there rush? (sent from Vikhroli)

wat is d status for asangaon to thane?

what is the problem wid trains (sent from Kalva Stn.)

Thane to Badlapur train status?  (sent from Thane)

ambernath to thane??

kalyan to titwala trin is running or not?  (sent from Titwala)

delayed but why?

down side ka train?? (sent from Thane)

Nice joke. If they had done their jobs properly this situation would never have arrived.But it's the problem with people who will still vote and bring shivsena and bjp to power knowing they have done nothing for past 2 decades. (sent from Khandeshwar)

Ambarnath train updates?  (sent from Ambernath)

where is khopoli train? is train on time?

train status ??

dadar se kalyan is it working? (sent from Santa Cruz Stn.)

any train towards CSMT?

thane to Ulhasnagar train chalu ahe ka?

11:06 klyan-tna left or still to come? waiting since 30mns (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

any special train to kokan booking started tomorrow onward? (sent from Virar)

what abt kanjur to dombivli

hey, are the long route trains running on time from CST?  (sent from Andheri)

kurla is it working? (sent from Sion Stn.)

train got derail smwer??? (sent from Vithalwadi)

what is a central line status

Thane to Ghatkopar is CST train working?

are trains running in central line? (sent from Turbhe)

Are trains from thane to nehur are in service and puntucal?

Is it running late? 

7.58 left frm Thane?  (sent from Mulund Stn.)

आसनगाव हुन गाड्या वेळेवर सुटतात का?

central line train status??? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

trains r on tym???  (sent from Dativali)

byculla to thane ? (sent from Mumbai Central)

can anybody say what is status at Sion? (sent from Kandivali)

what's the status from Vikhroli to Thane? (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)

train status? is there waterlogging anywhere? between kurla and thane? (sent from Kurla Stn.)

What is the status of KP 11.54 from mulund (sent from Mulund Stn.)

what is status about western

why trains are running late today (sent from Mulund)

khopoli train ka status batao koi? (sent from Karjat Stn.)

do fast train halt at Vikhroli? (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)

cst to Thane???  (sent from Kurla Stn.)

Are trains working fine at Kurla? (sent from Parel)

are the trains working ? (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)

what's the train status  (sent from Vithalwadi)

where is the dadar local (sent from Dadar Stn.)

????  (sent from Masjid Stn.)

status of trains to Asangaon? (sent from Mulund)

are trains running on time? (sent from Thakurli)

are trains from dadar to thane running??  (sent from Churchgate Stn.)

what is the train status?  (sent from Cst)

kalwa se trains are running properly?

what is status of central line

badlapur local is late?? how much}?

is train running towards cst ? (sent from Vithalwadi Stn.)

Ambernath te CST chalu aahe ka? (sent from Sandhurst Road)

where is 9:17 cstm train  (sent from Thane Stn.)

where is badlapur CST fast

wats the problem ? (sent from Kalva Stn.)

what's the train status rgt now in kalyan????

thakurli se train hai kya? (sent from Thakurli Stn.)

6.34 Titwala train kahaa pahuchi???  (sent from Thakurli Stn.)

is there any train from dadar to CST slow (sent from Sandhurst Road Stn.)

central Roy are working???? (sent from Nahur Stn.)

status of train from Dadar to cst?  (sent from Matunga Stn.)

status of 5:33 cstm frm karjat..??

can anyone plzz reply to my msg? (sent from Badlapur Stn.)

what problem (sent from Bhandup Stn.)

what about kalyan to thane (sent from Vikhroli)

what abt asangaon train  (sent from Turbhe)

what about parel are trains on time from dombivli to parel (sent from Thakurli)

where is Thane train (sent from Airoli Stn.)

where ya reach now???  thane cross kiya yaa nai  (sent from Nahur)

what about sion??

Dadar kalyan route any train? (sent from Dadar Stn.)

 Dombivli to Ghatkopar. trains chalu hai kya? (sent from Kopar)

dadar to kalyan status???

trains from Dombivli on time? (sent from Dombivli)

Position from Ulhasnagar to Karjat?  (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

what about badalapur side slow train!?? (sent from Bandra Stn.)

is there water logging at Kurla station?

what is the status of central

please update about the 9:36 ambernath train from thane?

what is status of central rail CST to kalyan (sent from Churchgate Stn.)

where is the Kasara Train?  (sent from Asangaon Stn.)

train chalu hai kya Kalyan se csmt tak?  (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

Is there any problem of badlapur trains?

what is status of central line? (sent from Nahur)

trains are late or on time? (sent from Mulund)

hi any train problem in Central?

Are trains running from Thane to dadar?

are kalyan to thane trains running property?

status of dadar to kalyan.?? (sent from Vadala Road)

Dadar to neral ? are trains working ok time? (sent from Matunga Road Stn.)

Kalyan to CST trains chalu ahet?? (sent from Ambernath)

thane to Kalyan?? (sent from Seawood Darave Stn.)

where (sent from Thane)

how ho (sent from Kalva)

are trains working from Sion to CST?

what is the status of central line plz (sent from Vidyavihar)

i am coming from kalyan to kurla.. should I come or no?  ..is it safe?  (sent from Shahad)

csmt to Thane running?

is there any problem CSMT (sent from Sandhurst Road Stn.)

Badlapur to Kalyan... train status please?  (sent from Badlapur)

what is the status of Central line train????

 Badlapur fast status ?? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

what is the status Trian  (sent from Kalva)

asangao to cst train runing?

for kalyan trains are working??? (sent from Vashi Stn.)

shahad to thane train status? (sent from Shahad)

karjat to khopoli train status please.???

train running smooth from carryroad to thane ? (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)

please any one update what is the isuue 

are trains on time?

what is status of asangaon and kasara train???

?

is there train from ambarnath to mulund 

are trains of central line running? (sent from Bhandup Stn.)

Thane to kurla status?? (sent from Tilak Nagar Stn.)

7 8 train not come ulass where  (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)

hello friends...train chal rhe hai kya dombivli to cst? (sent from Dombivli)

what about Kalyan to Thane train status

vidyavihar to Kalyan? (sent from Vidyavihar)

dadar to Badlapur train chlu hain kya ?

central line delayed from dadar? (sent from Dadar Stn.)

kalyan us side ki train chalu hai kya??

When They Can Collect Their Special Award?

where the train of 9.17at kalyan.  (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

Mulund to cst working? (sent from Mulund Stn.)

trains are on time?? (sent from Shahad)

what about Dombivli? (sent from Kopar Stn.)

going to karad which tren travel  (sent from Borivali)

Kalyan to thane train chal thi h kya? (sent from Kalyan)

is it on time?

Train late hei kya??  (sent from Vithalwadi)

need to go to kanjur.....are trains working ? (sent from Dombivli)

??

I forget my bag in cst train, get down in radar, what can I do (sent from Chinchpokli Stn.)

thane to dadar?

trains to karjat on time???  (sent from Ghatkopar)

what is the current status of trains. (sent from Diva Jn)

m at Kalyan is it good to go kurla now ????

ulhasnagar to Ghatkopar? is it working? can anybody revert soonnn

are the harbour line trains working? from Andheri (sent from Andheri)

Kalyan to Badlapur bhi chalu hai kya?  (sent from Kalyan)

what is the status of central railway? (sent from Grant Road Stn.)

trains are on time or not ???? (sent from Neral)

kab problem nai hota hai ? (sent from Byculla Stn.)

Train status from Dadar to Thane?

y???? (sent from Mulund)

is tomorrow Mumbai band?  (sent from Ambernath)

train are working? (sent from Tilak Nagar)

r trains running between shahad and thane? (sent from Shahad Stn.)

any karjat train status (sent from Ghatkopar stn?  (sent from Vikhroli)

there is no rain in kurla...abhi kahi barish ho rhi h?

Ghatkopar to Thane???

What happened tomorrow  (sent from Bhandup Stn.)

bhusawal pune train coming from pune what is status of route

Train running on time or not?  (sent from Dombivli)

kalyan to cst? (sent from Vithalwadi)

is 10.37 fast CSTM left Kalyan?

thane to kalyan status? (sent from Dombivli)

train status between diva to thane pls???? (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)

8.29 fast at Dombivali to cst still not arrived..any knows its status? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

central line local train is on time ? (Mumbai to Kalyan) (sent from Dombivli)

CST to Sion chalu hai kya? (sent from Cst Stn.)

where is the last train for csmt (sent from Thane Stn.)

is train available from thane to kalyan? (sent from Thane)

any update from ghatkopar to thane???

hi what about train  (sent from Kurla Stn.)

really? is it now started? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

Thane trains from ghatkopar available?

are trains from CSMT to Thane on time?? (sent from Lower Parel)

what is status of Vasind to cst train (sent from Vasind Stn.)

vidhyavihar to kalyan local status? (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

thane to cst??

hi, what is status of trains coming from Kalyan to Ghatkopar ?

what abt water on tracks?

are train running from thane to catch? (sent from Dombivli)

Thane to karwa running or not

Ghatkopar cst train working?

what is the train status moving towards cst (sent from Ambernath Stn.)

whats the train situation in dombivali ? (sent from Dombivli)

dadar thane?? (sent from Matunga Road)

from where u get this news ? (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)

Amb to CST train barobar hai kiya ? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

are kasara to kalyan locals operational? (sent from Kalyan)

Status of kurla to dadar?? 

why (sent from Mumbra Stn.)

what about delay train between Mumbra to Ghatkopar  (sent from Mumbra)

pls select western line chat

Sion la Pani bharale aahe ka? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

are trains running on  their appropriate time? (sent from Thakurli Stn.)

what about thane to cst down locals (sent from Mumbra Stn.)

???? (sent from Lower Parel)

Are trains on time from titwala? (sent from Titwala Stn.)

what's the status of trains from Thane to Dombivli (sent from Mulund)

ambernath to Thane??  (sent from Ambernath Stn.)

where is khopoli Trina (sent from Neral)

what about centre line (sent from Andheri)

juinagar to thane trains are running or not? (sent from Juinagar)

Are Karjat to Thane local trains arriving on time? (sent from Sanpada Stn.)

Badlapur to Thane is running?pls confirm anyone. (sent from Badlapur Stn.)

? (sent from Badlapur)

sion station water logged???????

is train running properly from Thane to badlapur? (sent from Badlapur)

kalyan badlapur train running? (sent from Vidyavihar)

what about 4:22 dadar - badlapur  (sent from Kurla Stn.)

is there water clogging on train? (sent from Kalva)

are Thane trains cancelled? (sent from Bhandup Stn.)

what is the status between thana to dombivali (sent from Ghansoli Stn.)

are slow trains runng ? Thakurli (sent from Thakurli)

train chalu hai kya ? train status kya hai ? train time pe hai kya ? arey Chu logon kabhi toh akkal lagao hamesha baarish ke time sab Ko pata hai trains late chalti hai fir bhi same question puchte ho  (sent from Thakurli Stn.)

whats the status of kurla to mubra train????? (sent from Khar Road Stn.)

is train working on time?  (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)

thane to kurla trains r running na?  (sent from Thane Stn.)

Cst to Thane in time ? (sent from Churchgate)

cst to kalyan...what is the position? (sent from Cst)

what is status of Thane to kalyan trains?

Sion update? (sent from Kurla Stn.)

Trains are running alright? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

thane se train chulu Haye Kaya ? (sent from Turbhe)

What is train status now in Dombivli Station. (sent from Chunabhatti)

is central line working? 

kalyan ke liye sufficient trains hai kya?

Can somebody please update on this? 

kurla me kya scene he ?

where is the kasara train (sent from Thakurli Stn.)

is it arrived on shahad or not ? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

thane to cst?? whats the status?

ghatkopar to thane train on time....???? (sent from Ghatkopar)

train working or not

bhai which bridge? (sent from Dadar)

central line working fine???

 what's  time of train

wht about kasara train???

where is slow Badlapur  (sent from Ghatkopar)

Did it arrive?  (sent from Vithalwadi)

are trains are on time in central ??? (sent from Koparkhairne)

Karjat to cst fast is on time or any delay ?? (sent from Ambernath Stn.)

what about kalwa?  (sent from Kalva)

any delays? (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)

what about ambernath train ? (sent from Dadar Stn.)

what is the frequency of trains in CR are they cancelling devices or what (sent from Kalyan)

what is the train status between thane to mumbra (sent from Mumbra)

please do reply....i have interview at vikhroli....is it safe to go? (sent from Chinchpokli Stn.)

thane to cst is woking or not

any issue or what from aasangaon to CSMT.....? (sent from Vasind)

train status?? (sent from Gtb Nagar)

what is status of trains (sent from Bhandup)

KALYAN to khandwa which mail update

is metro from Ghatkopar to Andheri working fine???? (sent from Sewri Stn.)

nerul to thane? (sent from Nerul)

titwala to Mumbai train. chal rahi hai kya? (sent from Titwala Stn.)

airoli Jane bali train chal raha hai kya?? 

?? (sent from Airoli)

what's the status of trains

ghatkopar to dombvali ? (sent from Masjid Stn.)

hi what is current status of train (sent from Vithalwadi)

what's the status of 1:19 Ambernath from Ulhasnagar? (sent from Ambernath Stn.)

what is the status of train ? kopar to kanjurmarg (sent from Kopar Stn.)

are trains from dombivali to thane running on time? (sent from Kopar)

Dadar  ka ?

what is the problems bahut to thane any ifra (sent from Vithalwadi)

kalyan to ghatkopar chalu hai kya?? 

any idea on dadar locals to Kalyan ?? (sent from Bandra)

what abt train today (sent from Sandhurst Road)

what is the status of train from kurla to kanjurmark (sent from Sion Stn.)

thane to panvel train available?? (sent from Bhandup)

  is cst to karjat train running on time? 

thane to Dadar update? (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)

what about Kalwa to Mumbra track status 

where is 8.27 titwala from thane?  (sent from Airoli Stn.)

what about fast train? 

really? (sent from Bandra)

where is khopoli train??? (sent from Ambernath Stn.)

dadar to cst status?

are trains passing through Sion and Kurla? (sent from Koparkhairne)

trains from dadar to cst chal raha he..? please reply 

Gulab. Train chalu aahet ka ? (sent from Dockyard Road Stn.)

where is asangoan train which will be arriving ghatkopar at 8.27pm (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

kasara to dadar train chalu ahe ka? 

hello, can v get info about trains?   (sent from Cst)

what abt 9 33 fast kalyan (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)

express train is running for pune or not

for central update what app to Mr. aniket group limit is 256 only (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

does any water logging (sent from Airoli Stn.)

Ghatkopar to Thane train us working ? (sent from Andheri)

what is the issue (sent from Nahur Stn.)

what is train status in central lines

is it confirm ed news? (sent from Kalva Stn.)

train running????? (sent from Mumbra Stn.)

trine chalu het ka ? (sent from Kalyan)

it's Raining what plz share... by different locations  (sent from Vangani Stn.)

Badlapur station se train right time he kya?

what status of thane to Dadar?  is train running? 

what abt to karzat to cst of 7 :09 (sent from Vangani Stn.)

are the trains running properly on time..?? (sent from Kalyan)

actual announcement "due to heavy rain central and harbour trains are running late by 20 to 25 minutes" so you can imagine how late actually they are running

central railway train from dombovili is it running in time? (sent from Bhandup Stn.)

hi can someone guide me weather the train are running on time?? (sent from Chunabhatti)

dadar to CST route is normal or any delay ? please respond (sent from Dadar Stn.)

how are the trains running today?

what is the status of train at mulund towards dadar now ? (sent from Mulund)

bro ...what status of trains at dombivli (sent from Dombivli)

diva me cst k liye right time pe train aa rahi hai kya? (sent from Diva Jn)

what is status between kalyan and thane pl reply

train chal rahe hai kya thane to Dadar?

can i travel in train from borivali to dadar? 

are trains available from thane to vashi? (sent from Boisar)

what happened ???? (sent from Vikhroli)

why are late train ??

train chalu aahet ka? (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)

are trains running? (sent from Shahad)

how is kasara line working  (sent from Thakurli)

Tuti huyi track par. . . band signal ke sath. . . kyu nahi chalegi. . . jab mumbai se ahmdabad chal sakti hai to central line me kyu nahi chal sakti.. . . ???.  

does 7.29 dombivli to cst left? (sent from Dombivli)

u sure? (sent from Badlapur)

what is the problem between nahur Mulund (sent from Nahur Stn.)

what is the status of trains from dombivli to kurla (sent from Nilje Stn.)

cst to pune express trains chalu hai kya? (sent from Kalva Stn.)

is there anyone travelling from badlapur to csmt

up trains working or not??? (sent from Masjid Stn.)

what about ghatkoper to thane???? working???

are trains running between CST and kurla?  (sent from Sandhurst Road Stn.)

what about trains towards CST??? r they running?? (sent from Chinchpokli Stn.)

trains are late/on time/being cancelled????

are trains on time?? (sent from Mankhurd)

Is water log at sion n kurla?  (sent from Grant Road)

what is train status ?? (sent from Nahur)

9.47 Dadar , where it reached? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

are trains running from csmt to Kalyan?? (sent from Churchgate)

train r not running between vitthalwadi to kalyan any idea what's problam (sent from Vithalwadi)

sure? what about thane to titwala/kalyan?  (sent from Kalva)

is kasara to cstm train on time? (sent from Kasara Stn.)

is Western line working? (sent from Elphinstone Road)

what is the status (sent from Dombivli)

is the station waterlogged (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

sion to vikhroli is the trains are running on time? (sent from Gtb Nagar)

what's the trai s 

I hv to go bandra from dombivali, plz suggest me ,which train I hv to choose (sent from Nilje)

कसारा से ठाणे लोकल ट्रेन चल राहा है ?

status for  Thane to Ambernath  trains ? (sent from Ambernath)

what about Dadar to vikhroli (sent from Mahim Jn Stn.)

kalyan se thane aane wali train h kya? (sent from Seawood Darave Stn.)

what about trains from Ambarnath station

what abt 9.29 train from badlapur

dadar to mulund ?? is it running? (sent from Andheri)

is there any train frm vithlwadi to thane (sent from Vithalwadi)

Kalyan titwala kuch problem hua hai kya ?.  (sent from Shahad Stn.)

Trains are delayed how many minutes (sent from Vikhroli)

central down local chalu h ky ? (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)

ठाणे कल्याण टैन चल रहि है ना? (sent from Airoli)

what is train status (sent from Marine Lines Stn.)

are trains running now?  (sent from Lower Parel)

dadar - kasara trains working on time ?  (sent from Malad Stn.)

dadar to Ghatkopar? (sent from Ghatkopar)

why the frequency of the train of titwala asangaon kasara are less than badlapur nd karjat? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

ambernath train is on tym or not

Anyone outside Chembur station? Please check if any dhaniya vendor is  available.. (sent from Chembur)

bhai Ghansoli jaana h trains h kya?? (sent from Jogeshwari)

trane barobar aahet ka.,?

where is 15 car fast train from Dombivali to cstm  (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

? (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)

Bhai shahad indicator people kaunsa train laga hai abhi cst k liye? (sent from Shahad)

what is train status from kalyan

Thane to Badlapur train hi kya? (sent from Badlapur)

rain kisa ha mumbai me?

is train Running Properly ??( sent from Thakurli) (sent from Thakurli)

what is the condition of Central lIne (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

titwala - Thane 9.54 train status plz? (sent from Titwala)

what's the current status of central line all trains heading towards thane from cst are on time kindly let me know (sent from Churchgate)

dadar to Thane? status? (sent from Gtb Nagar Stn.)

is it safe to Go to office today?  (sent from Sandhurst Road)

are trains on time? (sent from Dombivli)

Thane to cat trains are running?? 

because of kalyan stn master? (sent from Vithalwadi)

central railway in on please confirm? (sent from Santa Cruz)

thakurli pe terminus aayegi kya? (sent from Thakurli)

for how much time does it halt?  btw thanks for helping 🙏

pls anyone those who are travelling pls update

is the train running from shahad to cst (sent from Shahad)

what is express train status (sent from Sion Stn.)

is there any problem with trains guys plz tell me

are slow trains also delayed? (sent from Dombivli)

thane to KURLA status? (sent from Thane)

15 mins late Kya? (sent from Ambivli Stn.)

where is Pune- lonavala local 

train status from kalyan to badlapur? (sent from Kalyan)

what about panvel train from diva (sent from Dombivli)

what is posion of 8.22am khopoli local at Dombivali (sent from Thakurli)

Thane to kalyan......slow train started..?

kalyan dombivali status? (sent from Masjid Stn.)

Does slow train stop at Vidyavihar ?? (sent from Airoli)

are trains late ? (sent from Mulund)

how can someone from naigaon know what's happening on Central railway. It's a spam guys don't fall for it (sent from Thakurli)

any update on cst kalyan local ?? already late by 20 mins (sent from Mumbra Stn.)

is it safe to travel to Kurla from kanjur Marg?

what's logic behind keeping school college open if no train bus or private vehicle to reach

what happened but (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

Is there any train from dadar to Kalyan (sent from Andheri Stn.)

train towards CST running properly? (sent from Kopar)

what was the statues

पाऊस फार आहे,तेव्हा सेंट्रल रेल्वेच्या सि एस टीला जाणाऱ्या   सर्व ट्रेन  चालू आहेत का? 

8.46 khopoli train from CST Kaha tak pohichi? 

Pubg anyone? (sent from Dadar Stn.)

what about Thane to cst local status (sent from Vikhroli)

what is problem between Diva to Dombivli train late

Badlapur to cst chalu hai ka. ??? (sent from Badlapur)

what about badlapur ??

whr is ladies special from kalyan? (sent from Thakurli Stn.)

staus from badlapur? (sent from Badlapur)

what is status between dombivli and thane  (sent from Thane)

Trains towards karjat are on time or delay???? (sent from Badlapur)

what is the status towards Kalyan from Ghatkopar

thane to cst trains working?  (sent from Kalva)

Kanjurmarg station ke liye train chalu Hain Kya ?? (sent from Kurla Stn.)

Are trains working from Kasara to Dombivli? (sent from Chembur)

how is the situation at Thane station 

towords कल्याण ट्रेन चालू आहेत का?

any update from badlapur to csmt?

what problem central line in fast track??? (sent from Bhandup Stn.)

anyone have idea about thane to kalyan trains? (sent from Airoli)

thane to kalyan fast cha kya status ahe...???  (sent from Airoli Stn.)

do trains are running upto Thane ??? (sent from Goregaon)

is there logging in kurla  (sent from Nahur Stn.)

any one for PUBG..?? 

what is the status of railway running from Kasata to CST

Ghatkopar to CSMT trains are running now??? kindly update/respond

what about after thane

where is karjat slow train now (sent from Badlapur Stn.)

trains r on time???

dadar thane?? (sent from Matunga Road)

thane me abi train chalu he? (sent from Thane Stn.)

how about trains from bhandup to kalyan? (sent from Bhandup Stn.)

train issues frm kasara? (sent from Shahad)

hello what is the status of trains from shahad

so what we will get better service (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

Dadar to masjid train is running ? (sent from Dadar Stn.)

train status Kya he central line ka ? (sent from Gtb Nagar Stn.)

is train services is resume between kalyan and Karjat? (sent from Turbhe)

whats status now ???

r u serious? (sent from Kalyan)

Cst se train aa rahi hai kya ambernath?? (sent from Ghatkopar)

are trains workn on tym? (sent from Vithalwadi)

what is the status of CSMT Amravati train (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

is 11:18 train from badlapur on time?? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

Are the trains running on time?

whats the status of dadar to Kalyan trains?

what is the status for badlapur train from mumbai (sent from Nahur)

so trains are running late??  (sent from Badlapur)

is there any megablock between Dadar and Thane today? please reply to me (sent from Dahisar)

what is the latest status of central line train ?

are fast trains working towards kalyan? (sent from Dadar Stn.)

what s dombivli train status

train from titwala to cst are running in time?  (sent from Shahad Stn.)

Are trains on time at Harbour line? (sent from Byculla Stn.)

where is khopoli local? (sent from Ambernath Stn.)

trains to nerul or vashi canceled or what?  (sent from Thane Stn.)

where is karjat local (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

brother. many people are committed that tains are going well. why some people are asking the same question again and again. just go through the previous comments. (sent from Kalyan)

that's how our great railway system operates (sent from Kalva Stn.)

what is status of train from Ambernath to cst (sent from Ambernath)

is problem is sort or not? (sent from Kanjur Marg)

is there train from mumbra station

asangaon train status??? (sent from Shahad Stn.)

Status of Titwala which is arriving at Kanjurmarg at 9:13 pm (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)

trains are late or on time??  (sent from Marine Lines Stn.)

what a problem 

Kalyan to CAST chalu hai ? (sent from Kalyan)

train status from Thane to CST?

what's status of central railway

thane to cst line chalu hai ? (sent from Belapur Cbd)

what is the status between kurla n thane (sent from Chembur)

are train on schedule time .? (sent from Masjid)

status of train from Kalyan to Karjat ?  (sent from Kalyan)

what is status for kurla to CST trains 

cstm to thane what's is status  (sent from Sandhurst Road Stn.)

pls update?

what is a status of train

what is the status of train from ulhasnagar (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

train working? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

why trains  running slowly  (sent from Vikhroli)

are the trains running towards Badlapur??

what abt Thane to Cstm (sent from Ghansoli Stn.)

where is 09.06 asangaon from dombivali (sent from Shahad Stn.)

what about thane to kalyan (sent from Vashi)

central kurla dadar chalu hai  ??? hi (sent from Govandi)

why trains are running late? (sent from Badlapur Stn.)

what wrong happen to slow train?? (sent from Nahur)

train towards dombivli?? (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)

is there any Problem For fast trains towards Thane (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

kalyan to mumbra? (sent from Mumbra Stn.)

where is 8.41 khopoli at Ambernath? (sent from Ambernath Stn.)

Whats the status of central line? 

karjat to Kalyan chalu hai?  (sent from Kalyan)

what about thane to kalyan (sent from Vashi)

what is the status of kasar karjat cst trains  (sent from Thakurli Stn.)

what's the current train status (sent from Nahur)

train running? (sent from Shahad)

has 6.45 fast trn arrived at kalyan ? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

what is the status of Karjat train  (sent from Mahalakshmi)

Kalyan to ambernath trains are running?

thane to titwala ? (sent from Thane Stn.)

not yet come to bhandup 45mins slow how come fine u telling (sent from Bhandup Stn.)

is there any waterlogging on the railway lines 

sorry where is the last train for karjat  (sent from Vithalwadi Stn.)

chalo duo/squad?   (sent from Mahim Jn)

what status now about ambernath to csmt train (sent from Ambernath)

are there trains from Kurla toward kalyan? (sent from Santa Cruz)

central line mai koi issue hai kya ?? (sent from Kalyan)

kurla to panvel train running or not?? Plz rply (sent from Matunga Road Stn.)

Are trains from Kalyan towards CST working? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

Train Barobr aahet kay? (sent from Dombivli)

what is the status of CST to thane train (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)

Kalwa carsheid ka Hal Kya hai? (sent from Kalva)

? (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

kindly read Most like chat...  (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

is the trains running from Bhandup to cst (sent from Nahur)

kya bol rhi tu..tuze pta hai kya?? (sent from Vithalwadi)

is train still running? 

asangao train me chadh jaati hai .. or fir jinko kalyan ke aage utarna hota hai wo reh jaati hai... or dombivali ke ladies daadagiri karke door pe latak ke rehti hai

train on time or delay?

what's the status of central line trains (sent from Charni Road)

where is AN train (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)

status for 7.57 karjat fast train,please update water she left cst or not (sent from Byculla Stn.)

where is kasara train now (sent from Shahad)

its train running or not? (sent from Nalla Sopara Stn.)

guysss... rather than asking q. every 1 plz update frm where trains are arriving or departing (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)

what is the situation now? (sent from Dombivli)

thane to kanjur??

whether trains are running to badlapur? 

Mulund to badlapur trains working or not ? (sent from Mulund)

train's on time? 

what is the ticket prize from ulhas nagar to neral (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)

any update from ghatkoper to cst? (sent from Dativali)

where's 5:18 Dadar local (sent from Sion Stn.)

where is khopoli train? (sent from Ambernath)

trains running after thane to cst ? (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)

are they late or on time?  (sent from Kalyan)

what abt dadar to kalyan?  (sent from Elphinstone Road)

badlapur to cst ? (sent from Badlapur)

are buses running tomorrow? (sent from Bhandup Stn.)

how is the situation of trains going to cstm (sent from Thane)

trains are running or not????

thane to gharkopar..?? is trains r running?

Trains are on time? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

are trains running properly?  (sent from Elphinstone Road)

what is the issue with Central railway that even when it doesnt rain all the trains have been haulted for no reason. please learn something from western railway (sent from Mulund)

is badlapur train on time?  from mulund (sent from Mulund Stn.)

are trains working from thane to cst? (sent from Thane Stn.)

kopar to Vasai train working ?????

can someone tell? (sent from Nahur Stn.)

is there any problem between thane to badlapur  (sent from Badlapur)

are trains working from dombivli to cst? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

what is the reason for delayed local 40-45 minutes (sent from Badlapur Stn.)

 in forgot my helmet in train,. does any body have idea what to do (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)

trains from mumbra to kasara is working??? 

koyana express comes on which platform at Kalyan? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

Thane to dombivali train working? (sent from Ghansoli)

sure? the morning one I m asking about!

haan kya hua usko ?

from when its raining ? (sent from Vithalwadi)

is train running from thane? (sent from Khar Road)

are mumbai pune trains are on schedule today?  (sent from Kanjur Marg)

train chalu aahe ka??  badlapur to dadar 

trains r working? (sent from Tilak Nagar Stn.)

is there any problem in harbour

shahad to CSMT trains chalu hi?? (sent from Shahad Stn.)

where is khopoli 6.38 kalyan (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

Dombivli to CST train running on time?? (sent from Kopar)

what's the status of train from Kalyan to byculla (sent from Vithalwadi)

any update about train timings? (sent from Kalva)

pls update status?  (sent from Airoli Stn.)

is there any delays of train  (sent from Badlapur Stn.)

Badlapur on time?

what is train status from thane to dadar?  (sent from Rabale Stn.)

is there raining heavly still and are trains in time  (sent from Virar)

currey road to Mulund slow will be available at 12 pm? (sent from Lower Parel)

are trains running on time from thane to Kalyan?

ghatkopar to dombiwali trains are working?  (sent from Malad Stn.)

Any update on Dahanu Panvel train at Nallasopara ? (sent from Nalla Sopara Stn.)

CST janare trai chalu aahet ka?

csmt fast? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

shud i go to mulund..are trains working? (sent from Mumbra)

are trains running properly? (sent from Thakurli Stn.)

trains from Dombivli to Thane are on time?? (sent from Kopar)

what is the status of 9:51(Thane) Asangaon train

what is train status

 Vidya Vihar to kanjur train? (sent from Vidyavihar)

any problem Kurla to Titwala? (sent from Tilak Nagar)

any update on central line?

And bro thane to kopar Khairane b chalu h kya?  (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)

what is condition present time for central railway (sent from Badlapur Stn.)

are trains workng from cst to ulhas?? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

trains running properly? (sent from Kalyan)

8:44 Ambernath To CSTM Status ? (sent from Ambernath)

ticket fare from khopoli to kalyan...??

trains are running?

which route is this  (sent from Badlapur)

karjat train chalu aahe ka? (sent from Sion)

karajat train ?? (sent from Dadar Stn.)

is there water logging outside mulund station  (sent from Kalva)

fast trains are running? (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)

asangaon train che status kay ahe?..ghatkopsar (sent from Bhandup Stn.)

thane - ghatkopr is it possible by train today?

chinchpokali to kurla? (sent from Chinchpokli Stn.)

where is cst fst (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

Is 9.54 Thane CST on time? (sent from Thane Stn.)

is there any fast train on the way to dom?? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

what about sion station (sent from Nahur)

csmt to thane ?

Ghatkopar to thane trains chalu h kya ?? (sent from Ghatkopar)

what is train? (sent from Thane Stn.)

is train running good?

cst to thane slow trains running ? (sent from Elphinstone Road Stn.)

Mumbai pune train chalu aahet ka?  (sent from Kalva)

trains are working?  (sent from Vidyavihar)

what's the status of trains from ulhasnagar to thane  (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

what is status of soon stn (sent from Borivali)

trains are late or on time? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

update on trains running to cst? 

Kalyan to to thane train chalu he kya?  (sent from Shahad)

r train running from diva to cst? ??

please update , where are you going.

are trains running from dadar to cstm??? (sent from Santa Cruz Stn.)

what about ghatkoper to matunga (sent from Ghatkopar)

are trains on time in CR? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

whats the current status of trains?  (sent from Elphinstone Road)

wait let me reach csmt then tall you which train is there  (sent from Churchgate)

8.53 chi badlapur kuthparyant pohochli aahe ? (sent from Kalva)

central route pe trains ki situation kya hai? any update will help.. (sent from Kopar)

fast trains also moving slowly... from which station trains smoothly moving?  (sent from Kanjur Marg)

train from ghatkopar to kurla ...... where is it.? (sent from Kalamboli)

thought the trns r late bt r they running properly till cst? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

is it? (sent from Mumbra Stn.)

Hi....trains working?!?! (sent from Chunabhatti)

are trains running on time from domb to cst? cuz am a student n hv to reach clg (sent from Kopar)

are trains on time?? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

what about àmbernath (sent from Seawood Darave Stn.)

ghatkoper ke liye train hai kya?  (sent from Sion Stn.)

where is the last train for karjat (sent from Vithalwadi Stn.)

hello ... styfk between kopar and diva .. train not moved since 5 mins. any issues in kalwa thane ? (sent from Diva Jn)

what the status from ambernath to thane (sent from Ambernath)

what the status about Thane to Badlapur...?? 

ye jitne bhi log ro rahe hai yahan pe.. Mumbai me naye aaye ho kya?

hie.. what status of train from thane towards Kalyan (sent from Airoli Stn.)

are train towards Badlapur ambernath working? (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)

wht about mumbra to CST ....train. are delayed yes or not

Harbour line on time?  (sent from Nahur Stn.)

cst to thane train chalu ahte ka ?? (sent from Sewri)

is train running from dombivali to word thane ? (sent from Nilje)

can u let me know its at which station currently???

are trains working ? (sent from Elphinstone Road Stn.)

what about dadar to thane ...please update (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)

Is there water logged on tracks between Dadar to CST ?

hi all Anyone knows the current status of Matheran Toy train? does it work in rainy season ? (sent from Ambernath)

sahi kaha. We never protest against the BMC which is why they dont care what happens 2 us (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)

any update? (sent from Kurla Stn.)

what about malad to borivali...?? 

what about thane?

Thane to kalyan kitna kaye he trains ? (sent from Koparkhairne)

are trains going to vasind from titwala now? (sent from Titwala)

where is asangaon train? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

hi what is the status of thane to cst

hii train barabar chalu ahi Kya??? (sent from Mulund Stn.)

is there train towards dadar

tomorrow? 

what about kalyan to neral train r on time or not (sent from Panvel Stn.)

vasai diva train chalu hai kya?? (sent from Virar Stn.)

wat happened again ? (sent from Dombivli)

titvala to Cst Slow Where?  (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

Is slow trains are running?

hello is trains running from vithalwadi to dombivali??? (sent from Vithalwadi)

where (sent from Vasind)

let me tell you the fact : jitne log chat pe hai alag alag station pe ussey toh kum log actual mein station pe dikh rahe hai 😂 (sent from Mulund Stn.)

what is the status of 8:30 at cstm kalyan train (sent from Thakurli Stn.)

what about train from thane to ulhasnagar? (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)

Are KASARA local trains on time? 

anyone beyond thane travelling towards cst?  (sent from Thane Stn.)

any idea Mulund ke pehle train ko kya hua??

Diva to cst train kiti delay hath? ani pani jamlay ka track warti

Are Up trains to CSTM running properly ? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

Where is 5:53 Karjat-CSMT fast? (sent from Mulund Stn.)

water logging at kalva??  (sent from Dombivli)

what happen I am in kalyan (sent from Kalyan)

guys are the train working? like it's raining way to heavily.. I wanna travel Bhandup to vidyavihar (sent from Bhandup Stn.)

kalyan to cst chalu aahet ka???

is any one in rajya rani express... where is train?? (sent from Thane Stn.)

mumbra se Train cst k liye chalu hai??

Kalyan to cst tarin status? (sent from mumbra) (sent from Mumbra Stn.)

Kalyan To CTMT chalu hai ??? (sent from Vithalwadi)

Dombivali to Thane trains chalu h kya? (sent from Dombivli)

trains working aahe na ?

are the trains from cst to Thane working normally?

central western harbour which (sent from Borivali)

what's is the status of train (sent from Andheri Stn.)

trains chalu hai ?  (sent from Dombivli)

kalyan te karjat train velevar chalu aahet ka? (sent from Byculla Stn.)

andheri to cst trains?? (sent from Andheri Stn.)

what status from Ulhasnagar to Ghatkopar??

trains on time ? sent from Dombivali  (sent from Dombivli)

trains are running smoothly central line, those who are planning to travel, they can start (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)

kalyan badlapur train running? (sent from Vidyavihar)

what's status of trains now at 1pm from cst toward kalyan titwala... R trains running  (sent from Cst)

where is Kasara train now?  (sent from Badlapur)

did cst train arrived there?? 

today train r on time ?? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

are trains running between dadar to ambernath ? (sent from Malad Stn.)

status for badlapur trains from cst please?  (sent from Churchgate)

train? (sent from Bhandup Stn.)

where is 8:08 ambernath (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

can anyboday tell where Panchavati express has reached? what time it will reach Kalyan station? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

train status from DDar to Asangaon?  (sent from Nalla Sopara)

thane to dadar?

what central line 😑 (sent from Churchgate Stn.)

Kalyan status? (sent from Kalyan)

is train running normal. what's about soon stn (sent from Vithalwadi)

thane to dadar working??

what is the status of mumbai pune express... (sent from Ambivli Stn.)

trains running from dombivali to cst? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

what about train status from kalyan towards cat? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

are trains on time??? specially central line (sent from Nahur)

ambarnath train is late or not??  (sent from Nahur)

Ambernath to Cst running fine?

status of mulund?? (sent from Dombivli)

Status of fast trains going CSMT?? (sent from Dombivli)

what is d problem at kalwa Stn frnds

मित्रांनो ट्रैन वेळेवर आहेत का? (sent from Diva Jn)

what is the problem (sent from Kalva Stn.)

khopoli train status? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

what about central line trains? (sent from Nahur)

status of trains running between Kalyan to Thane???? (sent from Dombivli)

Badlapur see kitne time me niklegi train??? @Minal Chavan (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)

Kalyan se Ambernath side ka koi local? please only live people in train/station reply. People sitting at home n doing Timepass should avoid it as some people are stuck and in need of some help (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

Status from Ambernath to Ghatkopar? (sent from Ambernath)

 downside trains towards karjat are working or nt...? (sent from Shelu)

what is the status of thane  (sent from Airoli Stn.)

what's the train status on central line? (sent from Badlapur)

what about mumbai railway  (sent from Mulund Stn.)

Kalyan cst 7.57 aagai Kay? (sent from Kalyan)

what is status of 9.12 kasara fast train from kurla (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

Hi All, are trains running in time between thane and Kalyan?

is central line working?

Dombivali se CST...are the trains running on time? (sent from Nilje)

Ravi how you know thar (sent from Ghatkopar)

train is on time or running slow ?

trains are from cst to badlapur? (sent from Churchgate Stn.)

Hi Thane to Kalyan any issues or trains running on time? 

please tell me all of you when you are in traveling

ghatkoper titwala  train is running on time or??? (sent from Vikhroli)

what's the problem (sent from Badlapur)

CST to Thane is working? (sent from Lower Parel)

are trains running on time? (sent from Ghansoli)

is central railway is running or not??

Byculla to Ghatkopar train chalu hai kya? (sent from Byculla)

Kalyan to Thane train status ???

10.07 fast train towards cst   is running late how much time (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

what's the issue @nahur. stuck for last 25mins (sent from Nahur Stn.)

dadar to vikroli train status? (sent from Dadar)

where is 10.32 fast train (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

asangaon to Thane train? (sent from Vasind)

what abt trains from Thane to airol8 (sent from Shahad)

central line are working or not ? (sent from Charni Road)

I want to know about train status 12174 this is the no of the train how many are is remains to arrived Kalyan junction.

thane to cst train??? (sent from Rabale)

are express of Mumbai togoa running in time? i m asking bcoz of maratha kranti morcha transporttation is disturbed

train nit aahe ka?

Thane status? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

thane to kalyan working?? (sent from Airoli Stn.)

any one ambernath to thane? is it possible to travel  (sent from Ambernath Stn.)

What about badlapur ?? (sent from Badlapur)

what is the status of trains from thane to kasara..

what is the status of karjat local of 2.54 pm from cst (sent from Ambernath)

train towards karjat status?

I have to go Dadar to Mulund. What say ? are trains running ? (sent from Kandivali)

central railways have improved their services. there was a time when central railways use to stop seeing slight downpour. now a days public stop going to work in anticipation of large downpour and getting stuck in rail traffic.

is trains from thane on platform 1 departing??

What is status of 10.05 train for cstm from kalyan? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

trains chalu hai? (sent from Bhandup)

which train is nearby Badlapur ? (sent from Badlapur)

domestic airport to kurla/vidya vihar railway atm how ti reach ?
cstm to kurla chalu hai kya?

trains running?

kurla to ghatkopar train status kya hai? (sent from Kharghar)

are trains from kurla running?

kalyan to CST ? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

what is status of train from Mulund to Karjat  (sent from Mulund)

neral ka train chalu hai na?? (sent from Dadar Stn.)

waterlogging hai kya Sion Matunga mai? any idea? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

wht abot sion??

is fast trains are available ???  (sent from Bhayander)

sunday mega block kab hai??? (sent from Nahur Stn.)

thane to dadar what is status... friends  (sent from Turbhe)

train aa raha hai kya thane to ulhas nagar? (sent from Thane Stn.)

what about Dadar to thane  (sent from Mahim Jn Stn.)

what is the situation of trains from dadar towards thane (sent from Andheri)

is there any delayed in local trains (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)

7.18 what is the status of kalayn train

What happened at Kalyan?

what is the status of Indrayani Pune to Mumbai express

what from trains from Badlapur? (sent from Badlapur)

r trains running from CST?? (sent from Churchgate)

kalyan ko train jaarhi hai kya?  (sent from Mulund)

hi..is train running between CST to dombivali ? (sent from Charni Road)

how to travel from kalyan to kanjur marg..i am currently in jpr superfast express.

Thane to vikhroli working?  (sent from Airoli Stn.)

Karnataka train chalu hain? (sent from Ghatkopar)

what happened at thane (sent from Dombivli)

thane se kurla trains ka update? (sent from Vidyavihar)

is the issue resolved?  (sent from Elphinstone Road Stn.)

is there water logging in kalwa station? (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)

train chaul hai kay??  ambrenath to thane

again??????? it is always late hahahhahaha (sent from Kopar)

where is this train now (sent from Kalva)

sion??? (sent from Kandivali Stn.)

is there megablock between dadar to thane

is it going till CST? (sent from Ambernath)

are trains reaching cst?? (sent from Thane)

shahad to thane status? (sent from Shahad)

Vikhroli- dadar trains r on time? (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)

train ka kya hal hai? office me se nikalna hai (sent from Charni Road)

titwala to thane running?? (sent from Vasind)

what about thane to cst

what's the status of all local trains?? (sent from Vithalwadi)

Where in 7:08 kasara (sent from Ghatkopar)

is train running from thane to cst? 

where is that train

trains r running or not

trains hai kya? (sent from Kalyan)

what is a status of central line....?  (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)

badalapur train? (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)

what is the status of Khopoli fast scheduled to reach Kurla at 10:19?? (sent from Kurla Stn.)

trains running on time now? 

what is the condition of trains from Kalyan to dadar (sent from Kalyan)

is train chat blocked?

is train are running? Thane to cst (sent from Koparkhairne)

why trains are late today???? (sent from Dadar Stn.)

thane se Ghatkopar trains? 

9.39 left?? (sent from Badlapur)

7:45  fast train for Kalyan not arrived at Kurla?let us know the status (sent from Kurla Stn.)

train update? (sent from Koparkhairne)

Dadar thane chalri kya?

are trains running from kurla to parel?

where is cst fast anybody please reply??  (sent from Thane Stn.)

Due to heavy rain, is there problem on central line? 

CST to Vikhroli trains running??

kajurmarg to kalyan train chalu hai ?? pls update (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)

where is 6.10pm titwala fast local (sent from Thane Stn.)

are trains on time ?

any megablock today?

csmt*? (sent from Dombivli)

train chalu hai? (sent from Vidyavihar)

kurla to dombivile running or not ?? (sent from Kurla)

what is the status of the 9:48 dombivli local..  (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

what is satus (sent from Mumbai Central)

Harbour line trains are  on time?  (sent from Badlapur Stn.)

Dude can she not read previous msgs,what the point of asking irrelevant questions. Post your train status here instead (sent from Nilje)

train status ?

what about Karjat Train ... sent from Thane

rain stopped? 

9:50 ambernath to cst on time?

central line getting back to normal or not??

are trains are on tym?? (sent from Nahur)

Kalyan to karjat trains running or not? (sent from Kalyan)

thane to cst?  (sent from Thane Stn.)

Kalyan to thane all on time? (sent from Dadar Stn.)

where is fast train karjat 10:11 (sent from Ambernath Stn.)

can anyone let know about the status?? (sent from Vithalwadi)

is car travelling safe to go to pochinki from gatka ?? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

any karjat  & Khopoli train status??

is there trains for dombivilli? (sent from Churchgate)

thane to titwala train status??? (sent from Thane)

sitting public ka not even bother to gv sit to people who r standing from last 1 hr (sent from Mulund)

where is kasara train now (sent from Shahad)

is cr trains are running in time? (sent from Dombivli)

is there heavy rains in Mulund?

what's the status from dadar to thane??  (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)

anything problem in koper?? (sent from Dativali)

Mulund k liye train hai ky? (sent from Ghatkopar)

what about byculla to thane fast  are train running  on time  (sent from Dockyard Road Stn.)

what about Kalyan station???? (sent from Kurla)

???

mulund to dombivli any issue?? (sent from Mulund Stn.)

kalyan status???? (sent from Shahad)

Dadar to Thane status? (sent from Dadar)

train is stopped between nahur and mulund from 25 mins anyone knws what is that issue??  (sent from Nahur Stn.)

thane me sab safe h na ? (sent from Rabale Stn.)

Kalwa to kanjurmarg status??? 

khopoli train at 1 clock status? (sent from Mulund)

how are rains in thane and above any updates  (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

what is status from kalyan to badlapur train (sent from Kalyan)

is there waterlog at csmt & station?? (sent from Thane)

where is now 6.51 thane-badlapur slow train (sent from Thane Stn.)

what about rush on thane to cst train platform no.1

Dadar station train running on time ? (sent from Goregaon Stn.)

Thane to kalyan chalu ahe ka?? (sent from Rabale)

Trains are running on time ?? (sent from Ambernath Stn.)

badlapur trains are running? or not (sent from Marine Lines Stn.)

Is train running from Thane to Kalyan...??? (sent from Ambernath Stn.)

??

Guys, trains proper chal rhi hai kya? (sent from Kalyan)

what happen at nahur

Badlapur k liye train hai Kya?  (sent from Dadar Stn.)

Are the trains running late? (sent from Dombivli)

What about trains from Kalyan to CST

is this true (sent from Kalyan)

what about bhivpuri road (sent from Bhivpuriroad Stn.)

is badlapur train working? (sent from Badlapur)

Central lines Trains closed?? (sent from Dombivli)

Thane to Dadar trains running?

what about Western (sent from Badlapur)

what's the train status now

any train for karjat from thana station???

Trains late aahet ka?

is thane to kalyan running on time ? (sent from Bhandup Stn.)

gm friends...what's the current status fm Kalyan towards cst (sent from Kalyan)

is there any delay in trains in central line 

dombivali to dadar? (sent from Parel)

what about Kalyan to Badlapur trains? and Badlapur to Kalyan trains?? 

train chalu Aahet ka?  (sent from Badlapur)

how many minutes late fast and slow?

cst to ambernath are the trains running?  (sent from Cst Stn.)

is it safe to travel from Mulund to Dadar ? (sent from Mulund)

kalyan train 8.42 from cstm...where has this train reached? (sent from Mumbra Stn.)

are trains running towards cst from kalyan? (sent from Shahad Stn.)

has 5.17 csmt local left from kasara? (sent from Khardi Stn.)

how much trains are late (sent from Diva Jn)

trains between Mulund and Dadar available?

csmt to Kalyan trains time pe chal Rahi h?? (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)

THANE TO CST WHAT IS STATUS ?  (sent from Rabale)

Thane to Dadar???

what is the status of Central line (sent from Koparkhairne)

hey..ulhas se cst train nikla? (sent from Vangani Stn.)

what is the current status of 10:10 Thane local train  (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

what about train from Ghatkopar to ambarnath

what is the status of train  running towards titwala (sent from Vidyavihar Stn.)

how's rains in central line (sent from Dahisar Stn.)

which slow trains are available from kalyan to cst (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

dombivli to Thane train status? 

moving normal or slow? (sent from Dativali)

is there any iSsue @ western railway (sent from Thakurli)

kalyan to thane?????  (sent from Kalyan)

train ?? (sent from Nilje)

hi are trains running todY ?  (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

I wanna go to Badlapur.... are the trains regular?  (sent from Bandra)

Whts the status from dadar to karat?

shame on those educated illiterate people who is asking " trains chalu hai kya " ? instead of rolling back and see the status of trains (sent from Thakurli Stn.)

Khopoli status ? (sent from Karjat Stn.)

vithalwadi se local proper jaa raha hai, fast?  (sent from Shahad)

train suru hai Kay Kalwa to cst??  (sent from Kalva Stn.)

thane?? (sent from Thane Stn.)

what problem between ambarnath and badlapur (sent from Shelu)

what is the status of badlapur - cat train (sent from Badlapur)

any delay for local??to cst (sent from Kopar)

WESTARN LAIN ANEY PROBLAM ???  वेश्टन लाईनला काही प्रोब्लम आहे का ???

is there any megablock on tomorrow ??

Are trains plying?

what about CST TO KARJAT (sent from Malad)

anyone please tell y r central railways trains running so late today? (sent from Shahad)

?? (sent from Kurla Stn.)

central line current status?? (sent from Masjid)

what is the problem (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)

Are trains running ahead Kurla?? (sent from Bhandup Stn.)

What about central train  (sent from Rabale Stn.)

any problem in kurla side?? (sent from Govandi)

ye konsa train hain??..Karla caves bhi jaata hain kya train? (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)

what about Ulhas station  (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)

train status?? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

vashi se cst ke liye trains chalu he kya? (sent from Nahur)

titwala CST? (sent from Titwala Stn.)

kurla to Dombivali train status?? (sent from Diva Jn)

asangaon fast kahan aayi hai? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

Where is the water logging (sent from Thakurli Stn.)

what about megablock tomorrow? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

fast Train left from Dombivali?? (sent from Kalva Stn.)

are ghatkopar to kalyan trains running? (sent from Ghatkopar)

are the trains running from dadar to ghatkopar regularly ?? (sent from Malad)

what about cst fast train??  (sent from Kalyan)

train are working between csmt to bhandup..?? (sent from Nahur)

are trains running slow? I am kurla  I need to go to thane

8.25 thane start comes on which platform at thane? (sent from Thane Stn.)

please confirm are the train on time?  (sent from Vithalwadi)

guys train chara hai?

what is the status of central railway fr9m ghatkopar to dadar 

Kurla to Dadar status kya hai??? (sent from Kurla Stn.)

where Is Reached This Train

harbour line status? (sent from Kurla)

may i know train status between ghatkopar to badlapur? 

train status ?? 

please let me know what is the status of Badlapur-CST-Badlapur Route? (sent from Badlapur)

what is the right time.is it in right time (sent from Kalyan)

thane to Vikhroli ? (sent from Thane)

vashi to catch? (sent from Vashi)

on which stn? (sent from Nahur Stn.)

bhai Ghansoli jaana h trains h kya? (sent from Andheri Stn.)

dadar to cost.??  (sent from Masjid Stn.)

CR train service sucks. Cant they announce within trainwhy its being halted? pathetic (sent from Mulund Stn.)

how about central line train (sent from Nerul Stn.)

Kurla to Panvel?? (sent from Vidyavihar Stn.)

Trains on time from Kasara?

Sakec? (sent from Vadala Road Stn.)

guys are trains on time ? from ambernath (sent from Ambernath)

what is ststus of mulund ststion (sent from Mulund Stn.)

what is status matunga to Badlapur ? (sent from Matunga Stn.)

What's wrong? (sent from Nahur Stn.)

any update on Central line? matunga to thane? (sent from Kings Circle)

train status? thane station

what is the status of central line (sent from Badlapur)

trains for Thane and from Thane to Airoli running? (sent from Mulund)

bro first go to bandra terminus and take any train which go to pune chennai Hyderabad  (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

what is status frm kurla towards kalyan?

how much train delay from Thane to vstm

why ambernath train halt at kalyan since 15 min .is there is any problem at vithalwadi

what about Badlapur?  (sent from Badlapur)

is there any train to ambernath? (sent from Kanjur Marg)

byculla to Thane ?? (sent from Byculla Stn.)

8:18 thane geli ka? (sent from Thane Stn.)

Is there any train for badlapur from kurla? (sent from Gtb Nagar Stn.)

how is train position? (sent from Vithalwadi Stn.)

but what is reason 

what abt asangaon train?? (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)

How local train is running from vikhroli to cst 

where is Karjat CST at this moment ? is it running on time ? (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)

why the central line Train was too late (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)

what is status abt ght to csmt (sent from Ghatkopar)

कांजुरमार्ग से अंबरनाथ ट्रेन का क्या हाल है ? (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)

train from thane to Dadar when 

mulund to badlapur?

what is status of trains from Thane?

I am a student should I travel to college? (sent from Thakurli Stn.)

 anyone at Kalyan station?

Ambernath ya badlapur train chalu hai kya?? (sent from Ghatkopar)

what is the train status??? (sent from Mulund Stn.)

where is Ambernath train (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

is it raining anywhere? (sent from Chunabhatti)

where is kasara train, it left shahad? (sent from Shahad)

trains are there? 

is trains are working from dombivli to kurla?  (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

is central line railway is working or not... and what is the status of GHATKOPAR bridgr

train on time?? (sent from Mulund Stn.)

why trains are delayed

?? (sent from Dombivli)

trains from cstm?? (sent from Marine Lines Stn.)

Badlapur to kalyan? (sent from Badlapur)

Kalyan se thane train chlri hai kya? (sent from Kalyan)

what about ladies special timing 

trains are on time for badlapur?? 

are trains running properly from kurla to kalyan?

really?  (sent from Kalyan)

are kasara trains running smoothly???

what about SION sl (sent from Ghansoli)

is it raining in dadar? (sent from Badlapur)

how will we know status when people go on asking questions rather than reading previous post.... more questions few answers... disappointing  (sent from Mulund)

anyone wanna play pubg? (sent from Thane Stn.)

train are running towards CST ?

ट्रेन लेट का आहेत? १ तास झाला ट्रेन मधेच बसलोय (sent from Mulund Stn.)

thane to kalyan train status please???

any delays?

What is current status train from Kalyan CST (sent from Kalyan)

hello!! any train delays?? (sent from Dombivli)

are central  train running?

is kurla dadar running or not ?? (sent from Panvel Stn.)

what abt down?  (sent from Dadar Stn.)

is there water logging at thane?

Divine, is that you?

between sion and kurla waterlogging....??

whats the current status of trains towards CST from KALYAN STATION ? Anyone at Kalyan station please update.

parel to kurla train available? (sent from Elphinstone Road)

उद्या सकाळी मेगाब्लॉक आहे काय ?बदलापूर ते मुंबई cst (sent from Badlapur)

status of Thane to badlapur? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

bhai ambernath ka kya haal h ?? (sent from Ambernath)

is there any train is running from bhandup to karjat

thane vashi train are on time or not?

are trains fine today ?

n what about intercity anyidea (sent from Borivali Stn.)

ranjit.... do you want to travel by that train?

CST to Kalyan running properly? (sent from Dombivli)

vitthalwadi and ulhas k bich train kyu rukaya he any update? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

Airoli to thane train ka kya status hai...? (sent from Airoli)

what's the prob. bet'n Vidyavihar and Kurla? (sent from Thane)

train chalu ahe k?? (sent from Nahur)

badlapur status??!!!!!! (sent from Badlapur Stn.)

bhiwandi road ki train chalu hai kya..? (sent from Bhiwandi Road)

is there any trains frm thane to klyn (sent from Vithalwadi)

what is the status of Trains @ Dombivli (sent from Dombivli)

whats status of trains towards kalyan from vikhroli??? (sent from Vikhroli)

is the train running from thane to kalyan???

what's the status on train 

is there announcements of the same

train status for kalva to ghatkopar anyone?? (sent from Kalva)

is khopoli train on time?? (sent from Thane Stn.)

what is current status of train for downwards (sent from Bhandup Stn.)

is train from cst to virar working? (sent from Sandhurst Road Stn.)

Dombivali to Ghatkopar running late ? (sent from Dombivli)

wat is status of train at thane stn towards cst?? 

Kalyan to cst train status? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

where is asangaon train now (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

where is asangaon train  (sent from Dadar Stn.)

What About Khopoli Train? 

pls anyone tell me dombivli to Mulund train running ? (sent from Kopar)

thane-ghatkopar chalu aahe ka?  (sent from Kharghar Stn.)

central line chalu h ya nahi ?? (sent from Ambernath)

koi kanjurmarg station par ho toh zara dekh kar batana ki waha Samosa wala hai kya..?? (sent from Shahad Stn.)

are train s running?

what is the status of kalyan to dadar 15car  (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

what is the train status for today?? (sent from Kurla Stn.)

where is 10 :10 Thane local train  (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

what about dombivali to cst

ok but so trains arent stopped na just running late?  (sent from Gtb Nagar Stn.)

cst kurla train is working? (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)

hyderabad exp time par hai kya? (sent from Sewri Stn.)

vidharbha exp. kalyan main aagai kya? (sent from Kalyan)

where is this train now?? 

are there slow trains from ghatkopar? (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

what is d status of central railway (sent from Dombivli)

is there a train from titwala to cst (sent from Titwala Stn.)

train status kay ahe.....15 to 20 min late last ahet...???? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

what abt csmt to kalyan status

Is there rain ahead of mumbra??  (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

thane to kalyan train suru aahe ka? (sent from Kalyan)

where is last local to cstm (sent from Mumbra)

is central railway trains are running? I want go to Dombivali from cst (sent from Churchgate)

what about the trains to thane???  (sent from Andheri)

is any bridges collapse in Ghatkopar?

15 coach Kalyan?  (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

where does titwala train reached?

thane badlapur..?  (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

cst se central line trains time pe he kya???  (sent from Churchgate)

what is the status about the train???? (sent from Dadar Stn.)

mitranno..train chalu aahe ka ?  (sent from Shahad)

what status abt up trains ??  (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

what about thane airoli train ? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

trains running from cst to thane?  (sent from Churchgate)

dadar to badlapur trains are running?? (sent from Grant Road Stn.)

I want to reach Colaba at 8 am and I am at Hypercity mall ghorbundar road so at what time I should leave my place .

stuck between vik and ghat (sent from Dombivli)

is there mega blocks  (sent from Mankhurd Stn.)

TrAin is start from kurla to Ambernath?? (sent from Govandi)

ghatkopr to parel status? ? ? ? (sent from Ghatkopar)

seriously? (sent from Dadar)

what has central railway done this time around, that everything is still working despite of so much rains. Hats off to them.

puch rahe ho ki Bata rahe ho yaar?? :-D (sent from Kalva)

trains are running on central line?

where  (sent from Cst Stn.)

Bhai Train kalyan me q Ruka he....?  (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

Is there any problems in central lines (sent from Diva Jn)

what abt slow titwala (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)

any new updatesdat? from Badlapur (sent from Badlapur)

down side chalu ahe ka?

train chalu h kya dadar to thane? 

kindly check in western line chat....  (sent from Dativali)

what is the position of the  train?

any news about badlapur? (sent from Badlapur)

9:07 ka? (sent from Shahad)

cat Kalyan chalu hain ???? (sent from Masjid Stn.)

Has kasara train left from CST? (sent from Masjid Stn.)

kasara to cst any delay or on-time?

why it is halting at bhandup for so long  (sent from Bhandup Stn.)

train is going on ??? (sent from Ambernath)

why (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

dombivli to ulhasnagar trains chal rahi hain kya?  (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)

what status of Thane  (sent from Shahad)

can anyone tell about where the ambarnath train is going to come (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

kuch problem hua kya!!?? (sent from Kopar Stn.)

what  status  about  Kalyan  to  cst  (sent from Kalyan)

what's the status for today. are the trains working  (sent from Dombivli)

from ambernath to cst???

which fast train towards CSTM are expecting on platform 6 Thane ? (sent from Thane)

Kasara 1815 local for csmt is it on time??

did Asangaon train reached any station? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

12.05 kalyan ddr  status?? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

hello is train from CST to thane is working ? (sent from Churchgate)

that's why trains are late (sent from Badlapur Stn.)

Anyone outside Chembur station? Please check if any dhaniya vendor is  available.. (sent from Chembur)

kaha pe huaa hai but i men which stn (sent from Bhandup)

plz confirm central  line train on time?  (sent from Grant Road)

any updates about Thane - Vashi trains ???  (sent from Sion)

R train available from Ulhasnagar to Mulund.? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

Thane to Dadar 🚆 chalo ahi ka???? (sent from Bhandup)

titwala to cstm train running stutaus?????? (sent from Titwala Stn.)

Dhavlya there? (sent from Tilak Nagar Stn.)

what abt ddr ambrnth 8.42 (sent from Elphinstone Road Stn.)

where is train (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)

ZEE24taas. प्रमाणे मध्य रेल्वे ठप्प ..खरे आहे का ???? (sent from Churchgate)

trains towards ulhasnagar to cst?  (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

Status of train at Matunga Central Railway? (sent from Matunga Stn.)

mulund to cst trains are running..?  (sent from Mulund)

no waterlogging any where . . reached office from Kalyan with delay of 15min (sent from Elphinstone Road Stn.)

what abt Dadar to vidhyavihar train status? (sent from Mira Road)

my friend just crossed thane and reached mulund. so he is lying? get a life (sent from Thakurli)

Karjat to cstm status??

trains from ghansoli to thane and thane to fat?? (sent from Koparkhairne)

Are trains working on time from Thane to Cst?  (sent from Thane)

what about harbor line.....? trains are running.

kanjurmarg varun train chalu ahet kaa?

is train running between kalyan to cst????

badlapur train is regular time or not

kurla to Dadar train chalu ahet ka?

train ke kya haal hai ?? (sent from Vithalwadi)

train status?

on a train towards CSTM started frm badlapur at 12.34 is still not crossed Dombavli.  what exactly  is the problem not clear. its a Fast train (sent from Thakurli)

what is the current train status?

what about Thane to Dombivili  (sent from Thane Stn.)

train are late ??

What about dadar

late matlab normally hote hai utna hi na?

thane to kalyan trains...?

hi fast trains from kalyan to cstm aee on time on not?

???  (sent from Kalyan)

9.30 Asangaon from titwala.. what's d running status of dat train (sent from Titwala Stn.)

dombivli to thane train status ? (sent from Dombivli)

ambernath train? (sent from Ambernath Stn.)

are trains from ghatkopar running ?? (sent from Ghatkopar)

After kalyan trains are not working ?

3.37 dadar reached where (sent from Thane Stn.)

what about Kurla trains 

is this issue solve  (sent from Thane)

what about thane to vashi route, are trains working (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

what is thr train status from thane to Ghatkopar (sent from Airoli)

train is running on time? (sent from Ambernath Stn.)

any news abt the ladies spcl train?  (sent from Ghatkopar)

bhandup to mulund train status??? (sent from Bhandup)

is 4:30 csmt fast on time from Badlapur? (sent from Ambernath Stn.)

what is tha condition treen (sent from Diva Jn)

what abt todays train timing? 

where's the 1.31 badlapur fast right now ? (sent from Kalyan)

are trains running towards csmt? (sent from Vikhroli)

खरच की सहज काहीतरी. ? (sent from Nahur)

R there any train from thane to kasara?

airoli to thana ten chalu hi? (sent from Airoli)

udhr kuch hua hai ?

trains from cst to ghatkopar are working.. right??  (sent from Churchgate)

are trains working from diva to kurla?  plz update diva station people

train let chalu aahe ka...? (sent from Thane Stn.)

ghansoli to thane all ok??

what is ghatkopar train location (sent from Kurla Stn.)

train chalu h kya towards vikroli?

why trains are not working properly  (sent from Vile Parle Stn.)

are central trains running late from kurla to thane? (sent from Kurla)

???? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

is der any issue with train?? (sent from Mulund)

dombivali to CST train status??? (sent from Kopar Stn.)

vashi to thane train chalu ahe ka?  (sent from Juinagar)

what's the train status from Thane to cst

thane to mulund train available ?? (sent from Thane Stn.)

karat cst local trains running in time? (sent from Karjat Stn.)

2.01 karjat where is now

dombivli Ka fast track chalu hua kya ??? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

How much is the delay for CSMT bound fast & slow local trains ?  (sent from Vashi Stn.)

Andheri to dombivali chalu zali Kai? (sent from Cst Stn.)

trains from badlapur running on time? pls update

are there any trains from Kurla to Thane? (sent from Ghansoli)

are buses operational from kanjurmarg station ? (sent from Mulund Stn.)

thane se panvel k liye train milgei kya?

Dombivali thane fast track train aahe ka?? (sent from Dombivli)

status of train ? from cst to Kalyan (sent from Churchgate)

asangaon slow local kaha par hai abhi????  (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)

is Train working to going cst????  (sent from Mumbra Stn.)

is train running fine ?? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

what is tommorow's megablock time on central railway (sent from Badlapur)

Are the trains running from Csmt to Ambernath ? (sent from Sandhurst Road Stn.)

what is the status from kalyan to cst? (sent from Juinagar)

ट्रेन लेट आहेत का ? (sent from Santa Cruz Stn.)

where is 9.18 karjat fast train from kalyan

and what about harbour line from kurla to nerul

frm karjat side trains late kitna hai?towards cst (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)

hi there can anyone please let me know that neral to matheran train is working or not?

train kitna late hai?? (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)

kalyan to thane trains ahet ka? (sent from Kalyan)

are trains working? (sent from Ambernath)

what about ambernath to Thane locals are running proper plz revert soon(from ambernath ) pankaj chauhan (sent from Ambernath)

are central line trains  running?

is there any train towards cost from badlpur  (sent from Badlapur)

how much late slow trains  (sent from Parel)

Thane ??

PLEASE UPDATE THANE TO KALYAN ROUTE???? 

train time pr h?? (sent from Malad)

dadar to dombivli? (sent from Grant Road Stn.)

are the trains running from dombivli to vidyavihar?  (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

are trains from badlapur to Thane running on time? 

what's about Central Railway  (sent from Bhandup Stn.)

kurla to Kanjur marg what is the status (sent from Bhayander)

train is running on time or not?

is Karjat train left on time from thane? (sent from Kopar Stn.)

diva to cstm tren chalu hai kya ? (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)

what is kalwa station status (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

what is the status kalyan to cstm fast local  (sent from Thane Stn.)

train are running??from Karjat to csmt

any problem ?? (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)

train status at Kurla ??? (sent from Thane)

where did asangaon train reach now?? (sent from Mumbra)

what status of dadar to badlapur (sent from Elphinstone Road)

where is titwala to cst fast train (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

are trains working on time? (sent from Dombivli)

trains late hai?  (sent from Thane Stn.)

is babu bhai still selling idli sambhar outside grant road East? (sent from Marine Lines Stn.)

Nikhil please just wanna update u that trains r late more than 2 to 3 mins late by 15 to 30 mins so pls don't give wrong information to other advice to u (sent from Thane Stn.)

what about chembur to dadar 

vashi to thane problem hai kya? (sent from Vashi Stn.)

is that train too late??? 

kasara to cst chalu ahet ka? (sent from Ghansoli Stn.)

what is the condition in Mumbai

badlapur varun cst chalu zale ka????

Curry road to kurla what status of train...  (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)

what is the mishap? (sent from Thane)

thane to kalyan chalu hai? (sent from Rabale Stn.)

what about kailash jumbo vadapao at dadar? open?

what is status of sion to kalyan ( sent from mahim ) (sent from Sion)

gadi chalu yeh kya nahi?  (sent from Chunabhatti)

are Kalyan trains on time?

where is 1.24 csmt train from vangani (sent from Vangani Stn.)

9.14 cst fast frm thane lft?  (sent from Mulund Stn.)

Are trains from kalyan to kurla running on time?

What about Dadar? (sent from Khardi)

current status of trains from Dombivli to thane?  (sent from Kopar Stn.)

Thane to dombivali train chalu hai kya??  (sent from Koparkhairne)

train time pe hai?  (sent from Chunabhatti)

mumbra  stn ka plz koi bataye kitna late he ??

titwala to cst train he kya??  (sent from Titwala Stn.)

are trains on time?

is there is rain in Mumbai Mulund  (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

thane to cst ?

what is the status between Kalyan to Thane  (sent from Shahad Stn.)

is train running from cst?

is central line trains ok? (sent from Andheri)

dadar to cst? (sent from Andheri)

what is the current situation at thane to ghatkopar trains (sent from Panvel)

titwala line running properly? (sent from Airoli Stn.)

why the train is late  (sent from Kharghar)

is there any train for CST (sent from Sion Stn.)

what is the actual update... (sent from Badlapur)

Mulund Badlapur  ??? (sent from Mulund Stn.)

why r everyone asking questions...better hai ki status batao train ka (sent from Thane Stn.)

where khopoli train now? (sent from Neral)

what's central line train current situation, are trains running. on track?

what about asangone to cst local any one riply (sent from Khadavli)

Dombivli? 

central railway status?? (sent from Ambernath)

R the trains running on time?

what is the central  line  status  (sent from Mulund Stn.)

anyone plz update trains r moving on central track ? (sent from Sion Stn.)

kaha ja rhe ho? (sent from Kalyan)

are trains on time?  (sent from Thakurli Stn.)

What about Titwala side trains? are they running fine? (sent from Shahad)

what the status of kurla to mumbra (sent from Khar Road Stn.)

kaand shuru hogaya kya??

kurla to kalyan chalu hain kya ? (sent from Chunabhatti)

are trains running from dombivli?  (sent from Dombivli)

badlapur Train status?

hey gys! can u plz inform mulund too cst ways r clear? or not!

Mulund to badlapur Jana possible hai? (sent from Mulund Stn.)

Anyone outside Dombivli Station pls check if Idli wala uncle is selling Idli or not?  (sent from Dombivli)

Ambernath to karjat trains working? 

is slow track working??? (sent from Kalyan)

are the trains working for asangao ?

ambarnath train time pe chal taha hai kya ? (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)

what about cst train

mumbra se c.s.t ka Kiya haal hai??? (sent from Mumbra Stn.)

dadar Csmt running ok? (sent from Borivali Stn.)

abhi bhi ruk rhe h trains..still not working?? (sent from Sandhurst Road Stn.)

what is the status of Badlapur trains (sent from Chunabhatti)

 what's the train status? 

Badlapur janw ke liye chalu hai kya ?

is it arrived from kalyan and what's the current location? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

can any1 update on central line train?? is it working on time or late?? (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)

trains from kanjur marg??

kasara thane line is working or not??  (sent from Vashi)

what abt  bhandup to thane? (sent from Bhandup)

dombivli to Ghatkoper??  (sent from Dombivli)

Hi are central trains from Thane to Kurla working?

pagal hai kya tu ?? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

Mulund to cst?  chalu he?!  (sent from Mulund Stn.)

Local trains are running?  (sent from Ambernath)

titwala csmt service chalu hai?? (sent from Titwala Stn.)

What is the status of central railways  (sent from Dativali Stn.)

status of ghatkopar to ulhas nagar ? (sent from Vikhroli)

is the issue at mulund sorted???

train chalu aahet ka?

Kurla to Dombivili trains are running? (sent from Ghatkopar)

whats the status of Sion station? (sent from Mulund)

how much time the trains are delayed?? (sent from Rabale)

is train running till Thane or somewhere in between? (sent from Lower Parel)

status of trains??? (sent from Kharghar Stn.)

what is status of 6.50 cstm fast from Kurla station

what is the status of badlapur  to cst   (sent from Badlapur)

kuku do you love me? (sent from Koparkhairne Stn.)

hi are train working?? (sent from Ghatkopar)

thane to cst train chalu h? (sent from Airoli)

what is status dombivli to mulund train status (sent from Ghatkopar)

is the train passing from Sion station towards CST? (sent from Kurla Stn.)

where is thane train (sent from Bhandup Stn.)

thane to dombivli train is running on time? (sent from Thane Stn.)

local trains bandh today? (sent from Lower Parel)

Kurla to Mulund ?? Are trains running ??

what is the status of central line  (sent from Seawood Darave Stn.)

Are trains to Badlapur running from Kalyan ?

what about karjat to Kalyan  (sent from Kalyan)

Thane to Vidyavihar Position ?

Hii. I am at vidyavihar. I want to go towards kalyan. can anyone update the status of trains moving towards that side. thanks (sent from Vidyavihar Stn.)

Ghatkopar to dadar train chalu ahe ka? 

why trains are stop (sent from Mulund Stn.)

is there Ghatkopar to Kalyan trains are working

asangaon to cst trains running on time? 

20 min late ..... for local update what app on 7718050505 (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

Thane te BADLAPUR  chalu aahe Ka ? (sent from Taloja)

what's the status for trains from CSTM to Thane?  (sent from Mahalakshmi Stn.)

what the status of train towards cst (sent from Kopar)

are the trains working properly??? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

from Thane to klyn working????

last 25min train are stop before kalwa...what happining??? (sent from Kalva Stn.)

ट्रेन चालू आहेत का? 

Kasara train?  (sent from Titwala Stn.)

hi...central railway late or....wht??? (sent from Govandi Stn.)

u r in vashi thane train ?  (sent from Ghansoli Stn.)

what the status for Ghatkopar to Kalyan  (sent from Andheri)

khopoli train? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

what is the current status for csmt trn from krjat (sent from Vangani Stn.)

train kitane mins late hai? (sent from Elphinstone Road Stn.)

thane to csmt train ???

Guys, what is the status of trains from Dombivli to Cst? (sent from Dombivli)

what is status of titwala fast train?? (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)

dombivali to cst what stetus (sent from Thakurli)

dombivli to thane status? (sent from Dombivli)

status at kurla station??  (sent from Chunabhatti)

thane to kalyan status??? (sent from Thane)

Just try to avoid usage phones (unless urgent) while traveling in train specially when standing and then see how much space is saved. (sent from Nahur Stn.)

mumbra till kurla working properly ?? please reply. 

is there is any problem in kalyan (sent from Shahad)

why all trains towards kalyan are late,  Ghatkopar  to Bhandup 40 mints? 

trains from kurla?? (sent from Tilak Nagar)

8.11 Badlapur ( Fast ???)train reached Kurla at 9.35 Am.  This is called faltugiri of Central Line. (sent from Kurla Stn.)

trains are working on time or not?  (sent from Mulund Stn.)

train status?? (sent from Virar)

? (sent from Ambernath)

trains on time ? (sent from Koparkhairne)

what is a issue at nahut station...?

is there megablock between Ulhasnagar to Kandivali

karjat to CST ??????? pls

cst - thane ? (sent from Dadar Stn.)

what happened

parel trains are running??? (sent from Thane Stn.)

cast kasara working?  (sent from Andheri Stn.)

Any mob protestors in your areas? (sent from Vithalwadi)

did it rained heavily at night? (sent from Kalyan)

girls & ledis plz don't go train travel any where bcz kahi bhi fas skte ho

dadar to thane???

5:58 Dombivli slow status? (sent from Dadar Stn.)

what is train status of 6:16 kalyan starting local to cst (sent from Kalyan)

is there any issue with train towards vikhroli? (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

what about trains from badlapur (sent from Badlapur)

Is there any delay in the trains from Dadar to Mulund? (sent from Bhandup)

what's the status of Mumbai rajdhani today (sent from Manasarovar)

Thane to badlapur?? (sent from Thane)

please Kalyan to CST update ?? (sent from Thakurli Stn.)

what is current status Ghatkopar to dombivali

train on time h kya?? 

is the trains running time towards kalya  (sent from Nilje)

is it???

sion?? (sent from Sion Stn.)

what about cst

Kalyan to Ghatkopar status? 

aakash train la khup gardi aahe ka?  (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

Are the trains running on time from Thane station ?

what's happening in kalva (sent from Thane Stn.)

Is there any prb on central??my trn is stucked at diva..not moving since from 15 mins (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)

Right now I am in Kalyan local which is on platform number 1 of Parel station...just behind ambernath local (sent from Elphinstone Road Stn.)

fast trains running till thane??

is line clear from thane to ghatkopar?? (sent from Thane)

Trains are not in time? (sent from Airoli)

ambernath to karjat train? (sent from Ambernath Stn.)

titwala to thane ?? (sent from Shahad)

Thane se Kalyan tak train chalu Hain? (sent from Vashi)

what about Dombivali (sent from Dombivli)

what position from ambernath to cst

is asangaon trains are running ??

is train running well from Badlapur ?

anyone in Mulund station? (sent from Mulund Stn.)

Anyone brother is on Atgaon station? (sent from Bhandup Stn.)

what is status starting from curry road (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)

badlapur to thane train are working or not????? (sent from Thane Stn.)

Thane to badlapur ka train chalu hai kya?  (sent from Badlapur)

what about trains between kalyan and karjat (sent from Ambernath)

really ?? when will the further notice come Lol I am at the station . (sent from Thane Stn.)

OMG  mad rain it is?  (sent from Gtb Nagar)

are trains running ? (sent from Chembur Stn.)

is there any pbm between kanjurmarg and nahur stn (sent from Dadar Stn.)

Is train running on time in Central Line? (sent from Cst Stn.)

what is status about cst train from karjat (sent from Neral Stn.)

7.57 CST fast is on time? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

Kurla se Dadar ke beech Paani bhara hai.... Trains chal Rahi hai but bohot slow hai.... Anyone up for pubg?? (sent from Gtb Nagar Stn.)

kalyan to ghatkopar local running fine? (sent from Andheri)

how late trains are in central (sent from Dombivli)

Ghatkopar to dadar trains are working or not?

whats rain status? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

train running on time or not

are trains from thane to karjat???

what about slow trian..from thane to badlapur .. (sent from Kalva)

what's the reason anybody says  (sent from Bhandup Stn.)

what about trains from cst to karjat?  (sent from Badlapur)

any one ? (sent from Vashi)

ghantkopar onwards are CST fast trains stuck? (sent from Kurla Stn.)

status badlapur station ????? (sent from Badlapur Stn.)

kalyan to CST ? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

what is trains status in central down line  (sent from Goregaon)

dadar to Pune trains.??

Sentral Lin chalu he kya nahi boos?? (sent from Koparkhairne)

what abouts badlapur karjat khopoli train (sent from Churchgate)

what is the status of train from ambarnath to thane pls reply

where is karjat  (sent from Badlapur Stn.)

what about from titwala to thane train is there ? (sent from Ambivli Stn.)

any problem in central line?

anybody know local train update..raining heavily...ia there any delay?

its raining to who ever dont know this (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

trains running between kanjur and ambernath? (sent from Vikhroli)

Please update local train status between Dombivali and Thane on slow track?

wat abt trains from CST to Kalyan, running on time? any water log issues in between? (sent from Mahim Jn Stn.)

what about karjat -cst train 

train is runing properly kalyan to kurla?

kurla station la paus ahe ka? mi छत्री visarloy ghari (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

hi good morning! central line is working? (sent from Badlapur)

what is the status at thane

what is the status of kurla to thane ?

what about cstm to  kasara train ?? running or not ? (sent from Mulund Stn.)

trains are diverted to fast track and trains which halt at paltform 2 are not halting they are fast trains moving from slow tracks (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)

train chalu aahe ka???

mumbra to cst chalu hai ??? (sent from Govandi)

To reach thane station ?

kurla to dadar running or not?

Central line chalu Hai kya? (sent from Ghansoli Stn.)

status of soon? (sent from Belapur Cbd Stn.)

central line update? (sent from Sion Stn.)

fast train h kya bhai? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

what abt trains in central line...kurla to Thane? (sent from Vashi Stn.)

16 july ( Train status..?) via Badlapur (sent from Badlapur)

Mumbai mein bearish gir Raha hai?

trains are running from Kalyan to cst,?

trains r running from Thane?? (sent from Airoli Stn.)

kharghar to vikroli?

are thane - csmt trains on time ? (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)

is there any issues with central line near bhandup ?

plz tell me the status of Ambernath fast.. which starts from dader @7.40  (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

any issues at CST? 

kurla to gharkopar train is stucked???  (sent from Kurla Stn.)

anyone at dadar? what is status towards Kalyan? (sent from Malad Stn.)

down slow trains are running? (sent from Vithalwadi)

dombivali to cst..!? plzz reply (sent from Churchgate)

 from dombivli to vidyavihar? what is the status?

when will Cam kasara for  (sent from Khardi Stn.)

what about train  (sent from Marine Lines)

very true yesterday we were talking abt this in train why this people not understand this basic thing ;( (sent from Andheri)

sach mein kya..??anybody  please reply soon (sent from Jogeshwari)

SHAHAD TO CSMT? ARE TRAINS CANCELLED??? (sent from Shahad)

status of 8:18thane train? (sent from Kalyan)

central local CST Jane wale tym pe chal rhi hai kya????

where is Karjat train (sent from Badlapur Stn.)

are sion to New York working? (sent from Gtb Nagar)

what is the current status of the trains on Central line???

Hi...what's the problem today at central Line? (sent from Mulund Stn.)

how is the condition from Kalyan to CST? 

any update from airoli to thane? 

any information about 7.43 Badlapur slow from Thane? (sent from Thakurli)

what's d status of trains 

ambernath se chalu hue kya ?  (sent from Ambernath Stn.)

what is the status for badlapur train from mumbai (sent from Nahur)

ghatkoper to mumbra?

kalwa to thane what's the status? please. (sent from Kalva)

Kalyan status?? (sent from Tilak Nagar)

thane to ghatkopar train? (sent from Airoli Stn.)

what is monthly pass from dombiwali to churchgate (sent from Diva Jn)

or khopoli site train chalu hai kya? (sent from Mankhurd)

as per news medium that fast track is completely stop

What is the status about central line local train ?

Where is 5:53 Karjat-CSMT fast? (sent from Mulund Stn.)

what about kasara and asangaon train (sent from Thane)

is central line running on time? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

kalyan to karajt rains?  (sent from Dombivli)

central line is operating??? (sent from Airoli)

are running on time as per schedules?? (sent from Mahalakshmi Stn.)

where is thane

Is there any water logging on Central Railway? (sent from Cotton Green)

train mein hai kya raani?  (sent from Badlapur Stn.)

train are running from Lonavala towards Mumbai?

what is current status of thane

guys badlapur cst train status???? (sent from Thane)

train group ka discussion ..ab m-indicator chat mein bhi uplabdh (sent from Kalva)

Are trains on time to cst??(from kalwa station (sent from Kalva Stn.)

Are trains running properly?  (sent from Badlapur Stn.)

Check d app Where is my Train. Gives current update. (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

what about ambernath to thane 

what's the position of central line from thane to csmt

Thane to Kalyan what is status?? (sent from Airoli Stn.)

is karjat khopoli train are on time?

is there mega block on harbour line tomorrow 15 july

status betwn badlapur to kalyan...?

train status frm kyn?

where is titwala asanghav train (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

train working? (sent from Mulund)

thane to Badlapur train status....? #Thane 

will they run all day ? (sent from Kopar Stn.)

 thane se kurla train chalu hai kyaa??

what is the status of thane starting train 8 :25 (sent from Thane)

what about central line services (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

have to travel from kalyan to Govandi...any update????  (sent from Shahad)

dombivli to dadar what is status

 wat happen ?? (sent from Mulund)

what about the trains position friend? (sent from Vithalwadi)

are trains are running properly from dombivli to cstm??  (sent from Kopar)

dombivali to thane??? (sent from Dombivli)

train status from thane to cst?? (sent from Mulund)

what about cst (sent from Churchgate)

kurla to badlapur?? (sent from Bandra)

trains are working badlapur to cst? (sent from Badlapur)

what's d issue...?? platform crowded at dombivali (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

what's the status of Kalyan trains towards cst? anyone ?

 trains going to Kasara?  (sent from Kalva)

kurla to mulund chalu he Kya ? (sent from Belapur Cbd Stn.)

what current position at nahur

what about thane to Ghatkopar?

are trains running from thane to cst ???? (sent from Thane)

is Sion Matunga area doing good ? (sent from Mulund Stn.)

any train from badlapur or karjat for thane? (sent from Ambernath Stn.)

central lines working okay? no water logging at Sion? (sent from Kalva Stn.)

train kiti lates ahet? (sent from Badlapur)

trains are running on time? (sent from Bhandup Stn.)

Is train ok from dombivli ? (sent from Dombivli)

trains running? (sent from Thane Stn.)

badlapur to cst status? (sent from Badlapur)

what about Indore Pune ? (sent from Shahad)

what about diva to dadar (sent from Belapur Cbd Stn.)

What abt khopoli trains?? is there any prblm?? (sent from Neral Stn.)

yaaro mein college jau ki nahi. I live in thane and college is somaiya Vidyavihaar? (sent from Mulund)

ghatcopr to thane? any train update

why Kate today (sent from Mulund Stn.)

any update about kalyan ??? (sent from Ghansoli)

thane to cst? 

is trains running from ghatkopet towards khopoli?

is there any mega block on Central line on Sunday 8th july?

what s the status towards asangaon 

dadar to dombiivili?  (sent from Santa Cruz)

what the status of trains in central line (sent from Gtb Nagar)

kasara 6 18 ki local delay hai kya?

what about kalwa to cst (sent from Kalva)

badlapur to cst? (sent from Badlapur Stn.)

Thane to csmt status anyone?

trains r wotking frm shahad to byculla or no? (sent from Shahad Stn.)

Badlapur from Bhandup at 4:34 uska kya status hai guys???? (sent from Bhandup Stn.)

downside train status? (sent from Kalyan)

any updates on 10:52 from thane??????  (sent from Mulund Stn.)

is there any megablock at kurla to karjat (sent from Santa Cruz)

has 12.00 train from Thane left? (sent from Nahur Stn.)

trains on time from  dadar? (sent from Grant Road Stn.)

why Thane slow trains stand at Bhandup stn (sent from Mulund Stn.)

@Dipesh mehta.....train chalu hi gyi hai na kalwa to mumbra???ya abhi bhi ruki hui hai?? (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)

vidya vihar???

is train on time from kalyan to csmt ? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

koi answer karega kya? Sabh questions hi puch rahe hai (sent from Bandra)

what about cst to dombivali (sent from Chunabhatti Stn.)

kasara stetus ? to kalyan (sent from Mulund Stn.)

why central trains are late

is borivali thane bus running? 

kal train chalu rahege k nhi...???

kasara se cst train chalu hai kya?? (sent from Kandivali Stn.)

is airoli  to thane  trains are stopped ? (sent from Airoli)

what is the situation of badlapur (sent from Andheri)

Parel to kurla? (sent from Elphinstone Road Stn.)

what is update about train (sent from Shelu)

status at Thane station??? (sent from Thane)

how delay trains r running frm cst to kasara route (sent from Bhandup)

can someone suggest best route to travel from mulund West to lower parel, some where close by mathuradas mill compound  (sent from Gtb Nagar Stn.)

trains status from thane to CST anyone pls?

badlapur fast any updates? (sent from Mulund Stn.)

trains from Dombivli to Vikhroli are running fine?  (sent from Thane Stn.)

kalyan - karjat train chalu he kya?

what is the status of thane to badlapur train (sent from Thane)

has the trains stopped ? (sent from Thane)

what is status of fast trains to kalyan  (sent from Byculla Stn.)

Thane kya position hai?

central line train chalu hai kay? (sent from Nalla Sopara Stn.)

what about current position of trains (sent from Churchgate)

Ghatkopar to Thane train working??

Kurla to Vikhroli??? (sent from Chembur)

Sandhurst to dadar???? (sent from Dockyard Road Stn.)

are down trains running properly? (sent from Vidyavihar Stn.)

karjat cst trains are running properly or not?(sent from karjat STN.) (sent from Karjat Stn.)

what going on Central line

are trains running fine in central railways? (sent from Borivali Stn.)

down slow chalu hai? (sent from Vikhroli)

what status central line (sent from Badlapur)

central train status ? (sent from Juinagar Stn.)

where is kasara train 02.04  (sent from Thane Stn.)

pandit vada pav khula hai kya?? (sent from Ambivli)

what's the problem? (sent from Mulund Stn.)

train stopped at koparkhairane! what's the status?

what is the status about thane to gansoli are train on time? (sent from Mira Road Stn.)

is there any train running from dombivli?  (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

Dadar to Mumbai central status?  (sent from Mumbra Stn.)

is trains r running of central line on time ?

is there trains working between dadar to vidyavihar 

where is 7 train from vitthalwadi (sent from Vithalwadi Stn.)

what is the status Badlapur pls reply

ambernath to cst chalu hai??

how late? (sent from Thane)

Thane to Kurla train running? (sent from Kalva)

mr.joseph..pls tell me that thane karjat train  whch arrives 11.40 at bdl is left frm thane stn or not ? (sent from Badlapur Stn.)

Is tommorow mega block in central line if there what is the timing (sent from Diva Jn)

Kurla to Thane working? (sent from Govandi)

have any idea about trains running status???? (sent from Badlapur Stn.)

anyone at Sion? (sent from Sion)

Sion ka waterlogging kam hua kya? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

7.43 badlapur from thane?  status (sent from Vithalwadi)

Why?

What about Titwala(1:12) train??It has not reached Kurla yet

What is the  train,status (sent from Elphinstone Road)

from virar to andheri trains are working or not

train from cstm to Kurla is running?

train from titwala to thane...time pa h kya? (sent from Shahad Stn.)

where is 7:51 Ambernath train (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

plsss update any one is it trains are running Kalyan to Kurla?? (sent from Nerul Stn.)

trains are working fine from kurla towards Kalyan??

are trains on tym from kalyan to cst????? (sent from Kalyan)

hope there s no issue between Sion n Dadar.. pls update??

what status from vikhroli to cstm (sent from Vikhroli)

khopoli cst 6:31 train crosses thane?? (sent from Thane Stn.)

trains running from kanjur to mulund?

shahad to CST? (sent from Shahad)

status please train from CST? (sent from Churchgate)

Are trains on time? (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)

hlo sir kalyanto?CST

Is this information correct? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

what's the problem in central  (sent from Chembur Stn.)

what is status of Kalyan to cst

it will be great help if we all just stick to train news rather than doing stupid things asking tea holiday or what

time par hsi kya?? 

train status from thane to cst??? (sent from Thane)

what's train status 

Is any crack on railway track near by Kalyan ? (sent from Kurla)

are trains running on time? (sent from Badlapur)

what does that mean 

is the khopoli - cst train running ? (sent from Khopoli Stn.)

is central line working???

what about transharber?

is the trains are running to Badlapur ??? (sent from Airoli)

are trains starting from kalyan on ryt tym?

central trains on time?

What about harbour (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)

is there any issue between kurla to thane??  (sent from Juinagar Stn.)

aaj train time pe hai kya? (sent from Ambernath)

Hi train ka Kya status hai ? (sent from Mumbra Stn.)

karjat train is working or not

what if they stop train afterward then there will be issue in returning back (sent from Kalyan)

Kurla Station LA Pani bharly ka .....? (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)

where is khopoli local (sent from Badlapur Stn.)

andolan hai kya?? (sent from Mulund Stn.)

is there any problem at kalyan

When this heck 18030 is going to move???? does anyone have any idea? (sent from Titwala)

Kalyan to thane ? (sent from Vithalwadi)

what is the status from badlapur (sent from Badlapur)

what the hell is going on why kp train standing hear (sent from Airoli Stn.)

madgoan to ajni which is arryawl time

is there any trn to kasara (sent from Asangaon Stn.)

i m at vikhroli.. are the trains working??  (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)

are thane to kalyan trains working? 

Thane to dadar train status???? (sent from Thane)

train status between diva to Thane? (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)

CST line chalu hai Kya?  (sent from Koparkhairne Stn.)

vikhroli to kalyan train is working or what? (sent from Vikhroli)

??? (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

where is the khopoli train 09:52 from vithalwadi (sent from Vithalwadi Stn.)

what about kalwa to ghatkopar  (sent from Kalva)

thane to kurla is train running? 

What is status from Dadar to Thane St  (sent from Bhayander)

kya hua hai..?? (sent from Nahur Stn.)

is there train running from bhandup to Cst (sent from Bhandup)

are we getting trains from dadar to mulund?  (sent from Bhayander Stn.)

are trains working ? (sent from Mulund)

where are u now ?? (sent from Ghatkopar)

why what happen (sent from Cst Stn.)

what is the situation in kalyan station

are there any problems from Byculla to Kasara?

what is d status of central line (sent from Bandra)

Check out @dedhiadilip’s Tweet: https://twitter.com/dedhiadilip/status/1024688099773693955?s=08 (sent from Thane Stn.)

5.33 karjat.... is on time???? 

what is train status about Kalyan to kasara

where is ladies special reach

hi..are trains to Cst from Kalyan are on track? (sent from Thakurli Stn.)

dombivli  to ghatkopar ka train status ? (sent from Dombivli)

Sion station ka kya status hai?  (sent from Kurla Stn.)

water logging is still on Kalwa track?

what is problem train. stuck up in between Bhandup & Mulund  (sent from Nahur)

badlapur - CSMT train running????

has 10.17 kalyan bound slow local started from kalyan ? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

sion to cst working or not? (sent from Chunabhatti)

should i go from dadar to  Currey road or Lower parel ...can any 1 tell me as i m in Fast train will reach Thane in 10 minutes ???? (sent from Diva Jn)

2ndly, have you'll noticed how much space does it take when a person is using mobile phone while in train? It's more than Bag as they block way by elbows (sent from Nahur Stn.)

what about down side trains in central line 

hey cstm ke liye train hai ki Ni ?? (sent from Dadar Stn.)

where is Asangaon or kasara train (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

what is status of Central line 

what is the status of kalyan to khopoli (sent from Shahad)

what about central line (sent from Andheri)

wht abt Panvel n Vashi train frm thane? (sent from Bhandup Stn.)

are trains halting at vidyavihar???? pls confirm!?? (sent from Thakurli)

any update from titwala to cstm....? (sent from Titwala Stn.)

CST to Dombivli chalu hai kya? (sent from Charni Road Stn.)

whats the status from ghatkopar to kalyan ? (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

what about  khopoli fast train from cst (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

Can anyone say ambernath and badlapur train chalu,hai,kya?? (sent from Ghatkopar)

Plz give me status from badlapur to panvel via thana? (sent from Badlapur)

from kurla to thane?? (sent from Chunabhatti)

fast train status? 

what is the status of the fast train from Karjat (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

train full day chalu h ? ya band hone wali h  (sent from Kopar)

for anyone and everyone who hasn't yet reached home. please don't lose hope and stay calm. it is unpleasant and annoying going through all of this. but being agitated will further complicate things. let's work together to go home. 

what is train status on tomorrow? 

Any update from boisar station.. station bahar Gulab-jamun wale ka shop khula ey kya? 

do we have heavy water logging near parel station?? (sent from Airoli)

what about kasara local train late or in time (sent from Ghansoli)

is there any problem (sent from Kalva)

what happened

wat abt thane to cst is it working on time???

thane to csmt? are trains running fine?  (sent from Thane)

what is train status at ambernath station?  (sent from Ambernath)

what about kalyan to thane

trains to ambernath are available from mulund ? (sent from Mulund Stn.)

Thane to kalyan train chal rhi hai?

trains are working or not? 

ulhasnagar to kalyan local chalu hai kya???? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

where is Karjat train (sent from Vithalwadi Stn.)

central  line ka kya haal he?  (sent from Mulund Stn.)

is there any problem ahead? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

kurla to dadar status? (sent from Kalamboli)

what about sion station ?? (sent from Elphinstone Road Stn.)

megablock on  tomorrow...? if it will be how many timing it is..? (sent from Shahad)

what is the pass cost for all over mumbai for 1st class (sent from Cst)

asangaon train ahe ka..?

is there train working towards kalyan (sent from Nahur Stn.)

schools and colleges are there or not? (sent from Kings Circle)

are trains on time in Dom? (sent from Dombivli)

anyone reached sion? (sent from Mulund Stn.)

kalyan to thane trains are working or not

aaj tc ticket check kr rha hai kya? 😂 (sent from Thane Stn.)

guys any one help to know what is the status for badlapur to karjat trains  (sent from Badlapur)

train running on time?? 

what's the issue (sent from Kopar Stn.)

what is the status of trains from Dombivali towards Dadar

Badlapur to Kalyan trains hai kya?  (sent from Kalyan)

Down side train chalu hai kya??

is train started from karjat towards mumbai??

Like by how much? (sent from Shahad)

Is there any problem between Thakurli?  (sent from Badlapur)

who said (sent from Mulund Stn.)

is kurla to ghatkopar train on?

Kalyan up ... to CST status?? (sent from Kalyan)

are the trains working fine ? delayed ? or stopped ?

kalyan train running?

train status from thane to Kalyan???

koi karjat station ka haal chal bata sakta hai? (sent from Karjat)

what is the train whggg

Are Trains on time from Kalyan to Thane? (sent from Kalyan)

are trains working??  (sent from Badlapur Stn.)

khopoli train atta kuthe ahe ? (sent from Badlapur Stn.)

r train running on time???

what is the current status of central line? (sent from Dombivli)

tren chalu ahet ka ?

CST TO DADAR??? (sent from Sandhurst Road)

where aasngaon train  (sent from Mulund Stn.)

where is karjat fast? I'm waiting at thane station (sent from Thane Stn.)

this is normal. they cancel trains even when it's not raining 😂

what is the status of train (sent from Badlapur)

what about CST - Thane (sent from Cst Stn.)

mulund to kurla ??

are trains runnig on time?

towards thane local train status ? (sent from Neral Stn.)

ulhas to csmt trains are running on time or not?  please reply asap (sent from Ambernath)

what's the update of central line train for kalyan titwala (sent from Vashi)

Kalyan to Thane ???? please reply I'm in urgency. (sent from Vithalwadi)

is slow is which completely affected ..which is not running (sent from Sion Stn.)

asangaon train ahe ka..?

are all trains on time? 

how about thane  (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)

where is 11:59 cstm train. (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)

how to reach dadar to khopoli

kalyan to thane?

are trainss running from thane to cst? (sent from Kharghar Stn.)

karjat to dombivali??

are the central railway trains on time? (sent from Thane)

What abt ambernath and badlapur trains?? (sent from Ghatkopar)

what abouy titwala-CST (sent from Titwala)

Kurla to badlapur train is running or not

central line chalu aahe ka ? towards CSMT (sent from Airoli Stn.)

Badlapur se CST local chalu hai kya?? (sent from Badlapur)

Dombivli se train chalu he?

train time hai?

train status? (sent from Chunabhatti)

is there mega block tomorrow?

Are trains running fine?  (sent from Andheri)

what about cat karjat trains  (sent from Badlapur)

what about long journey train from cst  (sent from Koparkhairne)

सेंट्रल रेल्वे ... लोकल सुरू आहेत का? towards CSMT (sent from Thakurli)

fast train running or not?  (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)

heard trains have stopped at dadar... is it for central?  (sent from Cst Stn.)

what about thane (sent from Vidyavihar Stn.)

what about ambernath to karjat

what happened (sent from Nahur Stn.)

anyone at asangaon station what about Kalyan train (sent from Asangaon)

what is status of kalyan to khopoli train 8:31

what a relief, train moved after long time (sent from Mulund Stn.)

which train? Kalyan slow? (sent from Thakurli Stn.)

is there thane to dadar train is running now or not??  (sent from Thane)

wats status on badlapur to thane route is it on tym?????? (sent from Badlapur Stn.)

what abt ambernath to thane status (sent from Ambernath)

train band he kya kalyan se? (sent from Badlapur)

trains to kasara are running in time ?

I want to go Koparkhairane from Dhule, Maharashtra.....kaise janeka?

what about karjat trains? (sent from Thane)

kalyan toward badlapur train are running? (sent from Chembur Stn.)

all trains has been stop???

what's the general status for trains? (sent from Badlapur)

what's the status?? (sent from Lower Parel)

is trains are running till Badlapur? (sent from Thane)

I'm standing at CSMT & want to go Thane, any updates? Please share Khopoli train details too..

thane se csmt chalu hai kya????

where the kasara train reach now? (sent from Titwala Stn.)

trains from cst to pune are running or not? (sent from Kalva Stn.)

what status of 10 37 slow trn  (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

what's problem at kalva

any slow train for cst? (sent from Thane)

Ghatkopar to Kalyan train are running?

Kurla to Kalyan train chal rhi ?

is it raining heavily everywhere?  (sent from Mulund)

is central line from kasara to cstm running ?  (sent from Khardi)

train kitni late chal rahi hai? 

train chalu hai from cst to thane? (sent from Masjid Stn.)

is trains on tme frm domb to sahad? (sent from Dombivli)

thank you so much! but are trains running?  (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

anyone coming frm ghatkopr now?please giv the update (sent from Kanjur Marg)

trains band hai kya??

train chalu h kya.. Ulhas se..? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

kurla to Badlapur?????

what about 7.43 kalyan cst (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

what problem (sent from Shahad)

what's the status on CR (sent from Kalva)

what the status of central line trains

Trains working?  (sent from Elphinstone Road Stn.)

where is Karjat csmt arrived (sent from Thane Stn.)

has thane 4:20 train left?  (sent from Bhandup Stn.)

did any train from badlapur leave for cst? (sent from Ambernath Stn.)

Ulhasnagar to Karjat  ? (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)

autos are running in dombivli???? (sent from Kopar)

status amb to  dadar??? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

 paragati express.. ?statua?  (sent from Thane Stn.)

Kasara train status? crossed Nahur? (sent from Mulund Stn.)

what is status of trains from Thane?

what is happening at bhandup & nahur stn. (sent from Vikhroli)

it's raining what in mumbai (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

what's the train status Dadar to kalyan (sent from Bandra Stn.)

train velevar chalu aahet ka?? (sent from Dadar)

what Happened on Thane station?? (sent from Mulund Stn.)

any update on Thane to Neral trains??  (sent from Airoli Stn.)

trains are running on time from ulhasnagar ???? (sent from Shahad)

thane to airoli working?  (sent from Badlapur Stn.)

trains are running or not

dadar to kurla? 

Thane to CST train working ? (sent from Thane)

is the fast train raning 

5:33 Badlapur? (sent from Byculla Stn.)

whats the problem? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

where is 12:37 cstm train (sent from Vidyavihar Stn.)

what about asangone to cst local any one riply (sent from Khadavli)

bhandup to parel?  (sent from Bhandup)

whats the reason? (sent from Shahad)

what is status of trains now?  (sent from Juinagar Stn.)

Is train working from kurla to kalyan properly? (sent from Belapur Cbd Stn.)

what is the status of ulhasnagar station?? Trains are late or not?? (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)

is it raining heavily at between dadar kurla? (sent from Vikhroli)

what is the status of Badlapur stn

is train working fine towards cst?? (sent from Dombivli)

is train available from kalyan to dadar?

 karjat to Cst train chalu he???  (sent from Neral Stn.)

train towards Thane running? (sent from Marine Lines)

trains are on time Karjat to cst.? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

Are train running from TL ?? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

are trains running from Ghatkopar to Kalyan?

what about Kalyan to karjat?? are the trains on time  (sent from Shahad)

where is slow trains (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)

trains from Thane to andheri running?  (sent from Mulund)

kurla to dadar chalu ahe ? (sent from Kurla)

Kalyan to badlapur train status? (sent from Kalyan)

what is status of central local train  (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)

what Time a Titwala Trian (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

why fast train is so late?? (sent from Thane Stn.)

सेवाग्राम एक्स्प्रेस ठाणा हून निघाली का?

it's raining. what in mumbai....??  at Kalyan it's not raining.... but weather is fully dark (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

kalyan to malad?? trains are running proper (sent from Shahad)

any train issues happening between Ghatkoper - Thane like yesterday, or trains are working fine on time? 

what the issue in central lane

titwala 8:33 train on time??? (sent from Titwala Stn.)

ambarnath to cst train status ok?

cst to karjat is on time?? (sent from Kurla Stn.)

trains are running fine?????? (sent from Badlapur)

slow local is best then fast local.. from morning 7:00 am they send 6 mail Express forward.. and that why local of fast are late  (sent from Thane Stn.)

Sion se train,barbar hai kya? (sent from Nahur Stn.)

trains running from Ghatkopar to cst? (sent from Masjid Stn.)

my office is at thane m at kurla ?? what is status (sent from Tilak Nagar Stn.)

what about Thane and dombivali..as have to come for one meeting from borivali..is it advisable to travel?... (sent from Borivali)

what happened to Kashi Express (sent from Dadar)

Isnt that strange heavy rains still train working? hope tommorow condition remains the same (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)

 from titwala 3.40 train of CST is where right now (sent from Titwala Stn.)

karjat trains r working..? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

what is current status (sent from Ambernath)

Kurla to thane fast is running well going ? (sent from Vidyavihar Stn.)

what's the status (sent from Khar Road)

Do they travel daily with you???

what about dombivli 

Parel to thane train chalu hai kya? (sent from Lower Parel)

kitna aur kaha SE? (sent from Ambernath Stn.)

are there trains from Kalyan to karjat? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

where is last train

is train on time from Badlapur? 

Kalyan to CST trains chalu he ???

can anyone plz tell what is the status of Train from Dadar towards thane (sent from Dadar Stn.)

are central line trains working??? (sent from Mulund)

between kasara to Kalyan..? (sent from Ambernath)

from kandivali to parle ? (sent from Kandivali)

train chalu hai aaj?

what is the status about dombivli to parel? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

शहाड ते कल्याण लोकलची काय परिस्थिती आहे ?

Khalid where you are moving ? towards cst? (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

mulund to cstm train is on time?? (sent from Mulund Stn.)

why trains are late today  (sent from Masjid Stn.)

where is karjat trn  (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

badlapur fast train 8.2 on time from thane? (sent from Kalva)

CST khopoli train in time???

from ghatkopar train is in time or not

any trains running from kalyan?? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

War mode Aya kya? (sent from Airoli)

kalyan to Cstm running??

what is the status of ghatkopar to badlapur (sent from Ghatkopar)

status of CST Thane 8:18? (sent from Bandra Stn.)

badlapur se chalu he kya?? (sent from Badlapur)

is there are train running from thane to CSMT

 Dadar to Thane bhid kesi he? (sent from Parel Stn.)

when central line become regular.. Govt need to see instead of making bullet train Normal train need to on time 😣😣

Any problem in Thane kalyan line????  (sent from Kalva)

what is the current situation

what the status for karjat to cst fast (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

r central trains are running on tym?

what is the current status of central line ?

anything from Thane station? are trains on time? 

train's working?? ( badlapur)

cat to titwala  trains chalu he ky ?  (sent from Sandhurst Road Stn.)

is khopoli can't trains are running????? (sent from Khopoli Stn.)

trains are going well from Dadar to Kalyan or not? (sent from Vadala Road)

train on running?

khopoli fast from Ghatkopar 10.23 ka status kya h anyone tell?

train delay towards thane? (sent from Cotton Green Stn.)

when will the karjat fast train reach Kurla? (sent from Kurla Stn.)

kalyan trains are on time.?

what about central line status  (sent from Bandra Stn.)

trains chalu h kya ? (sent from Badlapur)

trains are working properly from dadar to kalyan??  (sent from Kandivali Stn.)

whats the train status from csmt?? (sent from Grant Road)

are trains running from byculla to thane?? (sent from Grant Road Stn.)

?

why are trains are late towards down (sent from Mulund Stn.)

what is the status of Asangaon CSMT fast local 8:13 at kalyan? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

are trains running fine ? (sent from Kalyan)

what is central railway helpline no (sent from Elphinstone Road Stn.)

what about ulhasnagar to karjat (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)

trains Chal rahi hai kya? 

status of thane station? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

are trains running from ghatkopar to badlapur station?

any Updates from Ulhasnagar to ghatkopar?  (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)

karjat thane chalu huaa?

is there any delay or on time

why continue asking train is running on time or not better then stay safe in home n spend  Monday like Sunday in home with family they also not worried for u after u left home for work in this heavy rain  (sent from Ambernath)

is trains rains on time towards CST?

Karjat thane working smoothly?

what's a status og central train? (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)

what is problem in Thane ? (sent from Titwala)

doea central line working from ghatkopar to csmt?

are trains running on time? 

what is the status for 11:30 karjat trainfrom dombivali (sent from Dombivli)

but why? (sent from Nahur Stn.)

csmt to Thane trains working?

train run Mumbra to Kurla?

6.51 fast from Dombivali status? (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)

Karjat trains ?? (sent from Vangani)

ambarnath down local chal rahi h ky ? (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)

 please update Kalva to Kalyan are trains working and on time? (sent from Kalva)

yes, does it make sense some asking status of train which is scheduled after an hour ? I mean kaha se atey hai yeh log (sent from Thakurli Stn.)

what is status of Aasangaon trains?  (sent from Shahad Stn.)

what is the status of c.railway

really?

????  (sent from Masjid Stn.)

what about asangaon train (sent from Borivali)

are train running from Thane to Kalyan?

Thane to can't trains any update ?

is cst trains are on time?

what is the status of central line

cst to thane chalu he kay? (sent from Bandra Stn.)

What is the position of trins (sent from Mulund Stn.)

anyone knows what the problem is ? (sent from Ghatkopar)

Mulund to Kalyan?? (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)

hi ... trains towards cst from thane are working??

is dombivli Dadar train running late? not arrived yet (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

what a status (sent from Kanjur Marg)

what (sent from Shahad)

what is status of central line how much time trains arr delay  (sent from Ambernath Stn.)

last local from dadar to vikhroli?

8:07 Badlapur kaha hai? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

what after Thane ?

??  (sent from Sandhurst Road Stn.)

bcoz of rain train's are on-time no or late?  diva to cst (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)

dadar to cst running ? (sent from Bandra Stn.)

is the train working fine from Ambernath to CST (sent from Vithalwadi Stn.)

R the trains on tym from bhandup?? (sent from Bhandup)

good morning, where has 4:55 A reached (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

koi bataey ga mujhe Ghatkopar se Byculla chalu ha ky? (sent from Vidyavihar)

any updates about ghatkopar to airport area?

is train are running on time?  (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

where is the 7.13pm dadar to kalyan sf train?? (sent from Dadar Stn.)

???? (sent from Dadar Stn.)

are trains working in harbour line? (sent from Kopar Stn.)

is der water loggibg at any plac?? 

currently it is in which station (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

exactly working or not?????  (sent from Karjat)

what's the train problem kalwa to mumbra (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

are trains running on time? (sent from Gtb Nagar Stn.)

trains r on proper time ??? (sent from Currey Road)

सेंट्रल लाइन ला दिवा आणि ठाणे ला काही प्रॉब्लेम झालाय का???

where is 15 car kalyan ?  (sent from Byculla Stn.)

are the trains running from Ghatkopar?

i m from khadwali which train will arrive after 11.30 (sent from Shahad Stn.)

where is pothigaii

nakki kay zalay?

nahit what problems (sent from Vikhroli)

central line is functional?? 

where has fast local from bhandup to cst of 7:48 reached?  (sent from Bhandup Stn.)

where???  (sent from Kings Circle)

yes from ghat. ok trains (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

which stn? (sent from Kalyan)

what about Kasara local from Thane (sent from Thane Stn.)

train running from thane to CST?? (sent from Ghansoli)

what about kurla to mulund  (sent from Mankhurd Stn.)

dombivli to cst train hai kya?

anywhere megablock today??

Guys ,are trains running on time ? (sent from Dombivli)

what about shahad station (sent from Vithalwadi)

what status of Ulhas River??? (sent from Badlapur)

trains working from thane to ghatkopar...? (sent from Thane)

and what about khopoli from kurla (sent from Kurla)

thane to shahad train's are running or not?? (sent from Vashi Stn.)

vikhrkli to Dadar train chaalu hai?? (sent from Vikhroli)

8:30 csmt train why let (sent from Asangaon Stn.)

is there any possibility of trains getting stopped...?? (sent from Kopar Stn.)

anyone at Kalyan ????  (sent from Thakurli Stn.)

3:07 karjat fast left from dadar ??  (sent from Matunga Road Stn.)

what is the current status of locals between Thane to cstm pls update. 

thane to cst trains are working or not?

why Karjat middle lady first class made gents compartment up-to 7 (sent from Thane Stn.)

Karjat local... any update ? (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

any update on metros? (sent from Sion Stn.)

Karjat to kalayn train chalu aahet ka?? (sent from Karjat Stn.)

are trains working from mulund to ghatkopar?

kalayn to dadar train status ???

cst to badlapur train status???

thane me pani bhara hai? (sent from Byculla)

where is karjat train (sent from Thane)

hey I've interview in Thane.Looking at train status shoul I go or not?

ghatkopar to dadar?? 

what's the train status (sent from Goregaon)

7:21 dadar train from Ghatkopar.. where is it?? (sent from Dadar Stn.)

what is status of train from chinchpokli to Vikroli  (sent from Cotton Green Stn.)

where is 8.27 titwala from thane?  (sent from Turbhe Stn.)

where is the issue ... ??  (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

mulund to matunga any issues?

trains are running late??

10.26 fast from Kalyan to CST status plz ? (sent from Vithalwadi)

latest update on trains on central railway? 

what is train status for sion (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

is train going to Dombivli from Ghatkopar? (sent from Mankhurd)

what is a status of Central line trains??? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

what about karjat to cst (sent from Vangani Stn.)

what is status for Kurla to Kalyan??? (sent from Chembur Stn.)

who let train by the Kurla to Dombvali  (sent from Kings Circle Stn.)

what the status of new to dombivali (sent from Sion Stn.)

update status on Ghatkopar to Kalyan trains? are the trains on time??? (sent from Tilak Nagar Stn.)

anyone wants to share cab or auto ? bandup to thane or bha dup to belapur? (sent from Bhandup Stn.)

kalyan to badlapur trains r runing or not??? (sent from Mumbra Stn.)

dombivli to ghatkopar late ? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

Central line is working on time?  (sent from Jogeshwari)

ghatkoper to dadar train functional??? 

what about trains from kurla

thane to cst chalra hai kya???

how to online registration 

central line ki trains kitni late he? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

what is the current status of suburban train

trains start h kya cst k lia??

at where u now (sent from Kalyan)

trains on time ?  (sent from Kalyan)

from Kalyan?

is trains going to mulund? (sent from Badlapur Stn.)

trains are working?? (sent from Vithalwadi)

current status of kalyn to thane  ? 

what about Kalyan and Ulhasnagar  (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

Ghatkopar se Thane train chalu hai kya? (sent from Andheri)

from 15 min waiting for cst train and still not arrived. when local train will be on time. very much irritated by the services  (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

accident kya hua? real hai ya fake? (sent from Shahad)

train chalu aahe aka? (sent from Kalva)

is trains running upward from sion to Dadar?? 

central lines working properly ?? (sent from Kurla)

Are the trains running on time ?

trains running or not? (sent from Matunga Road Stn.)

what is position at dadar (sent from Dadar)

status of central railway? (sent from Thakurli)

thanks malayalee aanale?? (sent from Dombivli)

kurla to Ghatkopar running?

trains are running or not?  from badlapur to cst

badlpur to cst train chalu ahe ka??? (sent from Badlapur Stn.)

why are trains delayed (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

any idea on which platform janshatabdi express going to Nashville comes (sent from Goregaon Stn.)

1:38 from dombivli to cst fast kaha par hai? (sent from Thane Stn.)

when ? still it is in Badlapur?

Jisko pata hai ya stn pe hai wo update karo baki log hinge timepass karna Whatssapp pe chat karo (sent from Mulund)

what's the status of trains frm Kalyan?  (sent from Thakurli Stn.)

what's the status from kalwa (sent from Kalva)

what happen? what is problem 

is 12:25 cst fast train from kalyan on time?  (sent from Vithalwadi Stn.)

what is status Badlapur to Cst  (sent from Badlapur Stn.)

9:47 kalyan dadar status? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

slow train or fast? (sent from Badlapur Stn.)

at what time I caught train at dombivli around 10 o clock still I am in kurla it's one and half hour  (sent from Ghatkopar)

are train running???????? from kalyan station (sent from Kalyan)

Kalyan to Thane status pls ?

no train is in motion.... it's too late why? (sent from Andheri Stn.)

megablock on trans harbor route? (sent from Badlapur)

is there any megablock on Central railway? (sent from Mahalakshmi)

what is the position of 1:01 bl from Amb  (sent from Ambernath)

what abt train status of Kalyan to karjat

kyn to thane mega block.? (sent from Vithalwadi)

Ghatkopar se CST trains status ? (sent from Vidyavihar Stn.)

thane to cst ??? (sent from Thane Stn.)

which slow train is arriving at dadar on plt no 1??? (sent from Dadar Stn.)

BEST buses chalu hai kya ?? (sent from Mankhurd)

train chalu zale ka,,?? from badlapur (sent from Badlapur Stn.)

safe to travel to matunga?? 

is local from titwala to Thane running? plz reply

where is BL fast? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

Kalyan to ambernath train? (sent from Vithalwadi)

Pani abhi bhi track Pai bhara huwa hai Kya ?? (sent from Vithalwadi Stn.)

trains are running from dadr to karjat...?  (sent from Bhayander)

is train on time? (sent from Nahur)

badlapur to thane ka status batao...? (sent from Badlapur)

kya parel se kanjur marg jayegi gadi?

kasara kalyan kya position hai? (sent from Asangaon Stn.)

what status about csmt to kalyan....  (sent from Cst Stn.)

what is status of trains from Thane?

hmmm. now it's time bring in SUBMARINE TRAIN instead of BULLET one, haina? (sent from Badlapur)

what about central train satatusa (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

delay no issue but its running? (sent from Sion Stn.)

CSMT to Thane?

parel stn ? (sent from Parel)

central line going cstm train is late?  (sent from Dadar Stn.)

??? (sent from Virar)

badlapur train chalu aahe ka??? (sent from Thane Stn.)

vikhroli to dadar ?? (sent from Vikhroli)

don't know the problem... what's going...but train stopped (sent from Vidyavihar)

what about kasara to kalyan rout

are trains working from Thane till ghansoli?  (sent from Kanjur Marg)

trains r running  from dadar to thane ? (sent from Bhayander Stn.)

Kurla to CST status? (sent from Govandi Stn.)

konkan rail is working or not working? (sent from Parel)

What about status of central line from Thane to CSMT (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

trains  running properly frm kalyan to cst??

trains are running from kasara to Dadar? (sent from Atgan)

is it ever to step outside in mumbai rain? (sent from Thakurli)

what is the status of central line locals

hello what is the status  (sent from Chunabhatti)

why (sent from Thane Stn.)

kalayan fast ka status? (sent from Dadar Stn.)

any problem in kalyan station? (sent from Kalyan)

trains on time or not?

train status from byculla to Thane ? (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)

what any Dadar to kalyan? (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)

dombivli to thane train running or not??? plz rly (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

what about dadar station towards kasara??

thane to vashi train status? (sent from Kalva)

is there any issue on kurla station (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)

matunga sion ka kya haal hai? (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)

trains running? even if delayed.....

what is stutes kasara to cst 

karjat train?  (sent from Thane Stn.)

Central line ? (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)

is Karjat train from thane on time?

trains from cst to thane on time?  (sent from Nahur)

central slow line from ghatkopar to Thane is runningor not? (sent from Andheri)

are trains running on time towards kalyan? (sent from Thane Stn.)

are train running fine between thane and ghatkopar. Is it crowded?  (sent from Thane)

kurla trains?

konsi train aa rahi hai shahad pe? (sent from Shahad)

dadar to Kalyan train r running?? (sent from Bandra)

Is trains running from thane to CST...? (sent from Bhiwandi Road)

what about kalwa to cst (sent from Kalva Stn.)

Ghatkopar to Kurla trains are working?  (sent from Andheri)

what is status for kopar to karjat

9.29 Badlapur is stopped outsiede Kalyan Station since last 10 odd minutes. What is the problem ahead ? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

kalva ke liye koi train aa rhi h kya ?? (sent from Kalva Stn.)

Kalyan to thane?????

is any water logging between ghatkopar and thane ?

Kalyan to Ghatkopar... are trains running on time ?? 

asangaon kahan pahunchi??? (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

andheri footover bridge collapse that why western railway block  (sent from Thane Stn.)

what is the train status in thane???  pls update

are trans running from sion to kalyan direction...?  (sent from Parel)

anyone from asangaon are trains on right Time?

what central update (sent from Vadala Road)

where is 10.40 dombivli train (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

dombivli se cst train calu hai kya ?

where is 10.48 thane to karjat  (sent from Thane Stn.)

is it raining in Thane? (sent from Dadar Stn.)

??? (sent from Churchgate)

train on cRly slow track delayed in between ghatkopar vikroli and next station any body knows what happened (sent from Bhandup)

how are trains running late?? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

where is it now (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

what is current position (sent from Dombivli)

Train are running late... No train means?? 

parel station ka kya haal hai waterlogging hai ? (sent from Ghatkopar)

train status on slow route?  (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)

Thane se towards Badlapur/Karjat Trains jaa RHA h Kya? (sent from Bhandup)

what is train status (sent from Mumbra Stn.)

is there any rail roko from Thane to Kalyan?  (sent from Vithalwadi)

today is trein ranging? (sent from Sion)

anyone running from mumbra??????

cst train chalu ahe kay? (sent from Kalyan)

?  (sent from Airoli)

thane onwards trains chalu hai kya?

central line chalu hai kya Dadar tak?

are central train running?  (sent from Elphinstone Road)

hi what is the status ? is trains are running on time from dombivali (sent from Dombivli)

 kalyan to ambernath working??? (sent from Atgan)

train are working to vidyavihar to dombivali..?

How abt trains towards mumbai (sent from Dombivli)

what's the status between asangaon and Kalyan

mcd nahi jaana hai kya...??? (sent from Matunga Road)

what is status of train from Sion to Ghatkopar (sent from Gtb Nagar)

so mulund k aage train band hai kya??? 

what is status of CR from CSMT to Thane (sent from Cst)

why should a common man suffer. who will pay for the loss of a day of a common man and apart from which all the natak of pelting stones and all is fone? (sent from Mulund)

dombivali to cat train position ? (sent from Nilje)

is train running Kurla to Dadar..? (sent from Vile Parle Stn.)

what about byculla to ghatkopar situation  (sent from Byculla Stn.)

what about 11.31 khopoli last fast train (sent from Dadar Stn.)

r trains running frm thane to Ambernath? (sent from Airoli Stn.)

CST fast local kasara CST?? status. Will board at Mulund

is central line working properly? (sent from Bhandup)

kalyan sct chalu h kya???? (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)

what about thane train? (sent from Kalyan)

 r the trains on time? (sent from Nahur Stn.)

train status? 

trains from dombivali to kurla .... could you please update? (sent from Sanpada Stn.)

what is porablm  (sent from Airoli)

Kalyan 8.50 which time expect dombivali (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

ambarnath station pe kya hua? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

what is the status of train from ghatkopar to kalyan

is there is a mega block between kalyan to csmt (sent from Ambivli Stn.)

what is current position of trains from thane to cst (sent from Thane)

is there rush at mulund station? (sent from Mulund)

is Sion station flooded ? (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

from Mulund to karjat train r working ?  (sent from Mulund)

CST train status..???

कल्याण ट्रेन सुरु आहे का? (sent from Mumbai Central Stn.)

where is thane badlapur train  (sent from Thakurli)

are trains running from Dombivali to Ambernath?? (sent from Nahur Stn.)

what happened? 

fast rain is working or what  (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

m at mumbra.. why trns not moving towards kalyan? (sent from Mumbra Stn.)

what happened actually why late (sent from Kanjur Marg)

where is khopoli train (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

what are they saying  (sent from Mulund Stn.)

 what about kalwa to ghatkopar  (sent from Kalva)

trains are running on time? 

Thane Badlapur train is it available?

Karla to cstm? (sent from Gtb Nagar Stn.)

can anyone tell the condition of thane station, are train towards dadar running ?? (sent from Bhiwandi Road)

what is the status between csmt and kalyan (sent from Charni Road Stn.)

Titwala cst train chalu ahet ka?? (sent from Ambivli)

sf an ?? (sent from Chembur Stn.)

train chalu  aahet ka badlapur Varun towards CST ?

badlapur to ghatkopar status please?

??? (sent from Mulund)

what is the problem now

what ???   problem  Kay hey (sent from Kalyan)

what is update cst to kalyan  (sent from Churchgate Stn.)

what about badlapur train towards Mumbai? (sent from Badlapur)

can anyone tell if trains are running between thane can't?

Ghatkopar to Dadar train chalu he kya??? (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

what is the status from chinchpokli to thane (sent from Chinchpokli Stn.)

plz tell where khopoli trn frm. kalyan 

karjat train - any delays ? (sent from Badlapur Stn.)

any new for Ambernath?? for UP locals (sent from Ambernath)

what is the status of Klyn to Kasara  (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

is kasara to cstms line working?

what is the status for trains going out of mumbai (sent from Santa Cruz Stn.)

what's wrong with Titwala slow?  (sent from Kopar)

is CST to Thane running? someone please update! (sent from Cst Stn.)

There was technical issue for one train between curry Road and parel. So all trains are delayed mainly on up line from Thane towards Csmt. There seems no much issues on fast track. People stop asking what is the issue. you can get the status if scroll up little bit.  (sent from Thakurli Stn.)

i am in cst no one train will come y? (sent from Cst Stn.)

बदलापुर ते ठाणे रेल्वे चालू आहे का ? (sent from Badlapur)

what is status  ghatkopar  to cst? (sent from Ghatkopar)

can any body please tell whats the status of trains betwen kalyan to karjat?  (sent from Thakurli)

are the fast trains running properly from Dadar...?

koi announcement hui...? 

dombivli to thane? is it working (sent from Dombivli)

how the status of Thane to dadar? (sent from Thane)

is train is running frm ulhas to cst??

kya bhai train bohat late hai (sent from Parel Stn.)

are trains running from cst to ghatkopar?

Are trains running from cst to thane? (sent from Churchgate Stn.)

are u sure??which bride?

Thane to Karjat??

why 8.44 from ambernath is late today (sent from Ambernath Stn.)

Any update on thane cst slow status ? (sent from Thane Stn.)

siddheshwar express is on time or delay?? (sent from Bhandup Stn.)

is kurla to kAlyan trains are running??

what is the status o f train from Thane to cst...? (sent from Elphinstone Road Stn.)

what's about today Dombivali to Bhandup 

why would they ?  (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

then how u said it was fine (sent from Airoli)

parel to kalyan travelling? is it safe ? and is there any water logging near dadar station? (sent from Elphinstone Road)

Dombivali to kasara what's states 

hi Bhandup to Matunga trains are on time or not ? (sent from Bhandup)

? (sent from Kalva)

can someone plzz update the running status of train from Kalyan to cst? (sent from Vithalwadi)

trains on time??on central line (sent from Kalyan)

how much time more it will take to reach ambernath? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

ulhasngar till dombivli chalu hai kya ???🎂 (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

are training on time?  (sent from Govandi Stn.)

thane se train kitna let hai ?

and what about 11:49??

thane se dombivali train chalu hai kya?? (sent from Thane Stn.)

what is status badlapur thane train  (sent from Badlapur)

titwala se cst train chalu hai kya? (sent from Chinchpokli Stn.)

train are running or not?plz someone tell (sent from Vithalwadi)

guys no body knows what happened  (sent from Chunabhatti Stn.)

what status u want (sent from Mahim Jn Stn.)

kalyan to dadar chalu hai kya?? (sent from Vithalwadi)

kalyan to kalva station train running??

Trains r working or not?? (sent from Byculla Stn.)

what's status of cst to kalyan  (sent from Diva Jn)

what is status of trains today (sent from Shahad)

Train Kalyan side jaane ka late h Kya??

Cst vr n kalyan la yenya satyi train? (sent from Thakurli)

are trains are on time at vikhroli? (sent from Vikhroli)

water logging between kalwa,mumbra ??? (sent from Thakurli)

status of central line towards cst ? (sent from Airoli)

Ghatkopar to ambernath train status??? 

anyone here who knows, why jethalal actually went to senorita island? (sent from Kalyan)

are trains running from thane to ambernath?

vikhroli to Thane ? (sent from Vikhroli)

ghatkopar platform 1 situation ??? (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

kalyan to thane chalu h?

has karjat first fast train left from dombivli already? can anyone please tell (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

thane to Cst working? (sent from Thane)

Thane mai hault tha na trains? (sent from Dombivli)

byculla to Thane ?? (sent from Lower Parel)

why are the trains late? what is the problem with cenrtral line, does anyone knows?  (sent from Thakurli)

dombivli status?? (sent from Kopar)

now where it is? (sent from Bhandup Stn.)

what's the status???????

how much late

what is the status at dombivali station (sent from Kopar)

Are trains working fine?  (sent from Kanjur Marg)

r trains running on time? (sent from Kalyan)

thane to kurla ? (sent from Ambernath)

Kalyan to vikhroli train ? (sent from Vithalwadi)

vikhroli to virar train chlu hai Kay? (sent from Vikhroli)

congrats for the new job...best of.luck for that and wel one to mumbai my friend...this is how it works... (sent from Ghatkopar)

kalyan dombival train are running ?

mulund to dadar trains any update? 

Thane to panvel status? (sent from Rabale)

Anyone at dombivali?? what's status for Cst line??  (sent from Nilje)

दादर to अंबरणाथ ट्रेन चालु आहेत का? (sent from Vile Parle)

which line, central or western? (sent from Thane Stn.)

thane to kalyan ?

are trains on time? (sent from Vikhroli)

what abt 7:52 fast to cst (sent from Badlapur)

what about train from titwala to thane (sent from Ambivli Stn.)

are trains running on right time? (sent from Ambernath Stn.)

where is karjat to csmt fast local  (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

12951 Mumbai. rajdhani aaj chalegi or not

thane to cstm status?

going somewhere r what poo...  (sent from Vasind)

okay.. delay by??  (sent from Shahad)

what is the status of Diva-Vasai passenger?

Sion -matunga fine? (sent from Panvel)

 Train status from dombivli  till ghatkopar anyone?? please  

train status from shahd to CST...? (sent from Shahad)

kashi express train no.  15017 when to start regularly

 kalyan to thane train ? (sent from Kalyan)

is central train are running ?

gm....amb to cst status? (sent from Ambernath Stn.)

cst to ghtkpr status plz ? (sent from Churchgate Stn.)

where has the engine failed?  (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

any updates of thane to mumbra???  (sent from Rabale Stn.)

r trains running late? (sent from Kurla Stn.)

sion status?  (sent from Airoli Stn.)

डोंबिवली ते दादर ट्रेन चालू आहेत का??? (sent from Dombivli)

when will train come (sent from Byculla Stn.)

 trains are late or correct time? 

are trains available from parel to kalyan?

train are working from dadar to thane? (sent from Dahisar)

is the central line working

what about Kalyan to CST any mega block issue ?  (sent from Kalyan)

Wt is status of cental line? (sent from Kharghar)

OHE wire broken..? between Vitthalwadi and Kalyan is it TRUE? 

which is the next train from badlapur from ulhasnagar? (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)

are trains running fine between Kalyan and Thane?

What's the update Ghatkopar to cst (sent from Ghatkopar)

Currey road to ghatkopar trains are running ? (sent from Lower Parel)

whats status frm thane to kalyan ?  (sent from Koparkhairne Stn.)

trains are on time? from mulund to cst (sent from Mulund)

let me know when it reaches Thane stn, if you are catching the same train  (sent from Mulund Stn.)

 train  is  on  time.....???  (sent from Vithalwadi)

status towards kalyan?  (sent from Vikhroli)

is the train is working from Cst to Thane  (sent from Cst Stn.)

panvel to kulra /thane ?

From kalyan to dadar train platform number? 

central trains are late ?? (sent from Vikhroli)

What about BL and Karjat Trains ????? (sent from Kalva)

is the khopoli train of 7:54 delayed??? from.ghatkopar (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

is it advisable to go to cst today? (sent from Dombivli)

where is Badlapur Dadar  (sent from Vithalwadi Stn.)

thane to kasara status?

train are running on time? (sent from Jogeshwari)

is there any train delay in central line (sent from Sion Stn.)

trains from Ambernath on time? (sent from Ambernath Stn.)

15 car kalyan cst status? (sent from Thane Stn.)

bhandup to dadar ? gharse bahar niklu ya nahi (sent from Bhandup Stn.)

what about kurla to munbra??

whats the issue? (sent from Ghatkopar)

no problem any where reached Carn from thane  25 mins late (sent from Cst Stn.)

kalyan se dombivli train chalu hai kya?(send from kalyan stn) (sent from Kalyan)

where has klyn to  kurla train reached?  (sent from Andheri Stn.)

status of train timings? (sent from Badlapur)

what's the status of Katjat train plz updat (sent from Ambernath)

train r working now? (sent from Vidyavihar Stn.)

anybody knows exactly what problem going on? (sent from bhandup)

?  (sent from Kurla Stn.)

Train chalu hai kya dombivli to cst ?? (sent from Dombivli)

what about central railway run (sent from Mulund Stn.)

what do you about cst to kalyan (sent from Mumbai Central Stn.)

Dadar to KALYAN train running properly?  (sent from Vithalwadi)

what is the status of central line today (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)

status?

Ghatkopar status? (sent from Nerul Stn.)

any update ?

what about train at dadar ?it was going to come at 2.9  (sent from Dadar Stn.)

guys can any 1 tell me can we go fr vashi from gtb station??????????? (sent from Kings Circle)

train status?? (sent from Thane)

Kanjurmarg to Cst Working..? 

woh chalu hai kya chai wala ? 

Thane to cst slow train available? (sent from Airoli)

from where sangita  (sent from Masjid Stn.)

what (sent from Dombivli)

are trains running in kalyan? (sent from Borivali Stn.)

Haath me phone hai toh yaha pe hagna zaruri hai kya ? 🤔😐 (sent from Govandi Stn.)

4:27????? (sent from Vidyavihar Stn.)

ट्रेन चालू आहे का? (sent from Bhandup)

6:55 badlapur csmt fast .?? where is it (sent from Dadar Stn.)

what about cst to karjat train?

thanks see Kalyan chaluu hai Kya?? (sent from Panvel Stn.)

what's about var train 

is Ghatkopar train running?

what is the status of trains are trains running on time  (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

11.30 kasara cst on time? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

train running on time? (sent from Vikhroli)

mumbai pune???

whts the status for kalyan to thane..??

trains chalu aahe ka? (sent from Vidyavihar)

central ki trains kitni late chal rhi h? (sent from Titwala)

what about CST to Karjat train

nope????? (sent from Ghatkopar)

kurla to ghatkopar what's the status? (sent from Mankhurd Stn.)

where is Asangaon 10.25 at Kalyan (sent from Shahad Stn.)

kurla se mumbra chalu h??

Bhai Ghatkopar to Thane status?

I can't see any post regarding my query. Status of down trains from Dadar, and water logging at Sion-Kurla area?  (sent from Borivali)

hi are train working properly? (sent from Badlapur Stn.)

hi.. what abt Thane to cst ?

where is amernath bhandup stopping train (sent from Bhandup Stn.)

what is status or Ghatkopar to kanjurmarg (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)

Kalyan to karjat ?

slow train?

whts the status of central line??? (sent from Bhandup)

hey there are any trains from Ghatkopar to Parel???  (sent from Andheri)

current status of mumbra Railway Station...??

all train are late ??

are trains working!??

kurla to vikroli working ? (sent from Govandi)

kurla to ghatkopar train status? (sent from Kharghar Stn.)

badlapur to CST status ? (sent from Badlapur)

is there any probl. for central railway (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

what's train status (sent from Dombivli)

kalyan to titwala train chalu ahe ka?

where is kalyan fast (sent from Kurla Stn.)

kalyan see train nikali Kya?? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

thane station status???

trains in central line normal now?  (sent from Seawood Darave Stn.)

trains are on time????

where is asangaon train

where is 7 39 karjat train (sent from Badlapur Stn.)

is it going ahead after Kalwa?? (sent from Dombivli)

what @ Pune express ??  (sent from Thakurli)

can anyone tell what abt cst (sent from Mumbra)

is any problem with train at Kalyan (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

 don't ask questions. only those who are in train or at platform give status of train at that particular station. all others just read msg (sent from Elphinstone Road)

are trains running from ghatkoper to badlapur???

How is Ambernath to kalyan

VT to Ghatkoper- trains running properly? (sent from Masjid Stn.)

are fast train running on time? (sent from Mulund Stn.)

how r u (sent from Nahur Stn.)

Are d trns frm khopoli on time??  (sent from Neral Stn.)

Ghatkopar se trains hai?

kalyan to thane train are running or not? (sent from Vithalwadi)

is there any interruption at kalva (sent from Kalva)

badlapur to kalyan train ka status kya he? (sent from Badlapur)

why slow trains r not running properly  (sent from Bhandup)

how r cst to thane train status.. are they running on time.. (sent from Mira Road)

Kalyan to Thane ???? (sent from Kalyan)

kurla to Kalyan running? (sent from Chunabhatti)

what the status at badlapur

Trains from titwala to CST ?? (sent from Ambivli Stn.)

kurla to CST any update? please (sent from Sion Stn.)

what is the status of karjat n Kalyan 

kalwa to thane is working? (sent from Kalva)

Has the fast train left from kalyan (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

towards kalyan or cst? (sent from Kalyan)

is train operating or not in central line? (sent from Elphinstone Road Stn.)

what's the status of train ? I want to travel Mulund (sent from Matunga Stn.)

what about asangaon train  (sent from Vashi Stn.)

Hi. Are trains functioning from CST?  (sent from Cst Stn.)

badlapyt ke liye train hai kya ??? chalu  (sent from Tilak Nagar)

trains time pe hai Kay Kalyan too cst? (sent from Kalyan)

what is status of sion station  (sent from Sion)

Ankita All Fine There?

what is status frm kalwa to cst??

kab se ye suvidha Milne LAGI????Andheri to Dombivali? (sent from Cst Stn.)

Badlapur to Thane trains are running??  (sent from Badlapur Stn.)

गाड्या वेळेवर आहेत का? (sent from Thakurli)

are you sure. from which station? is the whole line shut? (sent from Goregaon Stn.)

are trains from thane to cst working fine????

what about kalyan station... water log?

what is status of 10:42 Thane CST?  (sent from Thane)

hi. are trains from cst to thane on time?

whr is 8:41 cst fast from kalyan?? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

badlapur to mulund? (sent from Churchgate)

train from Thane for dombivli there?

6 01 asangaon fast thane se nikli kya? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

is Trains on time? 

pls anyone can u let me know are trains running on time from dadar to kalyan?

thane dadar se nikal gayi kya ? (sent from Bandra Stn.)

what about kurla ghatkopar  (sent from Turbhe Stn.)

what about train status (sent from Mahim Jn Stn.)

pubg anyone?

slow train chalu ahet ka ??...Kalyan to Thane? (sent from Dombivli)

is there all trains are running on time..?...from ulhasnagar..?

what is the status from dombivali to thane (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

DADAR se KARJAT train srtatus pls? (sent from Mahim Jn Stn.)

Are trains are running on time frim thane to badlapur.? 

kalyan kasara??

What is the status of train between Kurla to Dadar (sent from Tilak Nagar Stn.)

cst to ghatkopar trains are working? (sent from Masjid)

dadar ???

is diva vasai train running on time??

central line train chalu hai kya? (sent from Vidyavihar Stn.)

every one is asking,Is any one there to answer??? (sent from Chembur Stn.)

guyzz is central line trains also stopped ? (sent from Chunabhatti)

where is titwala to dadar train? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

where is 10.13 ambarnath cst fast local..? (sent from Dombivli)

what is the train situation from kalyan tocst  (sent from Nilje)

what about after 7:28 ghtkopar to kalyan

kasara Mumbai train running ?

who all are in kalyan train, which is stuck ahead of  nahur. get down and proceed to nahur station n hire other mode of transport (sent from Nahur Stn.)

where ia the karjat train which comes at kalyan  at 12.43 (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

where exactly is the khopoli fast train? (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

what time late trnis

badlapur to kalyan chalu jaali ahe ka ?? (sent from Elphinstone Road Stn.)

where is karjat fast (sent from Thane Stn.)

trains chalu he? (sent from Dombivli)

train status thane titwala??

ghatkopar to badlapur ? (sent from Belapur Cbd)

central line trains are available or not? (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)

is trains r running towards Thane frm Badlapur? (sent from Badlapur Stn.)

whts the central line status from thane to cst?

8:27 Amber nath  nikla kta time pe!?

12:53 walo fast train at Kalyan, coming from Karjat going to CST, kaha pochi?  (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

are faat train going till dadar?  

Kal to cst trains are working or not?  (sent from Kalyan)

thane station ka kya haal hai?? (sent from Vithalwadi)

Traina are running normal? (sent from Churchgate)

?  (sent from Kurla Stn.)

what is the status of train ambernath to cst

what about Kurla and Sion station position?

ambernath se train hai kya? (sent from Ambernath)

WATS is currently status of Kurla to cst ???

ambernath local?  (sent from Kalva Stn.)

kalyan to ambernath and onwards traims are moving??? (sent from Kalva Stn.)

dadar to Thane ?? (sent from Malad Stn.)

where is 8.46 khopoli from cst (sent from Shahad)

kitna late chal rahi h trains??

why is th

are you sure? (sent from Ghansoli Stn.)

kya status h central line ka? (sent from Mahalakshmi)

should I leave from Karjat to thane?? (sent from Neral Stn.)

come on answer 4 nahur? (sent from Nahur Stn.)

what about dadar to mulund? (sent from Vikhroli)

badlapur to cst side trains are late ???? (sent from Badlapur)

kalyan to Assangaon trens are running or not

what happened between mumbra and diva ?? (sent from Mumbra Stn.)

Asangaon 10.25 from kalyan is running in time???? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

Thane to Kurla? (sent from Airoli)

thane to cst fast train status? (sent from Airoli Stn.)

are trains started on time from badlapur ?

is there train from unr to thane..? (sent from Shahad Stn.)

where is khopoli fast ? (sent from Kurla Stn.)

wat abt khopoli train  7.42? (sent from Dadar Stn.)

wht the trains from vikroli to dombivali......??? (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)

what about fast trains? (sent from Mumbai Central)

have trains started towards Karjat from Kalyan ? (sent from Tilak Nagar)

Karjat train on time? Ghatkopar commuters pl reply.  (sent from Mulund Stn.)

what is issue between nahur n mulund (sent from Cst Stn.)

what is status of down kasara train

shahad to thane trains? 

what's the central line train status..??  (sent from Vithalwadi Stn.)

what about central  (sent from Dombivli)

issues? (sent from Chembur)

How many minutes train delay right now  (sent from Dativali)

thane to kalyan train chalu hai kya?

kurla to dada 🚆 train chalu aahe ka ?

 train is on time or not? (sent from Mulund)

is local late ?

is there rain in kurla (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

hi guys, is there a Thane Dadar morning local?  (sent from Matunga Road Stn.)

train from thane to cstm???

transharbour barabar chalrha he kya? (sent from Tilak Nagar Stn.)

status of train?

where is karjat trn (sent from Chunabhatti Stn.)

why central railway trains are delay 

kalyan to cst late hai kya ? (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)

those who are still in home do not leave as central railway already cancelled many trains  (sent from Vashi Stn.)

Today lot of Rumours were spread train stopped not running n all .Kindly don't spread such incorrect or Rumours .We need to help each other n share correct genuine news which will be useful for all of us ....We need to make the use of dis app in right way which will help each n every individual. (sent from Thakurli Stn.)

kasara to cstm train available??? 

are trains on time from Shahad?? (sent from Shahad)

9.50 thane local has left from cst.?  (sent from Chinchpokli Stn.)

train is running on time..?? (sent from Dockyard Road Stn.)

bhivpuri waterfall is safe to go?? (sent from Badlapur)

isssu with slow train or with fast trains also?? (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)

what's the problem between bhandup and nahur (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)

what about LTT? Is it waterlogged? (sent from Badlapur)

nahur to thane train hai kya??

any update about karjat khopoli trains??? (sent from Cotton Green Stn.)

when it is reserved for ladies from both the end (sent from Mumbra)

karjat khopli tren chalu ahe ka?

Nasik la jayche ahe Jan Shatabdi cancel jhali ahe ka???? (sent from Parel)

which are the stations having train problem due to rain? (sent from Vithalwadi)

what is d status

from kurla to dombavli??? (sent from Chunabhatti)

where is my train  (sent from Vasind Stn.)

local train proper chal rahi h kya ? (sent from Kalyan)

? (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)

dude.. seriously? (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

Trains on Central Line on time???

ghatkopar to thane?? 

what is current status

Any Idea....????? (sent from Bhandup Stn.)

central line working or not? (sent from Churchgate)

central train status abt Kalyan to cst ?? (sent from Vidyavihar)

where is this train ????

Trains from ambernath is on time towards cat?? (sent from Bandra)

any issues? (sent from Vangani Stn.)

Mulund to csmt status....? (sent from Mulund)

pls reply. trains in kurla n sion??? (sent from Shahad)

karjat to csmt...??

are trains are running from Kalyan to csmt?

what is status at CST  (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

all central line train is on time or not? (sent from Shelu Stn.)

what's problem with train I m at Sion station train is going slowly (sent from Gtb Nagar Stn.)

Mumbra to CST chalu hai kya??? please replay

How's the line from Thane to Ghatkopar?

what is status of sion Station  (sent from Sion)

9:45 CST ? (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

is there any block tomorrow Thane to Neral (sent from Panvel Stn.)

what abt water at matunga...

what about dadar to kurla??? (sent from Khar Road Stn.)

can someine update me about Sion? (sent from Andheri)

is all up and down line working fine???

What is the status of CST fast?? (sent from Thane)

what is status of CST to kalyan trains (sent from Mira Road)

trains are on time?? (sent from Shahad)

water logging in sion?  (sent from Ghatkopar)

what is current train status? (sent from Thakurli Stn.)

kurla to cst? status (sent from Vidyavihar)

any update on slow trains ??  (sent from Thane Stn.)

current status frm thane to ambernath?????

sahyadri express train status?

what's the problem (sent from Chunabhatti)

diva to kalyan localnyrain status??? (sent from Panvel Stn.)

dadar to thane?

what is the current status?I want to travel from Dombivli to Andheri in the afternoon (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

central line is working?

thane to dadar trains are running or not?

ghatkpar to dombivali train status? (sent from Ghatkopar)

kela status? (sent from Kalva)

ambernath ke liye trains ja rahi h kya dadar se?  (sent from Matunga Road Stn.)

asangaon fast train 7.04 status ??? (sent from Vikhroli)

from cst to Kalyan ???

current status of karjat csmt train? (sent from Kalyan)

ghatkopar to dombivali train chalu hai l...?

intercity from pune to mumbai is cancelled.. any  reasons??

ata dinbivali train kuthey ahe? (sent from Dombivli)

karjet local status ? chalu hai ya band hai (sent from Gtb Nagar)

from Thane to cst ?

Are trains on time? (sent from Vikhroli)

bhai kB TK add Kroge?

on time? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

CST to Thane train chalu hai Kya??? (sent from Masjid Stn.)

hi pls udate trains are running properly or not

parel to thane any updates of locals? (sent from Elphinstone Road Stn.)

what is the current status  (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)

cst se ghatkopar tari chalu hai kya ??? (sent from Cst Stn.)

is 8:21 local on time? (sent from Shahad Stn.)

what about 10 36 CSMT  (sent from Ambernath Stn.)

have to go from thane to jogeshwari for internship.. should I take the risk ?

is it true ?

what is the status of 757 Kurla Kalyan (sent from Kalyan)

Are trains are running from badlapur.?  (sent from Badlapur)

sab train band hai kya? (sent from Thane Stn.)

are there still conditions bad at sion?

kasara train timing?

is this so important for u?

badlapur to dadar train please current status,,?

is train on time or not...? 

are all trains working????

Badlapur Thane KY status aahe??

train time pe hai? (sent from Vasind Stn.)

does local trains of central suburbs are actually running on schedule today?

6.52 Amb local left from kyn? (sent from Ambernath Stn.)

what about train status ??? late??? (sent from Currey Road Stn.)

towards csmt? (sent from Sion Stn.)

ठाणे ते छ.शि.म.ट. ट्रेन चालु आहेत का? (sent from Mulund Stn.)

kanjurmarg to ambetnath train hai Kya? (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)

what about bombivli to cst (sent from Dombivli)

wats update in dadar and kurla abt rain?? (sent from Badlapur Stn.)

csmt side जानेवाले ट्रेन time पर है क्या??

dadar to thane train hai? (sent from Parel)

vidhyavihar slow train rukegi ki nahi? (sent from Vidyavihar)

are trains running on time from thane to kalyan?

what about CST to Kalyan (sent from Sion Stn.)

Ambernath to Kalyan????kiti late aahe train???? (sent from Ambernath Stn.)

where is cst fast train?  (sent from Thane Stn.)

are trains running from ghatkopar to ambernath? 

Thane to kasara train ?!!

9:10 asangaon from kya nikli ki nhi ??? (sent from Titwala Stn.)

can any one tell the status of train between Sion Kurla?? (sent from Thakurli Stn.)

where is it stoppee (sent from Thakurli Stn.)

situation at Thane station? 

dumbo check where r u posting

what is train status from Dadar to masjid bunder??  (sent from Dadar Stn.)

kalyan to thane trains running or not? (sent from Rabale)

Guys..pl read the msg history...Pl dont ask same questions again which was asked by others...Lets wait for update  (sent from Thakurli)

what from neral (sent from Neral Stn.)

csmt to ghatkopar train chalu hai kya? (sent from Cst Stn.)

Bhandup to Ghatkopar? what is the status (sent from Bhandup Stn.)

train chalu hai.......? (sent from Rabale)

cst to parel train status? (sent from Churchgate Stn.)

are trains on time?

center line working or not

is there mega block tomorrow (sent from Khar Road)

how is kalyan now

are down trains working from thane to ambarnath ?

anybody can tell me 5:46 Badlapur from Kalyan station status plz?? 

whats the status of thane trains? is dadar bandd? 

kalva to Dadar chalu hai kya? (sent from Kalva)

kitna delay hai??

trains are running or not? (sent from Thane Stn.)

what's the train status??? towards cst (sent from Bhandup)

trains running ? (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)

update between Badlapur and Kalyan?

is there any water log in any of the stations ...

plz like chat... becuse other wise people will ask same questions again  (sent from Vangani)

what shall be probability of train that  run from Mumbai to pune (sent from Andheri)

thane to dadar train are working?

thane to karjat trains r late? (sent from Thane)

I want to leave office now. has anyone crossed Kurla Sion?  (sent from Lower Parel)

where is the khopoli train ? (sent from Ambernath)

which train for badlapur from vidhyavihar (sent from Vidyavihar Stn.)

thane to kasara kay update ?

is it really slow?? (sent from Ambernath Stn.)

6:51 CST FAST? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

no body know what happened (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

KYN to csmt local trains working or not

Thane to belapur status? any body idea trin is late or cancel? (sent from Nahur Stn.)

are trains running smoothly on central line? (sent from Dombivli)

Sunday megablock on central line? ????? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

trains are running?

what train status (sent from Vikhroli)

Are trains running for Goregaon to CST ?

kiti late?  (sent from Badlapur)

very very bad services provided by railway they have no sense how many people reach there office late ...I m also got late half an hour. (sent from Nahur Stn.)

train status? (sent from Nilje)

trains are running properly na on central lines whether up or down?? please comment 

how about kanjur to sion ?

are the trains running from chembur to panvel? (sent from Govandi)

badlapur se fast trn kalyan tak pochi kya.??

कर्जत छ.शि.म,ट ट्रेन चालु आहेत काय ?

guys, trains from ulhasnagar on time ??  (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

kangur Marg  to Kurla Stu's???? plzzz it's urgent (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)

what are problem (sand to Kalyan)

8:13 cst train from kalyan just left... also friends who started early have reached CST... no major train issue so far  (sent from Kalyan)

when train is about to start from Ghansoli to Thane plzz reply (sent from Ghansoli Stn.)

or delays? (sent from Kalva)

what is the status at Kanjur marg cst (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)

guys, what is status of Central Railway?

train chalu he kya?

are trains running from badlapur station?  (sent from Vikhroli)

How is the train frequency in Nahur? (sent from Airoli)

status of up trains from Dombivli? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

Thane to Kalyan train chal raha hai kya ? (sent from Thane)

where is 9:56 (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

??

kalyan to karjat chalu aahet ka? (sent from Badlapur)

 Are central railway trains running in between karjat to Dadar? as I am coming from kolhapur by train. Pls let me know 

badlapur to cst chalu he kya train?  (sent from Badlapur)

are there trains Frm kalyan to kurla?

are train going till thane??? (sent from Sandhurst Road Stn.)

hi just got to know that trains are running late at least by 30 mins.. there is waterlogging on tracks..in dadar now there is no heavy rains.. it's drizzling here.. so all those who are in office, leave by 5 , if you leave now,  you may take longer time to reach our sweet home..  (sent from Lower Parel)

what. about Thane East to ghodbunder road.. ac buses are running? (sent from Airoli Stn.)

shahad to cst...? (sent from Shahad)

ambernath to thane??? 

ghatkopar to cst? 

trains running from airoli to thane? (sent from Airoli)

are vashi to kurla trains late? (sent from Vashi)

fast train status fron thane to dadar??

Ab mumbra ruk rahi hai ya nahi..??? (sent from Sandhurst Road Stn.)

are the trains running between bhandup to cst? 

is there train to airoli from seawoods

down trains status please? (sent from Thane)

karjat train chalu ahet ka ?

please rply kurla to kalyan..?? (sent from Mankhurd Stn.)

what's the status of central railway dombivli to cst (sent from Dombivli)

is train running from diva to cst  ???

what about kalyan (sent from Vikhroli)

mulund to parel train is running or not? 

there is no A/C train on central line? (sent from Dadar Stn.)

kurla to csmt ? (sent from Vidyavihar)

Give update when train arrives (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

asangaon side trains are running on time?  (sent from Andheri Stn.)

update about karjat train? (sent from Khar Road Stn.)

kaha pe hai abi train? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

8.24 slow local from thane running on time???

what is train status (sent from Grant Road)

how's condition at thane st?

so? (sent from Chunabhatti)

kalyan to badlapur trains are on time ??? (sent from Kalyan)

what is status about cst train (sent from Vidyavihar Stn.)

train stuck between kanjur n thane any update why (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)

Where is Cst train ?

war about diva vasai shuttle train??

mumbra to vidya vihar ???? status plz

are the trains working beyond thane? (sent from Ambernath)

kalyan to cst tren chalu ahet ka ?.... (sent from Kalyan)

central line Working Normally ?? (sent from Marine Lines Stn.)

why are train late from kurla to kalyan (sent from Kurla Stn.)

dadar to Thane ??? trains r there  (sent from Dadar Stn.)

what about the other side?

Dadar se Kalyan ke root par koi megablock hai kya aaj ?? (sent from Dadar Stn.)

karjat to  Kalyan  local suru ahet ka???? (sent from Badlapur)

are trains working from thane to Panvel? (sent from Kanjur Marg)

is it advisable to catch train now? (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)

where is udyan express (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

What is the probem on. Down slow.. Central railway at the moment

what is the problem between kurla n Sion? (sent from Kurla)

Ambernath to dadar trns working or not?? 

is central line working .?

Navi Mumbai madhy paus ahe ka...??? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

Kalyan pasun train band ahet ka? (sent from Badlapur)

kurla k baahar voh idli waala hai kya? (sent from Dadar Stn.)

what happned yar (sent from Mulund Stn.)

what about from ulhasnagar to Thane?? (sent from Shahad)

please any one tell me kyn to badlapur current trains status? (sent from Kalyan)

8,46 CSTM left from Kalyan?  (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

cn anyone tell trains are running ? (sent from Lower Parel)

it's not flooded at Vikhroli right??  (sent from Charni Road Stn.)

Ulhasnagar to Kalva? what is d status of slow train?  (sent from Ambernath)

is train is on time? (sent from Koparkhairne)

is there rush from Dadar?

train on time? (sent from Vithalwadi)

thane se aage kalyan side train ja rahe hai kya? (sent from Mulund)

What is train status (sent from Thane Stn.)

which accident 

is mumbai on strike? (sent from Bhandup)

Kharghar to thane, thane se kalyan trains chaalu hai kya?? 

?? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

what is the status for Andheri to panvel (sent from Andheri Stn.)

Ghatkopar to Thane chalu hai na?!!

please let me know what is the status of trains from ghatkopar to dombivli  (sent from Govandi Stn.)

train running status ??? (sent from Nalla Sopara)

Train's are on time??

train is working?

what is current status of the local train (sent from Mahim Jn)

what problem in Kalyan,  Vithalwadi me train rukaya hai kabse

ok what about western till mumbai central (sent from Dombivli)

Asangaon to cst? 

what is the issue (sent from Kalva Stn.)

where is last karjat (sent from Mumbra Stn.)

thane to ambarnath ?

is there problem after thane? (sent from Mulund Stn.)

is there any update from Thane about trains  (sent from Ambernath Stn.)

train status?? (sent from Virar)

Hi, Kasara to CST train is running?

Kanjurmarg to dadar train running??? (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)

why late asangaon train  (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

any water logging on tracks?

is train running on central ?

everybody just put train status & update from various stations. ..mdont put nonsence stuff ......for chat what's app is there (sent from Badlapur)

are the trains running properly?? (sent from Bhandup)

what are the train status in central line toward cst

Are trains running  form ulhasnagar  to karjat...?

 how do u do (sent from Bhayander)

trains are working ..? (sent from Ambernath Stn.)

what is the train status from ghatkopar to ulhasnagar

Are mulund to cst trains running? 

is train working? (sent from Sanpada)

badlapur? (sent from Badlapur)

is there any issue with trains towards Kalyan karjat  (sent from Dombivli)

where is karjat local Thane time 5:31 where riched

?? (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)

is there any problem in Central.  (sent from Kalva)

dombivli to cstm trains are on time?? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

where is 11.04 dombivli (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

r trains running frm Thane to Kalyan??

but why (sent from Nahur Stn.)

dadar to titwaltala train? (sent from Sion Stn.)

CSTM train chalu hai kya? (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)

badlapur local at ghatkopr1214 held up caught fire? (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

what is the central train status??? (sent from Vithalwadi Stn.)

cst te Kalyan gadi chalu ahe ka...? (sent from Kalyan)

what about Kurla (sent from Nalla Sopara)

are trains getting stuck Near sion matunga? (sent from Chinchpokli Stn.)

anyone loves meme? (sent from Airoli)

cst trains running frm thane or not

Is there Any express train are cancelled?

central running properly? (sent from Ghansoli Stn.)

train central status? (sent from Mulund Stn.)

no train running from thane to cst. which are coming from down side are very slow and have lots of rush (sent from Thane Stn.)

what is the status of kurla to thane (sent from Jogeshwari)

what is the western line train running status?  (sent from Kopar Stn.)

Has the Badlapur 11.32 train is left from Kalyan station ?? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

Dombivali to thane what's states slow train 

'just'? that's too much for a Working official running late to office!  (sent from Matunga Road Stn.)

where is the asangaon train 

what happened (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

Trains are on time or not ?

thane to cst are working properly??  (sent from Airoli)

central?? (sent from Thane)

thane to Kalyan train update? (sent from Diva Jn)

why trains are running 😔 (sent from Koparkhairne)

Kalyan se nhi milega? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

11401 nandigram express train running ????

thane to badlapur chalu ahe ka? (sent from Juinagar Stn.)

how about train towards thane  (sent from Chunabhatti)

Mumbra se Dadar chalu hai kya bhai???  (sent from Mumbra)

what about Karjat and khopoli trains?

what is the status of trains towards ambernath & badlapur

wat is rain status in dadar now?? (sent from Badlapur Stn.)

do we have trains on time or boats on time ? (sent from Sion Stn.)

Titwala SE CST chalu hai? (sent from Titwala)

is Karjat train from thane is at time?  (sent from Thane Stn.)

all are Asking questions, Can someone Reply???

are rickshaws n buses working in Thane? (sent from Sewri)

Why are all just asking questions..? Please just scroll a little earlier msgs maybe you get to know some & then when you don't find any you ask (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

where is 1.42 cst fast reached (sent from Dadar Stn.)

train are running??? (sent from Airoli)

karjat train is late ? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

?

what is the status of trains (sent from Kalva)

what is current train status??? (sent from Cst Stn.)

where is train ?? Thane --Badlapur slow at 9.32 pm from thane (sent from Thane Stn.)

hey friends what's status of Ambernath to cst train its delay or cancelled 

what the status from Kalyan to Pune mail (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

is train working from Dadar to Thane...? 

This is not ur whatsapp chat, it's public forum. Just post train status.. before asking questions please see the earlier posts.. (sent from Kanjur Marg)

what about thane to kalyan

what the issue about karjat khopoli train (sent from Karjat)

kalwa pee train Kyu ruki hai ? (sent from Parel Stn.)

Guys. Are trains running on track or in water? 

can someone please update. are trains working from Titwala to Thane? (sent from Belapur Cbd Stn.)

are the trains running from csmt to kalyan ? (sent from Kopar)

Train is struggling to reach Kurla. tracks can hardly be seen. Not sure how many more trains may be able to pass this route after this one (sent from Sion Stn.)

ghatkopar to dadar train is working or not?  (sent from Ghatkopar)

What's status about train Dombivli to csmt

right... everyone is just asking questions... bt those who r at stations right now are not answering.... (sent from Thakurli)

what is status of train from kalyan to diva (sent from Titwala Stn.)

byculla to kurla?  (sent from Byculla Stn.)

what about ghatkopr to CST status pls update (sent from Ghatkopar)

what about kalyan to cst

dadar to thane status? (sent from Vile Parle Stn.)

anyone where is 1.38 CSt fast from Dombivli

What is the status about Thane train.? (sent from Vidyavihar Stn.)

why are train late ahed in central line? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

what is train status towards thane (sent from Tilak Nagar)

Any update from  bhandup stn? (sent from Bhandup)

kurla to ambernath working?  (sent from Vidyavihar Stn.)

kalyan 15 dabba train abhi kidhar hai? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

what is the current  status now im at mulund...

,what is the news about going to Thane side (sent from Tilak Nagar)

what is status at Kalyan ... toward cstm (sent from Vithalwadi)

dear what about south Mumbai for train 🚉  (sent from Neral Stn.)

how late are the trains? (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)

what is the status of trains from Dombivali to Dadar (sent from Dahisar)

deva main train time pe chal rahi hai kya ?  (sent from Chunabhatti)

Status of Kalyan to thane? (sent from Vasind Stn.)

thane to kasara..?..

Is 8:03 Thane Karjat on time ? I m at Diva (sent from Dativali Stn.)

is there any train on platform 1?

hey ...is train working on time? (sent from Churchgate)

is central railway is running?  (sent from Mumbai Central Stn.)

is train from Dombivli on time towards cst? please tell... (sent from Kopar)

m asking about bullet train?? where is bullet train 

are fast trains working on time?

thane to ghatkopar trains on time?

Kalyan k liye trains chal rahi hai Kya? (sent from Bandra)

anyone can tell what is the status of trains from Kalyan to thane and thane to Airoli . please (sent from Kalyan)

need update from Thane to CSMT train ? (sent from Thane)

trains on time on central railway? (sent from Virar)

whether trains are working or not?? (sent from Lower Parel)

dombivali se cst ke train ka koi orbm hai kya?? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

CST to Kalyan how to stuts

status at dombivali station? (sent from Ambivli Stn.)

wer is ladies special train???

??

are train running from thabe to cst?  (sent from Thane)

are Thane to Cst trains on time?

What about the train status from ghatkopar to kalyan?

what is the status of 7.06 PM Ambaranath from Mulund  (sent from Mulund)

still at ambernath station??? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

are 🚆 running on time?? (sent from Kopar)

are central line trains on time?

mumbra to kanjur train status ??

trains are time? (sent from Vile Parle Stn.)

is Megha block on central line?

ghtkopr se kurla train status Pls??? (sent from Andheri)

trains r on time?

train on time? (sent from Vithalwadi)

khopoli to karjat or cat?

what about slow trains at dadar (sent from Dadar Stn.)

Thane se kalyan kitna time lag rha hai?? (sent from Thane)

?? 

Pubg khelne aare kya? Lobby me ruka hu yaar..School me utrenge (sent from Mulund)

what is issue on train tome (sent from Vithalwadi)

what about mamledar missal ? (sent from Ghansoli Stn.)

ठाणे डोंबिवली सुरु आहे का?

kasara pareyent lokal chalky aa he ka?

is central railway running on time?

Are Thane-Cst trains running?

are train workin or is it late wid crowd??

Did any one complete full journey? (sent from Thane Stn.)

srsly ??

what is the status of thane to shahad (sent from Koparkhairne)

cst thane local ??? (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)

badlapur se trains on time hai kya? (sent from Badlapur)

is there any dealys about todays trains schedyle

सेवाग्राम एक्स्प्रेस ठाणा हून निघाली का?

what time is mega block in center line.  (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

where is 4.13 dadar bl (sent from Kurla Stn.)

dombivli to Thane train running ?  (sent from Dombivli)

Are train runing ahead normally from thane?? (sent from Dombivli)

kyu? trains roki he kya? (sent from Kings Circle)

thane la paus jorat ahe ka ?

thane to kalyan train is running or not

what's happening on vitthal vadi station 

any water log reports in central line? (sent from Nahur Stn.)

sion matunga la pani jast ahe ka ? (sent from Vithalwadi)

trains are running from Dombivli to CST?  (sent from Dombivli)

status of 6.57 karjat from csmt

??? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

are trains running from thane? (sent from Mulund)

Where is the khopoli cstm train?  (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

is it possible to travel from Dombivali to Thane?

is central line working properly? (sent from Sewri)

chalu ahet ka? train (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)

is there any trains from kalyan to cst (sent from Ambivli)

train not arrived yet??  (sent from Kalyan)

where is 10.5 thane local (sent from Shahad)

thane to kalyan trains are running?? (sent from Airoli Stn.)

CST to Thane trains working?? (sent from Lower Parel)

Kanjur to Matunga ? (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)

where is kasara local now? (sent from Thane Stn.)

kyn to cst... status... are up side train on time or late??  (sent from Kalyan)

status from kurla to Mulund ? (sent from Tilak Nagar)

what is the status of central railway (sent from Elphinstone Road Stn.)

central line chalu hai kyaa?

by how many min is central train late?? (sent from Badlapur)

ANY PROTEST AT DADAR / ANDHERI railway stations and around?

Are trains working fine?

central line delayed from dadar? (sent from Dadar Stn.)

hi, kalyan se karjat train ka status kya he?

badlapur train 7.46 from thane? were is (sent from Thane Stn.)

any update about trains? (sent from Parel Stn.)

Ghatkopar  to Badalapur status ?

Kurla to shahad fast train chl rhi hai kya? (sent from Tilak Nagar)

Any updates reg sudden stoppage ?? (sent from Kalva)

what is train status between thane towards karjat? (sent from Mumbra)

ambernath to dadar train is running properly??? (sent from Ambernath)

where is 9.20 cst slow (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

are all trains on time?  (sent from Nilje)

are kanjurmarg to Thane trains working? (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)

dadar to thane train is running on time or late ? (sent from Virar)

central line chalu aahet ka???

dadar to thane, trains are working?  (sent from Bandra)

trains r running on central??? (sent from Nahur)

dadar to Thane slow train calu hai? 

are the slow trains between thane & diva are started? (sent from Kurla Stn.)

852 ghatkopar Thane on time?

suvida express Nikki kya CST se? (sent from Thane)

whether Trains are running on time?

what is the status of train (sent from Dadar Stn.)

train,statua from Dombivli to thane station ?

slow train for cst?? (sent from Thane Stn.)

are trains from Kasara to Cat on time ?

Thane to Kalyan update pls?

hi , from Ambarnath to Thane ,, trains are running?

anybody coming to kalsubai?? (sent from Mulund Stn.)

5.40 train status from ambernath??? (sent from Ambernath Stn.)

Ghatkopar to Thane Status...? (sent from Ghatkopar)

is there water logging at kurla station (sent from Khar Road)

sion water logging hua hai ? (sent from Thane)

then where?

is train running smoothly from Kurla to Dadar.....??? (sent from Mulund Stn.)

train status from kanjur to Currey Rd plz?

train late hai kya bhai? (sent from Badlapur)

what is the stutus about thana to dadar fast (sent from Juinagar Stn.)

status of Dombivli to Dadar trains.. r they running ? (sent from Dativali)

is there any issue at thane station?

are the train working? (sent from Santa Cruz)

position of thane to dadar ???

hi, pls update the status of mumbai-pune  express...Are they running? (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)

Dombivali to Badlapur chalu ha Kay?

are trains on time towords cstm ? (sent from Koparkhairne)

where is fast first fast train (sent from Kalyan)

what is current status of kasara trains (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

are trains fro. Thane to Badlapur running? (sent from Vashi Stn.)

are trains are on time ? 

Is local running on time?  (sent from Bhandup Stn.)

waterlogging hua hai kahi? (sent from Titwala)

what is the problem at Kanjurmarg (sent from Kalyan)

10.54 left from kalyan?? (sent from Dombivli)

what's the status of central line?? r they late??  (sent from Thane)

what about rains in dadar ? (sent from Thane)

Dadar to Kalyan what is status? (sent from Dadar Stn.)

in dombivali what status

thane to sion?  (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)

is there any waterlogging between central line? (sent from Tilak Nagar)

sir currently they are on time? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

are bhai kidhar hai thane station par? (sent from Kharghar Stn.)

what is status of badlapur station (sent from Badlapur Stn.)

is slow trains are running on time? (sent from Vidyavihar Stn.)

has 10:52 train arrived at thane?  (sent from Mulund Stn.)

kalyan to lonavala??? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

why train stuck in central line (sent from Vikhroli)

Sion se Dadar?

where is kasara train (sent from Titwala)

me at Mulund what the status (sent from Mulund Stn.)

are trains on time from dadar to cst? (sent from Matunga Road)

dombivli thane any problem? (sent from Dombivli)

what is status of trains?

thane to cst??? (sent from Thane)

Ghatkopar station Mumbai mein ATA hai? (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

thane to kurla??  (sent from Nerul Stn.)

train chaloo h ki nai..?  (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

what is the status of Thane badlapur trains (sent from Thane Stn.)

if the passenger train gets cancelled does the e-ticket get refunded automatically or do I need to cancel it? (sent from Churchgate Stn.)

Mumbra se train chl rahi h kya?  (sent from Mumbra Stn.)

what is the status of Khopoli to dadar (sent from Khopoli)

is there rain at central line kurla via csmt

bt problem is in kalva ? (sent from Thane)

what the between dombivli and badlapur (sent from Dombivli)

badlapur to ghatkopar trains working?  (sent from Ghatkopar)

Mumbai Express train no. 11042..  is there any status ? (sent from Vasai Road Stn.)

Kuch tho gadbad hai?????  (sent from Vile Parle Stn.)

are trains from dadar to cst running?  (sent from Andheri)

status of central line is bad? (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)

is there trais on Time?? (sent from Diva Jn)

details of mega block on 15th? (sent from Nahur)

Thane CST train?

where is khopoli 8:10? (sent from Thane Stn.)

status of cst to kasara tr???  (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

whats is status of kalyan to thane train? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

where is 9:49 ambernath local.please tell me (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

badlapur to Csmt train status?

from down side (kasara ) there is no train any issue ?  (sent from Vasind Stn.)

central line trains running? (sent from Elphinstone Road)

central trains are running or not?? (sent from Vidyavihar)

 whats the status in bhandup  towards cst? (sent from Bhandup Stn.)

Badlapur to Kalyan... train status please?  (sent from Badlapur)

Thane to c s t ?

shanawaz fast trian Available ?

what's status of running train today (sent from Kalyan)

IS SION - THANE line is functioning normally? (sent from Sion Stn.)

What's is The status for kalyan to Thane

what's wrong with the ladies special halted between kanjur & bhandup... its been an hour... (sent from Bhandup Stn.)

status of trains from kalyan?

dombivili to thane?? 

any new about badlapur dam??? (sent from Kurla Stn.)

is there megablock in badlapur to thane  (sent from Badlapur)

1.35 min? bullet chalu ho gayi?

what is position between Dadar and CST ? (sent from Dadar Stn.)

how much time late (sent from Dombivli)

which parts of central line it's raining?

r trains running from kalyan towards badlapur? (sent from Kalyan)

are trains on time? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

ambernath trains chalu hai kya?

Ghatkopar to cst all okay? (sent from Dahisar)

Thane-CSMT Status? ??

what's the status of panvel to vasai train ? (sent from Kopar Stn.)

what about kasara train

is the train to CSMT is in time (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)

towards CST trains are running with 10 mins delay which is normal  (sent from Mulund)

Kalyan-Gharkopar chalu hai? (sent from Matunga Road)

mulund??  (sent from Mulund)

are trains available from dadar to thane?? (sent from Grant Road Stn.)

ulhasanagar se cat chalu he Kya? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

hey guys good morning mulund to vidyavihar working? (sent from Mulund Stn.)

why cst fast train let

Central Line Train Status...????

is there any problem  (sent from Badlapur)

is train there from thane to kalyan?  (sent from Turbhe)

7.32 fast cst from shahad kaha pe hai?? (sent from Shahad Stn.)

trains r working or not?

dear team, i just left the punjab mail express which going to cst now.in the train bogi no S5 near the back side bathroon much more noise.i request to you.plz check what is problem (sent from Dadar Stn.)

what's the issue? (sent from Nahur Stn.)

what about Kalyan to Mulund train ?? is this runningon it's schedule time pls tell me?? 

Is ladies spl train on time from Kalyan?????? (sent from Kalyan)

buses ka Kya scene hai?

asangoan train thane time 6.22pm which location (sent from Juinagar Stn.)

kalyan mei paani bhara hain kya??? (sent from Ambernath Stn.)

What is condition from kalyan to dadar destination ? (sent from Shahad)

are Autos n busses working in ghatkopar?  (sent from Airoli Stn.)

are trains working from Ambernath ? 

baarish mein umbrella Gilla ho Gaya kya karu guys?

where is 15 car 

are the trains working at all? or they are only delayed?

what is the problem in central line (sent from Mumbra Stn.)

any update from shahad?? (sent from Shahad)

train status Ambernath to Thane??? (sent from Ambernath)

is training running frm ghansoli? (sent from Badlapur)

train is running or not

Thane to CST? (sent from Mulund)

how is kasara route trains status (sent from Bhayander)

What is d status of ladies special (sent from Mulund Stn.)

is Ghatkopar local available? (sent from Airoli)

Is the train working towards kalyan from dadar (sent from Dadar)

? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

is that a social chat site just wait n see previous message for status and who travelling only post status (sent from Kharghar Stn.)

train dadar se aa rhi h Kya ..? (sent from Mankhurd)

any updates for train running from Mumbra?

u mean khopoli to kasara ? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

kaun hai tu?? hai kaun?? (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)

central lines are closed or working? (sent from Thane)

what about thane 2 dadar 

Diva se dombivli train hai kya....?  (sent from Diva Jn)

why is it raining on time. how dare u asked them to Rain  (sent from Jogeshwari)

what about todays train status in betn kalyan to aasangaon (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

can anyone tell trains working smoothly?  (sent from Kurla)

cst to dombivali trains r working?? (sent from Grant Road Stn.)

Is train running between Borivali to Valsad?

is train going from thane to Kalyan?? (sent from Airoli Stn.)

How to go there mumbai central  (sent from Bhandup)

slow line towards dadar working? (sent from Vidyavihar Stn.)

As there I heard a news that some morcha is going to happen..so is any issues for trains? (sent from Thakurli Stn.)

 what is the status of Ambernath train... my husband is in dadar and his phone is switched off.... (sent from Boisar)

dombivli to kalyan status? (sent from Mumbai Central Stn.)

what is States Central line (sent from Mumbra)

where is 6.03 kalyan semi fast (sent from Churchgate Stn.)

where is 10:54 csmt fast right now? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

St ki buses chalu hai Kya thane see.?? (sent from Koparkhairne Stn.)

what is status of train from Ghatkopar to CST

What is the status from thane

ambernath to thane working ?? (sent from Ambernath Stn.)

Is there any problem in Kurla to Thane train route? (sent from Chunabhatti)

is train working between thane and dombivli? 

harbour trains? (sent from Juinagar)

hi , is der any issue on m indiactor chat?? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

what is status of ambernath to cst train (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)

Thane user and Dadar user. Don't keep spamming. There are other stations as well where people want to board train from. Where is CSMT user ? (sent from Churchgate)

what is status for cst to khopoli (sent from Elphinstone Road)

is central line till dadar proper? (sent from Sandhurst Road Stn.)

any local from kasara to cstm?

cst to thane?

CST to Dombivali ? (sent from Vile Parle)

Diva par yaar koi problem hua kya?? (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)

why the trains so slow today? (sent from Kurla)

please update who reached at station

kurla to thane status ?? (sent from Chunabhatti)

wats status of thane to karjat , its started ? (sent from Airoli)

Any update for Badlapur trains ??? (sent from Mumbai Central Stn.)

are there trains from cst???? (sent from Vikhroli)

is there an issue in central line ? (sent from Mulund Stn.)

trains from badlapur are on time or not?  (sent from Badlapur Stn.)

mulund station situation ?????? (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

why train is halted in thane 

  r trains working from thane?? (sent from Thane Stn.)

trns are running or not from cst? 

but why center railway running late what isbtbe resion behind this 

what is the status of local from dadar to kalyan

what is the current status of cst to khopoli (sent from Kurla Stn.)

is there train for badlapur (sent from Khandeshwar Stn.)

is it raining in badlapur?  (sent from Nahur Stn.)

what is status of train (sent from Titwala Stn.)

what about cst to thane ? (sent from Mahalakshmi Stn.)

Trains are on time? (sent from Kalva)

thane to cst chalu hai kya?

shahad se asangaon  train chalu hai kya ? (sent from Shahad)

wat abt down trains? are they late (sent from Thane)

Dadar to Ambarnath train are working? (sent from Jogeshwari)

cat to titwala train is working ?? yes or no...

what is the fast train status from to Badlapur (sent from Vithalwadi)

is train from Bhandup to Dombivali running on time?

down trains are running?? (sent from Vidyavihar Stn.)

thane to Kalyan ??

Have train started Now? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

what is status for thane to ghatkoper (sent from Rabale)

Kurla to kalyan???

where is badlapur train of 3:33 from dombivli? (sent from Ambernath Stn.)

thane to CST trains are running on time? or not

nashik hun yenarya trains chalu aahet ka ?

any train problems towards kalyan?

kasara to csmt chalu hai kya?

Dombivali to mulund chalu h Kya?  (sent from Kopar)

how delayed are the trains running?  (sent from Vikhroli)

Bhandup to Dadar??  (sent from Nahur)

central railway status ...? (sent from Santa Cruz)

7:51 ambernath cst train is cancel or not tommorow?? (sent from Ambernath Stn.)

slow trains r working ??? (sent from Vithalwadi)

ghatkoper to thane trains on time?

are train running from kurla to thane?  (sent from Chunabhatti)

kal train chlu h kya ???? (sent from Ulhasnagar)

khopoli train..? (sent from Shahad)

from cst to kalyan train chalu hai kya wht position between that? (sent from Churchgate)

hi status of Ambarnath Ulhasnagar...?

central lines chalu hai Kya?

thane to cst trains ?? (sent from Cst Stn.)

anybody knows where khopoli fast is? (sent from Ambernath Stn.)

is there any rush??  (sent from Chembur)

What is issue  (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

is central line is running ? (sent from Chembur)

what is the status about central line

kasara to thare trains are going or not

what happened

r trains moving ahead frm ghatkopar, sion? (sent from Kalva Stn.)

what about Thane to karjat  (sent from Rabale)

abhi central railway ka kya status hai ? (sent from Tilak Nagar)

kurla to dadar koi problem?

andheri Station to lower Parel? will be working?  (sent from Vile Parle)

what is the fast train status from thane to cst

I have a frnd at Kalyan who said there's a train coming for kasara (sent from Airoli Stn.)

anyone at mulund? (sent from Mulund)

are trains on time ? (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)

stormy day????

Dadar to Kalyan train chalu aahe ka??? (sent from Goregaon)

any trains at दादर? 

kalyan to karjat or bdl kya haal hai? (sent from Dombivli)

ask in western train chat (sent from Vasind Stn.)

anybody knows?  (sent from Kurla)

trains are running? (sent from Bandra)

what problem  (sent from Kalva Stn.)

What is train status frm kanjur towards kalyan (sent from Kanjur Marg)

what's the status from Thane to ambernath??(sent from Thane) (sent from Thane Stn.)

what's the status of trains from vitthalwadi stn.? (sent from Kalyan)

hi thana to kalyan train running?? (sent from Vithalwadi Stn.)

will trains still stop at Kanjur Marg? 

Thanks to Panvel chalu he Kya? (sent from Thane Stn.)

 10.32 from kalyan fast? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

r cst bound trains running? 

Anybody going towards car from thane??

sion station update kya hai?  (sent from Khandeshwar)

Hello friends, Good morning. Aaj trains ka kya status hai?? (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)

hello kal megablock konse route pr hai koi batayega??  (sent from Mulund Stn.)

trains from Ghatkopar to CST are running?

kurla to dombivili train running or not? (sent from Kopar)

kurla-kalyan 2:30..?is that cancelled? (sent from Kurla Stn.)

is there  any issues on badlapur (sent from Badlapur)

what is Badlapur status 

status in thane? (sent from Kalva Stn.)

what about 7:57 (sent from Badlapur)

kurla se byculla ? (sent from Govandi)

kalyan to karjat???? (sent from Mumbai Central)

Are kalyan karjat trains on tym? (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)

is the train on time  (sent from Mumbra)

Favorite Meme page konsa ? (sent from Kurla)

What is position  of central Railway? (sent from Cst Stn.)

what's the status of Kurla station? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

Are CSMT trains on time????

Where is kasara train

please answer yaar Kurla to Kalyan? (sent from Tilak Nagar)

plz inform dombivli to kurla & then  kurla to belapur.??

what about cst ro khopoli train (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

Ghatkopar overhead wires issue is true or fake? 

where is the khopoli fast train 8.46 from cst

when is 7 22 ambernath from vikroli? (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)

trains towards cst working? 

thanks..and I would like to request others that refrain from asking questions...comment only if you are at station or on train..Thank you

has any train left from thane to CST slow?  (sent from Mulund Stn.)

why train are stop in Kalwa station is there any problem (sent from Nahur)

what's the position now at 13.15 pm (sent from Kopar)

central railway working or not 

what is the status of train towards kalyan from thane? (sent from Thane Stn.)

what is the status of express trains

are trains in time from CST to Kalyan?? 

how about trains from dadar to badlapur side (sent from Vithalwadi)

kopar to diva train chalu hai kya? (sent from Kopar Stn.)

kalyan to badlapur?

train to kalyan are they running?  (sent from Malad)

train status????  (sent from Dativali)

what's the status of train from Ambernath to kurla (sent from Ambernath)

 clg band hai kya kal ? (sent from Kanjur Marg)

Trains from Kalyan are on time, right?

dombivli station se up trains chalu he??? (sent from Dombivli)

thane to kasara kay update ? (sent from Kalyan)

central line is delayed or not? (sent from Kalyan)

9.18 karjat ..where is it right now?? (sent from Kalyan)

is there is megablock today  (sent from Kopar Stn.)

thane cst chalu hai kya?

are trains on time from badlapur ??? (sent from Badlapur Stn.)

Are trains to Kalyan/Khopoli side running on time?! 

dadar tracks me Pani bhara hai Kya? (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

is the trains are running?? (sent from Dombivli)

are trains running? (sent from Chembur)

from thane to kalyan trains r working? kindly let me know

kurla to thane station working? (sent from Tilak Nagar Stn.)

what is status for Diva to CSMT train plz tell me friends  (sent from Diva Jn)

vidhyavihar to ghatkopar trains running. ? 

does the local running from Ambarnath to ghatkopar

is it safe to travel??? (sent from Shahad)

what about cat to badlapur (sent from Dadar Stn.)

Is there megablock tomorrow (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

what is the situation in ambernath

can anyone please tell me the status of kanjurmarg station? (sent from Dombivli)

what abt sion (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)

ambernath to kurla line are clear? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

are the trains running from thane? (sent from Thakurli)

What about CST to Kalyan (sent from Byculla)

where in khopoli train now  (sent from Palasdhari Stn.)

Kurla to thane working?

where You Reached

where is 9.32 thane badlapur train?? (sent from Thane Stn.)

are trains from airoli to thane working ?? (sent from Airoli)

is trains are running properly?

कर्जत दिशेने जाणाऱ्या लोकल चालु आहेत का?

ghatkopar se badlapur train chalu hai kya??? (sent from Jogeshwari)

guyszz please coprate from which ever station you are please update train status (sent from Malad)

please don't post irrelevant posts like how will you meet it gf ,  (sent from Nahur)

apne ko?? (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

join what app group for train updates @7718050505 (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

any update on rail roko at thane station ?? (sent from Cst Stn.)

how much time take to going kalyan  (sent from Grant Road Stn.)

just announced at thane stn that local trains running 15 to 20  minutes late (sent from Thane Stn.)

whats the status from kurla to dombivali? (sent from Gtb Nagar)

what is the status of rain

cst to dombivali local chalu hai kya?  (sent from Dombivli)

is there water logging on Sion station (sent from Kalva)

Thanks for Update..are trains running on tym ? (sent from Nilje)

what is the status of trains for karjat.

what about karjat train

what about central train

what about trains in nallasopara

is there train from Bhandup to Badlapur (sent from Bhandup Stn.)

any delay in trains now?? (sent from Chinchpokli Stn.)

vikas really trains are not working??? (sent from Thakurli)

king circle se central ka kayse send kiya? 

any update from sion ...? (sent from Kurla Stn.)

is there any issue after thanr (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)

ppl who already board plz keep updated (sent from Thane Stn.)

where  is titwala fast train?  (sent from Ghansoli Stn.)

trains are not are time or what (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)

is there any train from kalyan to kasara (sent from Kalyan)

are trains running from Kalyan to Badlapur?

trains from Bhandup to cst r late? (sent from Nahur Stn.)

Kanjurmarg to dombivli status?  (sent from Kopar Stn.)

khopoli on the way? (sent from Ambernath Stn.)

hi ....are tains from klyn to cst running ? pls update 

why is there no train  (sent from Thane Stn.)

Railway must take strict action against people who stand on door and close halfway and don't allow people to use the door (sent from Mulund)

Karjat Varun train nighali ka?? for CSMT (sent from Neral Stn.)

Is Kalyan to CST running fine? (sent from Malad)

can someone tell me the train status between karjat and ghatkopar?

thane trains are working?  (sent from Kharghar)

can i go to dadar? (sent from Dombivli)

harbour challu hai kya train? (sent from Airoli)

are trains running from thane to Kalyan? (sent from Thane)

any problem in harbour line? (sent from Mulund)

what is the position of C Railway (sent from Elphinstone Road)

what is status of local train. (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)

trains from Titwala to Dadar?  (sent from Titwala Stn.)

mulund to Chinchpokli? are trains running?  (sent from Mulund)

sion to cst status?? (sent from Gtb Nagar Stn.)

Karjat train kuthe ahe ata? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

what is the status of CSMT-Khopoli train? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

?

is trains running on time from ambernath to CST? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

train status from titwala to cst?  (sent from Titwala Stn.)

how is the central line (sent from Charni Road)

trains from Thane to CST?

Central ka kya scene h aaj?? (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)

are trains working from cst- badlapur? (sent from Kurla)

what is the status central line(csmt to dombivli)  (sent from Churchgate)

what is update about train (sent from Sion Stn.)

where is asangaon train from kalyan 12:27pm (sent from Titwala Stn.)

is there train running from Kurla to thane (sent from Tilak Nagar)

What is the status Mail/expressed trains? 

what is the status byculla to thane

trains chal rahi hai kya ? (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)

are trains running ontime from Kurla to Thane?

is train running on time ? (sent from Kalyan)

what about thane to ullhashnagar train  (sent from Nahur Stn.)

titwala se kalyan hai trains??? (sent from Kalyan)

train is proper running or not 

is there train running towards  kanjurg marg (sent from Belapur Cbd Stn.)

Is their Train running properly from dombivli to badlapur ? Plz give reply its argent (sent from Badlapur)

did any one received notification of central line delayed by m-indicator...?  

what's the status  (sent from Dadar Stn.)

what happened  (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)

trains are running?

trains late ?

dombivli to cst train on time?

any water blockage at any station???

 What is the status of trains from shahad to CST? Are they working properly?  (sent from Vithalwadi)

train will late why (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

any updates for Kalyan to kasara??? (sent from Badlapur)

what's the status from kurla to ambernath (sent from Chunabhatti)

Please post whether it is gonna move? or should we leave train? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

is there raining  (sent from Thane Stn.)

What's the status of train from badlapur and towards badlapur? (sent from Kanjur Marg)

status from badlapur yo bhandup ?

Chembur??

Hi everyone, how about thane to kalyan and upwards? 

Cst to KALYAN chalu hai???  (sent from Marine Lines Stn.)

Central trains are running??? (sent from Matunga Road Stn.)

where is ambernath to cst fast train  (sent from Mulund Stn.)

what is current status of the central railway 

TITWALA SE KALYAN KE LIYE TRAIN CHALU HAI KYA ??????? (sent from Titwala)

khopoli local any update ? (sent from Badlapur Stn.)

is the problem got resolved (sent from Ambivli Stn.)

what about thane to titwala..trains

kasara train chalu ahe ka ? (sent from Thane)

 what is the status for the CST trains (sent from Ambernath)

is or are ?

Are trains working fine in central side ? (sent from Koparkhairne Stn.)

thane main pani bhara hai kya?? (sent from Byculla)

Ghatkopar thane trains running ?

what about mail trains

what about thane to nerul or vashi? (sent from Bhandup)

What abt sion (sent from Airoli Stn.)

water logging hua kya kisi station k pass? (sent from Matunga Stn.)

janshtabdi exp kuthe aahe konala mahit aahe ka? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

is central railway running properly...??? (sent from Cst)

Ambernath to thane? 

fast train from Thane to Ambernath? (sent from Thane Stn.)

what is the train status from dombivli to cst (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)

is mega block there today? if yes what time? (sent from Mahim Jn Stn.)

Hi. any updates regarding trains from thane  ?

what about vidhrbha express?

is central line working properly? (sent from Dombivli)

cst any update ? (sent from Koparkhairne Stn.)

is there any derailment in c.r.

what about CST to thane (sent from Manasarovar)

in news they are showing that trains are stopped at Thane station, is it true.? (sent from Dombivli)

what train status

CST Thane 8:18 local cancelled or running? plz update (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)

hows the frequency from thane to dadar? (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)

Is there train from Ambernath?? (sent from Ambernath)

Thane to Ghatkopar chal rhi h kya ?

what status about diva Vasai road (sent from Vikhroli)

thane to karjat train chalu hai kya?? (sent from Thane Stn.)

where has the kalyan fast local reached ?? (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

sushant Jadhav train ata diva pohchat ahe (sent from Mumbra)

what was the train status today's?

train towards Dadar or CST is on time or Delayed ? (sent from Kanjur Marg)

trains are running on time in central line so don't worry about any strikes it was cleared by their head that they won't disturb the trains.... (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

Trains are running on time or not? (sent from Shahad)

badlapur wala train nikla kya? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

is there any problem (sent from Badlapur Stn.)

are train running between Dadar-Kurla? (sent from Borivali)

is fm Badlapur to cst trains runs...?  (sent from Badlapur)

what happens  (sent from Thane Stn.)

kab aayegaa?? Aur kab train band hogaa?? (sent from Dombivli)

what about trains to Ambernath ? 

Trains running on time ??? (sent from Kalyan)

central line velevar aahe....? (sent from Ambivli)

what is the status of down slow train& (sent from Vidyavihar)

any news about train between Ghatkopar to Thane? (sent from Ghatkopar)

what is status of unr to ghatkopar (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

what's the status of trains from Dombivli to Ghatkopar (sent from Dombivli)

train status from sion to cst?  (sent from Sion Stn.)

Where is khopoli train now (sent from Khopoli Stn.)

asangaon fast kidher hai..?? (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

? 

is there any problems for Kasara trains (sent from Khopoli Stn.)

where is 8.45 csmt train  (sent from Elphinstone Road Stn.)

what is the status from Bhandup to thane? (sent from Bhandup)

what is train status towards kalyan ??? (sent from Mulund Stn.)

karjat ki train chalu h Kya?? (sent from Bhivpuriroad)

towards Karjat trains running? (sent from Kalyan)

in news they are showing traims are block is it right or not? (sent from Thane)

what is the status of rain in ghatkopar (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

running from time ?? (sent from Ambernath Stn.)

shahad to Kurla? (sent from Shahad)

are trains towards Kalyan on time?  (sent from Sewri)

What is the position of trains on Central line ??

what is the status from kasara to kalyan

cst to thane chalu aahet ka ? plz rply

dombivali me appam ka stall chalu hai kya??? (sent from Thakurli Stn.)

what is the status of 11.05 slow train to CSMT from Shahad (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

kalyan to ghatkoper train status pls? (sent from Kalyan)

Dadar to Asangaon trains available hai na? (sent from Bandra)

are trains towards cst running?? (sent from Ambernath Stn.)

kurla to Vashi train milega yta nahi? (sent from Goregaon Stn.)

where is khopoli train (sent from Karjat Stn.)

are they still running? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

Thane cst?  (sent from Koparkhairne)

what about dombivli to thane

kurla to thane trains are working or not??? (sent from Santa Cruz Stn.)

where is 9.10 @ghatkopar thane local?  (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

trains are working??? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

khoop local ?? (sent from Khopoli)

train is on? (sent from Cotton Green)

central line chalu h ya nahi ?? (sent from Ambernath)

trains running from nerul to thane? (sent from Nerul Stn.)

trains r on time ?

where is khopoli fast any update please ? (sent from Thane Stn.)

any update on trains towards badlapur? (sent from Ambernath Stn.)

what about kalyan cst  (sent from Thakurli Stn.)

is there are any delays in central line

csmt to thane ?? (sent from Sandhurst Road Stn.)

what is issue  (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)

is any train reached vithalwadi from kalyan? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

where is 15 car csmt to kalyan (sent from Reay Road Stn.)

vt se gadiya hain kya ??  (sent from Churchgate)

is Kurla to Dadar train running? (sent from Kanjur Marg)

badlapur to dombivli trains are on time? (sent from Badlapur)

dadar to kalyan? (sent from Vidyavihar)

what is d status of sion station  (sent from Borivali Stn.)

train status ? (sent from Vikhroli)

darshana whats the status at thane? 

what about the mails

what's the status of kalyan to karjat train (sent from Thane)

Ulhasnagar se CST k side ki train status kya Hai?  (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)

ghatkopar to thane ?

by how much minutes the train are late (sent from Dombivli)

train status from thane to karjat?  (sent from Koparkhairne)

what's the status about train? Is it running or is it late  (sent from Mumbai Central Stn.)

what's happening in central line.. (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

what's d issue... stuck before bhandup (sent from Bhandup Stn.)

does anyone know what was iasue (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

Kalyan to Mulund trians status? 

thane to dombivali  running? 

what about badlapur csmt trn ...they are working or not

what's the status between Ghatkopar to Thane??? 

now 8:14 karjat is scheduled (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

what kind of job it is? (sent from Byculla)

what is status of thane to Kalyan train

Hello everyone I'm waiting for 1.53 karjat local it's little late coz it's now 1.58 (sent from Thane Stn.)

trains are running from Ghatkopar??? (sent from Andheri)

what is status of DOMBIVLI TO KURLA track

so what about thane to panvel trains????  (sent from Shahad Stn.)

is train from kalyan to cst/thane running??  (sent from Kopar)

sion kurla ? (sent from Shahad)

what about megablock (sent from Cst)

what is the status for cnetral line???  (sent from Thane)

thane to CST status ?

airoli to thane?

what abt karjat

where u going... (sent from Juinagar)

is anyone at Kalyan stn? what's the status?  (sent from Kalyan)

khopoli status...? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

are Central Railway trains on time?

are trains stopping around kurla dadar?

what abt karjat train?!

dadar se kurla Chalo hai Kya? (sent from Khar Road Stn.)

Badlapur to CST are trains running on time? (sent from Badlapur)

is train running from Kurla to Panvel ? (sent from Koparkhairne Stn.)

Thane to Dadar is operational ?? (sent from Dadar Stn.)

where is asangao train (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

 what about kasara (sent from Asangaon Stn.)

Kasara to cst???  (sent from Vasind)

trains are running? (sent from Rabale)

karjat se nikli hai kya? (sent from Neral Stn.)

asangaon train chalu aahe ka?? (sent from Vithalwadi)

status of kurla to cst?  (sent from Kharghar Stn.)

Mulund to kalyan is working? 

how is positioned (sent from Mulund Stn.)

what is the status of Thane to CST

where is karjat train (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

what's happening  yaar

is any megablok tomorrow for up local....?  (sent from Vidyavihar Stn.)

trains running on time?  (sent from Mumbra Stn.)

are karjat trains running from thane? 

?  (sent from Mumbai Central)

any train issue in Kalyan ? (sent from Byculla)

guys what about 9:07 Dadar slow.. please tell me  (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

are the trains on time? 

Is kasara line working? Want to go titwala (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

Thane Down ka kya situation hai?? (sent from Airoli Stn.)

what about the trains from the dadar to csmt? (sent from Dadar Stn.)

waiting for half an hour ...any how it is halfday going to be (sent from Mulund Stn.)

thane cst working ? (sent from Kalva)

thane to grant road is there any water clogging?

Dadar to cst trains are running or not?

pubg any1?

ambernath to thane?

Ghatkopar to Thane Train running properly?  (sent from Andheri Stn.)

what about trains from dombivli to thane ...on time or not?? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

down side local train status ..?? (sent from Ambernath)

what is train situation from dadar to thane

r trains working fine now?

what status for kurla? (sent from Mulund Stn.)

trains ? (sent from Mulund)

Ghansoli jaana h trains h kya???? (sent from Jogeshwari)

please give train status between dadar to kalyan ? (sent from Andheri)

can some one pls update thr status of trains from Ambernath towards thane and thane towards vashi ? (sent from Ambernath)

how much trains are late from thane to csmt (sent from Airoli Stn.)

how much late? (sent from Mulund)

cst to dadar train working ? (sent from Jogeshwari)

dombivali to mulund trains are there? (sent from Mulund Stn.)

Thane to CST any update??

is there any problem at kalyan

trai s running from sion to ghatkopar??? (sent from Chunabhatti)

ghankopar to Kalyan ?? (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)

Dombivali to badlapur status????  (sent from Kopar)

Aaj train problem hai Kya? (sent from Vithalwadi)

kasara trains are running???

are train passing through Vitthalwadi station? (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)

are vikhroli to kalyan locals on time?  (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)

what's the current status from CST to Thane ,? (sent from Churchgate)

kidhr rakesh? (sent from Kopar Stn.)

are there any trains running from thane to dombivli? 

are the situation good  to go in Mumbai from badlapur? (sent from Badlapur)

water logging at Sion, Matunga?

what about bus running status (sent from Vithalwadi)

where is fast for cst left from Kalyan?

any info on parel to kurla??  (sent from Elphinstone Road Stn.)

Kalyan to Thane status plz ???

is there water logging outside kurla station west? (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)

train from badlapur to cst? (sent from Badlapur)

ghatkopar to dadar chalu he kya? (sent from Ghatkopar)

what's the problem. 6.29train (sent from Bhandup)

Mylta ke liye bus hai kya chalu? (sent from Kopar Stn.)

कसारा ट्रेन निघाली का? (sent from Kopar)

status beyond Thane ? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

train ka status kya hai??

is track clear from kurla to parel . ?

trains are on time or not

badlapur trains running ??? (sent from Ghatkopar)

are Trains running today?? (sent from Dadar Stn.)

He has left his bag with laptop in local train! 

what is status from kasara station (sent from Kasara)

meri dost ko thane bheju kya sathiyo? (sent from Cst Stn.)

kurla to cstm chalu hai kta?  (sent from Panvel Stn.)

trains are in time or not

Yes what's status at Thane station? (sent from Vikhroli)

what about locals between Thane-Badlapur ?? are they on time??

where is 15 car  (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

?? train are on time or not?

Trains are going beyond thane or not

kurla to thane trains are running on time? (sent from Sion Stn.)

kya hua hai..?? (sent from Nahur Stn.)

trains running between matunga and vidyavihar? (sent from Kings Circle Stn.)

mulund to kurla trains working slow or fast? (sent from Rabale)

than to kalyan train is running??? (sent from Thane)

are  train  stop  running  towards  cst  ???  (sent from Bhandup)

asangaon??? (sent from Thane Stn.)

train is running on time? 

what is the status of central railway local train

Kalyan -Thane train is in time?

where is karjat local ?

what's is update for locals? (sent from Mulund Stn.)

sainagarshirdi passenger Cancel huwa hay ya nhi? (sent from Vithalwadi Stn.)

will I get trains from Kalyan to Dadar at night ?  (sent from Bandra Stn.)

confirm hain??

BADLAPUR TO KALYAN TRAIN CHALU HUVI KYA?

what abt Titwala fast 8:13

? (sent from Airoli)

are trains running from Dombivali to Ambernath?? (sent from Nahur Stn.)

any problem between bhandup and Mulund? trains lined up between nahur and Mulund  (sent from Nahur)

what r the train situation frm ghatkopar ko thane

from karjat to cst what is status now

karjat anyone? (sent from Ambernath)

what is train status from Badlapur to cst (sent from Badlapur)

is it safe to go to khopoli what is train status

what is train status from thane to Kalyan

ghatkopar to kalyan trn working? (sent from Borivali)

left from Dadar? (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

yasss!! Chal phir kitne baje milega?  (sent from Dombivli)

what is train status at thane

Are trains running between ghatkopar to thane? 

can some1 reply if fast trains are working ? (sent from Dombivli)

7.50 karjat from kalyan did crossed kalyan? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

what about Badlapur to cst trains (sent from Badlapur)

I have to travel from Nasik to dadar today evening in Tapovan express. should I travel or no? 

how much delay? (sent from Badlapur)

What is the current status from Thane to CST?? (sent from Thane)

1:46 asangaon at thane is how much late?? (sent from Thane Stn.)

what is the status of trains

is there any problem between Kurla and vidyavihar station??? (sent from Thane Stn.)

what is current situation

thane to cst train he kya ? (sent from Koparkhairne)

is 7.10 train on time???  (sent from Kurla Stn.)

it is happening so... my three fast trains got canceled... not interested in spreading rumors...8.04 8.10 and 8.23 got canceled now 8.30 train is coming which is late too..  (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

why trains late from vikhroli (sent from Vikhroli)

asangaon slow kaha hai abhi???  (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)

is the fast train ruining toward cst (sent from Thane Stn.)

kya hua prblm koi bata skta hai??? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

I caught 09:37 cst from thane which arrived at thane on 09:45, reached dadar, so far no issue (sent from Badlapur Stn.)

Can anyone tell me Netravati train status please? (sent from Mulund)

Ghatkopar to thane  are trains working?

any update about train from asangaon?

what happened to fast trains towards kalyan (sent from Vikhroli)

kyn to cst train are working ?? (sent from Kalyan)

pls update?

log Ghar kaise jayega?  (sent from Kasara Stn.)

ghatkopar to kurla? (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

are train running? (sent from Mulund Stn.)

badlapur to cst kya situation? (sent from Badlapur Stn.)

any issue in kurla or Sion?

what is problem for delay? (sent from Kalyan)

wht abt thane to mumbra when trains get stop (sent from Rabale Stn.)

dadar Kalyan train time par hai ? (sent from Borivali)

is there train on time cat to Kalyan  (sent from Mumbra)

train late hai thane see ? (sent from Bhandup)

what abt sion (sent from Sion Stn.)

HI train moving toward kalyan from Thane?? 

Ghatkopar se aage cst  ja rahi hai kya?? (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)

is someone can give correct information about CS train bez all have only ?? but on answers (sent from Dombivli)

trains from kalyan to ambernath is working? (sent from Mulund Stn.)

what's status of trains at thane

up line chalu h na?? (sent from Nahur)

what's the scene of thane.station ?

trains  ahet ka kalyan to thane? (sent from Kalyan)

dadar to dombivli trains r running??? (sent from Vadala Road Stn.)

trains from Parel to Mulund running on time or not ? any one answer please (sent from Airoli)

is it safe to travel with local tomorrow?

y hi? here (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)

please any one tell me what happened on the central line kalyan to CSMT  any one tell me (sent from Kalva Stn.)

marath kranti morcha impact on train ????😢

guys trains chalu hai kyaaaa??? (sent from Nahur)

Kya Hua hai?? (sent from Mulund Stn.)

y r trains stuck at vikhroli? (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)

what is the train status from ulhasnagar to cst please tell me (sent from Vithalwadi)

?? (sent from Dombivli)

vasai panvel train is running or not ????

what's the status of central  (sent from Seawood Darave Stn.)

Ghatkopar ka aage problem hai kya ?? (sent from Badlapur)

vikhroli ka kya haal hai??? train hai ki nahi dombivli jane k liye (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)

what is current status  Badlapur  CSTM train 

where is kalyan train? (sent from Kurla Stn.)

where 7.16 train from karjat has reached now?? please revert (sent from Badlapur Stn.)

what is status about dadar to thane?  (sent from Santa Cruz)

what's the situation out there (sent from Koparkhairne)

what about dadar to kalyan trains

Kyu?  (sent from Vikhroli)

Autos running in Mulund?

where has 7.21 karjat train  reached (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

Train's are running properly? (sent from Vasai Road)

what status is from Dadar to thane?? (sent from Mumbai Central)

badlapur to thane train status.? 

r u at diva stn right now?

train from mumbr to CSt running or not?

any update between amb to kalyan? 

what about Badlapur to CST 

right time or not

CSMT to Sion?

what is the status of kokan railway  (sent from Borivali)

any status of titwala to CST fast???  (sent from Thakurli Stn.)

What's the status for thane to shahad?  (sent from Turbhe)

how long? (sent from Gtb Nagar Stn.)

why is train has been stuck in between kalyan (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

ulhasnagar to Thane ka kya status hai?? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

what is the train status (sent from Kopar Stn.)

thane to badlapur train hai Kya? 

Ghatkopar to knopali train running?

 anyone know reason about train late..?  (sent from Kalva)

why so rush at thane no train??  (sent from Thane Stn.)

karjat fast status pls? (sent from Thane Stn.)

is khopoli to Kalyan train running on time ????

Why are we blaming the government? People throw so much plastic and other garbage out from the train. Stop doing that instead of blaming the government

what about kurla to Dombivli

why the trains are being so late in central railway can anyone plz acknowledge...!!! (sent from Charni Road)

local from titwala is on time??

ghatkopar see klayan Tak trains chalu hai Kya..?

is there any delay in trains from thane to Ambarnath? 

to there is mega blocks from Dadar to Thane till what time megablock will be held  (sent from Matunga Road)

trains chal rahe hai? (sent from Khar Road Stn.)

?? (sent from Dombivli)

Hi Aaj central railway chalu hai kya? 

what is the status between sion to parel  . Is there  water logging.

what about Sion? (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)

Are running running on time from thane to dombivili?

sagar you here? (sent from Byculla)

thane to CST any updates??

train chalu ahet na Central? (sent from Currey Road)

any update down side trains??

hello aaj ka plan kya??  (sent from Mulund Stn.)

Dombivali to badlapur train status please? 

It was due to unfortunate case of tresspasser run over (TPRO) on Thane UP local line at around 7 am for which the train was detained till 7.15 and then gradually the bunching was also cleared. We repeatedly request commuters not to risk life. Please us

what is status of karjat local (sent from Badlapur)

what about dadar  to vikhroli 

thane to kalyan train? 

what's the situation between thane and Ghatkopar pls reply ASAP (sent from Mulund)

What is the reason for the delay in trains?  (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)

any updates of 9:26 karjat fast train from CSMT (sent from Cst Stn.)

what about kurla to kalyan

kalyan to karjat train chalu ahe ka?? (sent from Kalyan)

what happened (sent from Shahad)

what is the position of train (sent from Ghatkopar)

thane to cst running?

cst to thane??

Thane tak available hai trains? (sent from Kurla)

Are the trains running tomorrow ? 

what about train status between thane to titwala (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)

what's the position of trn btwn amb to Mulund???? (sent from Ambernath)

are the trains working from dombivali to cst?? (sent from Dombivli)

thane sey dadar chalu hai kya? (sent from Mulund)

where is Dadar-Badlapur ( 4.13 from Dadar) train (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

central lines are on time ? towards Dader -kyn (sent from Bandra)

11:46 kalyan fast train towards cst status? (sent from Thane Stn.)

kalyan se borivali status ??

train are running for airoli??

cstm to titwala train chalu ahet ka?????

any idea of TMT bus route no Ac 65 from Borivali station to thane station. is it working?

pls tell what is the status of train  (sent from Vikhroli)

metro ? (sent from Kopar)

सुप्रभात, डोंबिवलीहून गाड्या जात आहेत का? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

plz help guyz trains running or nt ? 

train Mumbra to sion chalu h? (sent from Mumbra Stn.)

what's the update for trains from cst to thane  (sent from Vikhroli)

what is the status of train to thane (sent from Elphinstone Road Stn.)

metro roko hai kya?? (sent from Ghatkopar)

trains or late or on time kalyan -cst}?? (sent from Kalyan)

kalyan to cstm local are running properly or not?

kurla varun vikroli jayala slow train chalu aahe Kay? (sent from Turbhe Stn.)

what is the status is cst train  (sent from Badlapur Stn.)

what is status of trains towards kasala? (sent from Kurla)

is there megablock on Thane to kalyan? (sent from Airoli)

western stoped or fake news? (sent from Mulund)

trains are running or not??? (sent from Tilak Nagar)

heading to thane from Currey road is it advisable? what's the update (sent from Lower Parel)

same question? (sent from Dadar Stn.)

trains are late today ? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

dombivali to cst train status please?? (sent from Thakurli)

are the train from Thane towards Kalyan running properly? (sent from Khandeshwar)

karajat to cst chalu ahet ka trns? (sent from Neral Stn.)

slow local are running or not.? (sent from Badlapur)

what is status between  mulund and nahur (sent from Bhandup Stn.)

what's the status of thane??

what is current status of train from byculla to dombivli (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)

train time pe hai kya?

 Are train running from thane to Dombivali slow ?? (sent from Vidyavihar Stn.)

kasara Train???  (sent from Shahad)

Towards thane trains on or off? (sent from Thakurli Stn.)

what is train status of CST to Thane (sent from Airoli Stn.)

any news of trains when it get off (sent from Rabale Stn.)

what is the status of central? (sent from Lower Parel)

guys what about train (sent from Sewri Stn.)

cst to ghatkopar train chalu hai? (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)

really? should i go to offixe or no

?? (sent from Ambernath)

towards badlapur status pls???

K ➡N chalu ahe ka ?

trains r running  proper?? 

train towards kasara working ? (sent from Kalyan)

seriously???!!! (sent from Thane Stn.)

why trains are always late  (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)

all trains reguler... those who are sincere are in office, all lazy sleeping at home 

mumbai madhe pawoos aahe kaa??

hi Amy update on trains today? 

Kya scene train ka? (sent from Mulund Stn.)

whats local train status on central line towards Thane from Ghatkopar ? (sent from Vikhroli)

Is there a mega block on CR on 8th July ?

status for dadar to Thane please? (sent from Malad Stn.)

where is amey Chavan ?  (sent from Thakurli Stn.)

mumвrα tσ cѕt ѕtαtuѕ?

thane warun 6: 14 khopoli geli ka,??? (sent from Kalva)

is CST Kalyan train running?? (sent from Churchgate)

train are on time or late? (sent from Vidyavihar)

guys what about karjat khopoli trains (sent from Karjat)

anyone tell me Kalyan fast status kya h?

8.5 fast local from ambernath current location??? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

is there any reason? (sent from Kalva Stn.)

water logging in kalwa? (sent from Kalva)

kalyan to csmt.?

I heard there is possible high tide today. Is it so? pls verify.  (sent from Mulund)

ठाणे ते अंबरनाथ ट्रेन चालू आहेत का? (sent from Kalva)

what abt ghatkopar to jaltan (sent from Vile Parle)

titwala where is (sent from Titwala Stn.)

dombivli to thane train chalu he kya????? (sent from Dativali)

train Kalyan to Titwala are running???  (sent from Kalyan)

are trains moving smoothly??  (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

What about kanjurmarg to dadar?  train running on time ? 

whr is Badlapur fast reached? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

is Vikhroli to Kurla train working? (sent from Kanjur Marg)

trains towards cst running fine? 

Where is 9:35 (From Kalyan) Kasara local now? (sent from Badlapur Stn.)

badlapur train chalu hai kya?  (sent from Badlapur)

what about kurla to thane are trains running slow?? (sent from Chunabhatti)

what about ambernath local (sent from Ambernath)

hi Kalyan main kuch  problem hua hai?????? (sent from Dadar Stn.)

centeral line chalu hai kya? (sent from Mahim Jn Stn.)

 No announcements in train as to why train has halted between Nahur Mulund since so long. (sent from Mulund Stn.)

train from Thane to CST running? (sent from Airoli)

Dadar to Thane?? (sent from Khar Road Stn.)

central me train ka pro he?  (sent from Vashi Stn.)

hope trains are running normal now?

what is the train status from ulhasnagar to cst (sent from Ambernath)

kalyan to cst trains started or not ?

whether train are running at than?? (sent from Shahad Stn.)

where is the khopoli train 11.01 at shelu station (sent from Shelu Stn.)

what's the train status in kalyan station??  (sent from Kalyan)

is there is a raining in dadar  (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

what is the status of kasara to csmt

kalyan se ambernath train??

what's about 6:24 karjat fast (sent from Dadar Stn.)

hello frands? train kitna delay hai bata do (sent from Kalyan)

is train running frm kurla to dadar ?  (sent from Kurla Stn.)

hello.. are trains running on time or?

cst to kalyan chalu hai? (sent from Churchgate)

Thane ke yahan rail.roko chal rah he ?? (sent from Kalyan)

Trains are running ok from ambernath to thane? please tell 

any train issue ??? (sent from Dombivli)

what's a problem between cst to dadar train has not coming (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)

thane vashi line chalu hai?

@tejas rokade abhijit doke ko pehchanta h kya?

are the trains late? (sent from Kopar Stn.)

trains chalu hai kya??? (sent from Cotton Green Stn.)

kurla station working or is it hault?

kurla ka Kya scene ha? (sent from Chembur)

water logging any where? (sent from Thane Stn.)

khopoli trains r on time or not? (sent from Kanjur Marg)

English pliss? (sent from Vile Parle)

badlapur to thane what update 

how is the situation between vidyavihar and dadar (sent from Vidyavihar Stn.)

Any status  about Kalyan To CSMT ? (sent from Shahad)

csmt - titwala local status?? (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

6:50 am train from CST is on time???? (sent from Ambernath)

Central re problem hour?  (sent from Churchgate)

? (sent from Rabale Stn.)

referring from Kalyan to Badlapur ??

metro ka status kya he ghatkopar se? (sent from Shahad Stn.)

thane-Vashi chlu hai ky?  (sent from Badlapur)

train updates please?

What is the condition @Kanjur Marg anyone knows? 

at masjid station when train will come  (sent from Masjid Stn.)

where is khopoli train

really which news (sent from Airoli Stn.)

what is the status of Badlapur stn

byculla to thana chalu  ahe ka trains? (sent from Lower Parel)

is it raining in thane? (sent from Virar)

What about thane to ambernath train (sent from Koparkhairne)

CST to Badlapur? (sent from Cst Stn.)

are fast trains running on platform 5 and 6 ?  (sent from Elphinstone Road Stn.)

kalwa station me pani bhar gya h ??

are train on time in central line? (sent from Shahad)

Are trains running on time? (sent from Churchgate)

why train stuck between thane to kalwa (sent from Thane Stn.)

hey...whats train status from thane?

what happened  (sent from Ghatkopar)

where is 4:13 Dadar Badlapur fast local (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)

is there any waterlogging in ulhasnagar? (sent from Ambernath Stn.)

why trains are late today 

is it on time dear plzzz kindly update???

can anyone tell me that is there a megablock at Thane or not? please reply to me. (sent from Dahisar)

kurla se badlapur me liye abhi konsa train hai? (sent from Kurla Stn.)

is train on time?? for kasara (sent from Gtb Nagar Stn.)

is central trains going till Dadar?? (sent from Thane Stn.)

Kalyan to Badlapur what is status (sent from Dativali)

what about cst to kurla  (sent from Sandhurst Road)

what about in thane (sent from Parel Stn.)

??? (sent from Churchgate)

what about thane to kalyan (sent from Kalva)

late ? (sent from Kanjur Marg)

are trains from shahad on time? (sent from Shahad)

Bro any update on current status from Dombivali to CST ? (sent from Mumbra)

dombivali to thane trains working on time??  (sent from Thane Stn.)

Dombivli se Ghatkopar train chalu h kya? (sent from Dombivli)

kasara? (sent from Vasind Stn.)

?? (sent from Andheri)

why late??😢 (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

where is 651 thane Badlapur train  (sent from Mumbra Stn.)

wht sts from dadar to dombivili?  (sent from Mahalakshmi Stn.)

How is Ghatkopar to Dadar?  (sent from Mulund)

kurla -thane? (sent from Vidyavihar)

karjat to cst train status. are running on time?

what is the status of mumbai jaipur superfast (12955)train

From thane to Ambernath running on time or not 

kalwa to dadar train ki frequency kya hai???? (sent from Kalva Stn.)

byc to ghatkopar train working?  please let us know  (sent from Reay Road Stn.)

water logged from Kurla to parel ,train are running but very slow ,kindly avoid travelling do only when necessary.

khopoli train kidhar hai? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

c s t to Kalyan 🚆 brabr chalrhi he kya?? (sent from Masjid)

panvel trains chalu hai?

is central line running?

are trains running from Thane to Kurla? (sent from Airoli)

on which platform it ll halt (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

nikli kya? (sent from Thakurli Stn.)

Are trains running? or stopped? (sent from Nahur Stn.)

where is 10.10 kasara train now ? 

where is khopoli train ,pls update (sent from Dadar Stn.)

? (sent from Bhandup)

what about train status between thane to titwala (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)

what's problem  (sent from Dombivli)

Thane to Kasara train status?  (sent from Kalva)

what is status of train from thane? (sent from Airoli Stn.)

trains are running on time? 

CST se down mein train ka kya status h?? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

kalyan to CST train are working? (sent from Kalyan)

please give me update for thane to Kalyan is running or not

paus kadi parynt asel ajun???

what is status of train on western line (sent from Nalla Sopara)

what happened to central line (sent from Mulund Stn.)

what is the reason  (sent from Mulund Stn.)

11.42 train from Mulund to thane when reach Mulund (sent from Mulund Stn.)

from thane 4.20 kasara where is right now (sent from Thakurli)

pls cnf anybody what is the condition of badlapur to cst 🚆 (sent from Badlapur)

where are asangaon train (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

is the train running on time from Dombivali to cst (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)

any idea about metro?

Bhandup to dadar train kiti let ahet tari...? (sent from Bhandup)

Bhiwandi se  Panvel train running or not

Status of slow trains from CST towards Thane?  (sent from Marine Lines Stn.)

byculla to Thane TRAINs ahet ka ? (sent from Byculla Stn.)

what is the issue ? (sent from Ambernath Stn.)

kurla dadar working hai? (sent from Nerul Stn.)

is there any train running between Kalyan to ghatkoper (sent from Churchgate)

Thane - CST train working ? Please Guide (sent from Mulund)

how much late (sent from Dadar Stn.)

abhi kaha hai? (sent from Nahur)

guys trains are running from kalyan to cst on time?

what is status of 7.13 ambernath csmt fast?? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

kurla to Matunga what's Problem  (sent from Kurla)

please help me with ghatkopar to Thane?  (sent from Ghatkopar)

any trains moving towards cst? (sent from Kopar)

dear what about south Mumbai for train  (sent from Neral Stn.)

how are train runnibg on central line (sent from Kopar)

what about cst to kalyan????? (sent from Mumbai Central Stn.)

how can u summon bot?

what about vithalwadi to Mulund (sent from Vithalwadi)

as per news trains are started between vitthlwadi & kalyan all the trains are 20-25 mind late but anyone has any idea about kalyan kasara line? (sent from Ambivli Stn.)

thane to ambernath train status?? (sent from Turbhe)

guys thane to cst are trains running??

what's the status now  (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

is there train problem (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)

What's the status for karjat side (sent from Shahad)

what is the status kalam to cst (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)

all trains on time??? (sent from Elphinstone Road)

what about Dadar to Kalyan trains

1:28 csmt cancelled?  (sent from Thane Stn.)

mulund se dadar train chalu hai??? aur dadar se tb hospital share taxi chalu hai???hospital jana hai..

train on slow track working or not? (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)

fast Train to Kalyan?  (sent from Grant Road)

4:02 v-fast is late or not

is karjat trns r on time ? (sent from Borivali)

every Sunday railway takes Mega block what do they ? during this period? can any railway authority kindly provide justification?? (sent from Thane Stn.)

now working the train?  (sent from Churchgate)

ambernath to thane train timing??

train thane se aage going ki nai? (sent from Mulund)

where is the 1:38 CST diva fast train (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

are trains working from CST to badlapur?? (sent from Goregaon)

thane Tak hi chalrai suna me? (sent from Kopar Stn.)

what is the status of train running towards kalyan (sent from Vithalwadi)

what is status train  (sent from Masjid Stn.)

is it raining in Karjat ? (sent from Byculla Stn.)

area trains on time?

what is the status of trains guys ??

Any update on fast track dadar to thane? (sent from Dadar)

any problem at thane Station?

which is the best train

What is the fast train status from kalyan (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

cst to kalyan running or not ? (sent from Bhandup Stn.)

trains are let or not? in central line (sent from Vithalwadi)

ambernath to cst working? (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)

Kon bolala? (sent from Badlapur)

train for CST from karjat?? (sent from Neral Stn.)

???

what about ghatkopar to Kalyan (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)

what is the sion status 

 where is thane to cst 9 am local?  (sent from Thane Stn.)

asangaon station varun train chalu ahe ka?

which news channel (sent from Bhandup)

arey koi toh btao ye train thane ki taraf bad kyn ni rhi h ????

m at Thane but stay in Dombivli .. office se niklu ya nahi.. trains for Dombivli hai? (sent from Thane Stn.)

kalyan se mulund tak train ki abhi ki update kya hai?

trains are working rt now but we cant say what'll happen the next hour

are taxis working around matunga?? I want to board the train from matunga

R trains running on time?

kurla to Kalyan what is the status (sent from Chunabhatti)

what's the problem why train stop in kalwa (sent from Kalva Stn.)

is there any problem at kalyan? (sent from Badlapur)

train are om time? (sent from Karjat Stn.)

trains chalu h vv to mumbra? (sent from Vidyavihar)

what is the status of train delay 

what happened (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)

whates the current status of train from dombivli station to vidyavihar ? (sent from Dombivli)

Is central railway on time?

what's the scene of dadar station and kurla stations?  (sent from Tilak Nagar Stn.)

trains are late or on time?? (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

8.47 thane csmt local cancelled???  (sent from Thane Stn.)

nalasopara ke bahar woh idli wala khada h kya?

what is the status of up fast trains 

is train running between Kurla to thane?? (sent from Kurla Stn.)

what happened at thane any?? (sent from Thane)

some please tell what is status of trains between karjat to kalyan

byculla to dombivli? (sent from Mumbai Central)

Are  trains running between Thane and Dadar? (sent from Kalva)

what about kasara to thane?

Dadar to Khar trains are there ? (sent from Thane Stn.)

 thane to kalyan slow working or not?

cst to thane .... update pls ?  (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)

what status of kalyan? (sent from Thakurli Stn.)

what is status of trains from bhaykhala (sent from Mulund)

what is the status from badlapur station

rain status at badlapur Station? 

train which was stopped between shahad to ambivli has started now (sent from Shahad)

Kanjurmarg to dombivali chalu Hai ky? (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)

are train available From kurla to Kalyan!? kindly inform (sent from Thakurli)

where is d train (sent from Byculla Stn.)

where is train from Thane the 8:27 titwala train (sent from Thane Stn.)

what is train stuts

Dadar to Kurla... any delay..  ?

what is central line status?  (sent from Koparkhairne Stn.)

where u reached now?

kurla se mumbra chalu h kya..?? (sent from Chunabhatti)

what happened in kalyan (sent from Shahad)

Hi.. Whats the train status in central?

it's clear between Dadar and CSMT, give me updates for Thane?

what about karjat to dadar  (sent from Karjat Stn.)

thane to dadar trains daud rahi hai barabarse kya ? please update  (sent from Mulund Stn.)

आसनगाव ठाणे लोकल कुठे आहे? (sent from Thakurli Stn.)

what is the status of trains from CSMT to kalyan

mumbra to kasara clear hae ?

are there any train working from ghatkopar to dadar ? (sent from Vidyavihar)

cst to bhandup? (sent from Mumbai Central)

Harbour and Central both?  (sent from Govandi Stn.)

dadar kurla ke trains mein koi issue hai kya? ki acche se chal rahe hai?? (sent from Dahisar Stn.)

y are trains late???  (sent from Chinchpokli Stn.)

From mumbra to kurla whts the contion if anyone traveling.??

are trains running properly from Dombivli to CST??  (sent from Kopar)

what is the condition of train between kalyan to ambarnath 

what about dombivili to kurla? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

Ulhasnagar te thane trains chalu aahet ka kiti time late aahet ?  (sent from Nerul)

what's condition of Train

ok thanks BT what about slow trains are they on time ? (sent from Kalyan)

are trains running from Kalyan?

what is status of karjat train 9.18 from kalyan (sent from Kalyan)

does anyone know why have they halted all trains between thakurli n kyn?  (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

are fast trains on time from Dadar? (sent from Elphinstone Road Stn.)

train status* ?? (sent from Dockyard Road Stn.)

khopoli train status?  (sent from Dombivli)

what is problem (sent from Vikhroli)

Ghatkopar to thane status? (sent from Ghatkopar)

heard there is a train issue at nahur and mulund, is it true? 

sure bro????

What is the status of slow locals (sent from Kurla)

Kasara to cst  train chalu  he ky? (sent from Koparkhairne)

how is badlapur to CST trains on ti.e anytime

Sion Still Waterlogged?

train is running from Kalyan to cst?  (sent from Ambernath Stn.)

what is the position between Sion and Matunga (sent from Elphinstone Road)

what about the jalwa to dadar (sent from Kalva Stn.)

what is status of karjat to thane traim (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

trains running from ghatkopar to csmt? (sent from Ghatkopar)

Where did badlapur fast bhandup halt reached now?? (sent from Nahur Stn.)

what about the karjat local the train has arrived till badlapur  (sent from Badlapur Stn.)

?? (sent from Mulund Stn.)

what about harbor line Thane to panvel

trains status? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

wht about karasa train??  (sent from Kalyan)

Hi friends everything fine? (sent from Dombivli)

are there trains from kanjur to kalva ?

train chalu aahet ka? (sent from Vithalwadi Stn.)

is cst to thane train working? 

thank you... is it still raining? (sent from Ambernath Stn.)

are trains running from badlapur to cstm? (sent from Badlapur Stn.)

is any train running towards dombivli? 

is the train working from thane to ambernath? (sent from Dombivli)

what happened (sent from Kalyan)

factual position is the trains are running late by 15-20 mins but the trains which are coming those are packed and you cannot board them ultimately you get delayed by 30-45 mins. secondly now the news is matunga and sion slow track is flooded so more delay will be there. 

what is the status of trains is it on time

what is status of badlapur (sent from Badlapur)

nilesh... was stuck between Thane and mulund from an hour... somehow I reached mulund and took the train back to home... when I messaged I'd already reached diva... got clear scenario?  (sent from Kopar Stn.)

kalwa ?

where is karjat train (sent from Ambernath Stn.)

trains r working properly..? (sent from Marine Lines Stn.)

खड़ावली ते ठाणे रेल्वे चालू आहेत का"?

locals train are running or not ? kindly update towards Thane to cstm.

kiti minutes late ahet???  (sent from Nahur Stn.)

what is status from thane to ambernath train

is there water logging in any of central line stations? (sent from Dombivli)

what is the current status of central Railway train

what is status of trains now?  (sent from Juinagar Stn.)

are trains running and what is the situation at sion?

what scenario in mulund??? (sent from Andheri)

what is states of central line (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)

Mulund se cst chalu h train ? (sent from Mulund)

are trains working to ambivli? (sent from Charni Road Stn.)

what about Dadar to badlapur (sent from Dadar Stn.)

Are traons running ?

kurla to Thane status?

what is train issue

wats the situation in Sion kurla n parel?? (sent from Dombivli)

Asangaon 6:17 ? (sent from Mulund Stn.)

are trains running between kurla to dadar?

trains for diva working ??????

are trains working from thane to dombivli???

Ghatkopar to Kalyan r running??  (sent from Santa Cruz Stn.)

how to go jalgoan to thane

what about from dadar to cst train o. time or what (sent from Mahim Jn Stn.)

status from Dadar to Kalyan?

is the metro working fine

shahad to CST pls update?  (sent from Shahad Stn.)

 cstm to thane chalu hain train ki band hai ? (sent from Sandhurst Road)

Are trains running properly towards cst? (sent from Shahad Stn.)

pls can anyone tell the train after 4pm will go to sion or not? (sent from Dombivli)

badlapur kalyan trains? (sent from Vidyavihar)

what about ambernath train

but trains are running ?? (sent from Ambernath)

Train status?  toward kalyan from kanjur 

Thane Dombivli chalu ahe ka? (sent from Koparkhairne Stn.)

7:50 Ambarnath? (sent from Kurla Stn.)

train status??? (sent from Diva Jn)

trains for titvala are available??? (sent from Mulund Stn.)

train welewar ahet ka? (sent from Currey Road Stn.)

11.49 train in kurla still not came when it will come plz let us know

delayed dont know why (sent from Mumbra Stn.)

khopoli?????

from Thane?

sion to thane?? (sent from Gtb Nagar Stn.)

fast line band?? (sent from Jogeshwari Stn.)

kalyan to Kasara? (sent from Khar Road)

can any one please tell me how cheek bus service details for Kalyan to Nalasopara (sent from Churchgate)

kalyan 9.18 kuthe ahe ?? (sent from Badlapur)

what status from badlapur to kyn (sent from Badlapur)

is the trains running from thane t cst?  (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)

what is the status of dombivali (sent from Nilje)

if 11101 train is late? (sent from Panvel Stn.)

Central line working ahe ka ? (sent from Elphinstone Road)

wht is the status at dombivli?  (sent from Dombivli)

not only late sometimes railway cancel some trains without giving specific reason. They must tell us why it has been cancelled. m i right? 

 Im coming from Pune.....is this wl b gud idea to come by train?

trains are let or on time? 

what is the status of central line

sion me kya hal hai?

Mulund se Kalyan.. what's status? 

how i can go kalamboli from panvel (sent from Sandhurst Road Stn.)

what about up trains

Kalyan to karjat chalu ahet ka??? (sent from Neral)

kasara to kalyan train chalu hai kya ?

what about sion railway station its flooding or ok

what is the status towards shahad station (sent from Byculla)

Auto working in kalyan? (sent from Thane Stn.)

what about Kasara?

pubg anyone? (sent from Rabale)

vikhroli to CST ? (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)

central railway running or not?

bhandup to thane train working? (sent from Mankhurd)

train status from dadar to Thane? (sent from Mahim Jn)

what status of thane to karjat train now?  (sent from Vashi Stn.)

Are the fast trains towards Kalyan running?

now,where is Karjat fast train reach? (sent from Goregaon)

is it safe to travel from bhandup to mahalaxmi? (sent from Kanjur Marg)

 where khopoli local

vashi thane running or not? (sent from Juinagar Stn.)

thane to ambernath trains running or not 

less rush in slow local from Dadar to Ghatkopar! any specific reason ? i am surprised (sent from Chunabhatti)

From Thane to klyn working???

udya train chalu aahet ka ??? (sent from Dombivli)

CST to Badlapur chalu ahe ka? (sent from Dadar Stn.)

is there khopoli train there tomorrow morning (sent from Mankhurd Stn.)

where is dadar local now.. seems all slow dadar locals are cancelled (sent from Matunga Road Stn.)

please replay me anyone what status are cst to sion (sent from Masjid Stn.)

what is the status of 5.30 Kalyan fast from Dadar? (sent from Dadar Stn.)

where is karjat train? 

nope...where it is now?? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

from Thane to csmt train are running? (sent from Koparkhairne Stn.)

what abt from thane to titwala (sent from Vashi Stn.)

Karjat to cst fast train kaha phochi?  any update 

 can somebody plz guide on local time what time from Parel to Badlapur about after 1 noon  (sent from Elphinstone Road)

what happened?? is train late ?? (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)

Are trains of central line working properly? and is there any water clogging?

are trains running on time ? (sent from Ambernath)

ghatkopar to thane, trains moving? (sent from Ghansoli)

kalyan to Thane trains on time? (sent from Shahad)

Thane to csmt train Chalu aahet Ka? slow train.... kute water logging zala aahe Ka ajun? (sent from Nahur)

what abt thane to Mulund working  (sent from Mulund)

trains are running?

Ghatkopar to Kalyan trains running?

r trains running on time?

kanjur to vidyavihar train is working or not? (sent from Kanjur Marg)

trains are available for Ambernath to kalyan?

central line me? (sent from Shahad)

are trains running from kurla to dadar? (sent from Tilak Nagar Stn.)

kasara local 4:20 from Thane.....running on-time?

is the central train working

kanjurmarg to thane chalu h kya? (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)

Is there any strike or something  (sent from Bhandup Stn.)

What is the status of fast trains from csmt to dombivli (sent from Masjid Stn.)

?

where is karjat slow local  (sent from Mumbra Stn.)

1.15 kasara from thane train status???? (sent from Thane Stn.)

anyone can please update me status on kanjurmarg station? (sent from Dombivli)

why???? (sent from Nahur)

what time does train me from khopoli

why not make good use of community? Other platforms aren't enough to  read/forward jokes 😊 (sent from Koparkhairne Stn.)

what is ट्रेन status Ghatkopar to kalayn (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

what's the status of train of central line (sent from Mulund)

? (sent from Dombivli)

Thane to Mumbra slow line ?? (sent from Juinagar)

r train running towards karjat ???? (sent from Kalyan)

anyone??  (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

what about asangaon train (sent from Thane)

...?

karjat to CST ?

is Titwala train running? (sent from Khar Road Stn.)

what is the status between ghatkopar and dadar 

what ur letting 

what is the problem at Kalwa station.   (sent from Kalva Stn.)

what about live status (sent from Matunga Stn.)

11:33 karjt from ambernath train kaha hai ????? 

what about Kalyan to cst

?

Train chalri??? (sent from Kalyan)

titawala to cst train is running or not?   (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)

late some what but it working (sent from Thane Stn.)

are trains working from badlapur towards csmt?  (sent from Ghatkopar)

dombivli to dadar trains r going? (sent from Dombivli)

Are trains running late from Kalyan  ? (sent from Nahur)

pune side express are on time? (sent from Shahad)

cstm from kalyan fast train?? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

when train will come ??? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

trains working from Kalyan to cst or not please reply ? (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)

Alot of Delays,what's the matter?

Trains are running from Dombivali to Thane? (sent from Nilje)

Kalyan to Mulund trains time pe h??? (sent from Shahad)

why what happened  (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

Trains running from ghatkopar to CST??? (sent from Ghatkopar)

what about thane karjat where is it now

Does anyone know where is Totals CSTM fast local (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

Dadar to Kalyan train status? (sent from Khar Road Stn.)

what about cst to dombivli? (sent from Churchgate)

mulund to cst chalu hai? (sent from Mulund Stn.)

what about khopoli train at 8.22 from dombivali station ? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

is it on time?

trains is it close?  (sent from Malad)

Is there any issue @kurla.. (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

thane to cst working ?? (sent from Airoli)

thane to ghat ko par status ??

training frm dadar to dombivali??? (sent from Currey Road Stn.)

you are taking about trans harbour line?

what is the status of trains from cstm (sent from Kalyan)

towards titwala r trains running? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

Thane Kalyan updates? on time?  (sent from Nerul Stn.)

what hapn between kalwa n thane (sent from Kalva)

are local trains running on time??? (sent from Mulund Stn.)

any updates from Parel station? (sent from Lower Parel)

what about kasara are trains running towards? (sent from Shahad)

rain is falling or not

is central line working?

trains are running or not ? (sent from Elphinstone Road Stn.)

status from kurla to Ghatkopar ? (sent from Chembur)

what is status at shahad

r the trains running? (sent from Kalyan)

ulhasanagar cst are working? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

what about ambernath badlapur?? (sent from Thane Stn.)

what's the status of train from Ambarnath 

trains from Badlapur to kalyan chalu hey Kya? 

anyone at Vidyavihar station? (sent from Bhandup)

is train late? (sent from Kalyan)

what abut karjt to cstm ?

khopoli train left from dadar????  (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

is asangaon to cst on time? 

is train running towards cst? (sent from Vithalwadi Stn.)

kiseko ko bhiwandi-kopar train patha he kya kidar pauchi????

 what about Kalyan cst

I am going to khadavli my train is stopped last 40 min so what is problem (sent from Marine Lines Stn.)

trains between kalyan to neral running on time ? plz update  (sent from Kalyan)

cst to thane train chalu h ?? (sent from Bhandup Stn.)

Ulhasnagar to thane? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

what about train to CST

badlapur 4.54 from Dombivali is  canceled?  (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

Ambernath to csmt trains are on time or running late??? (sent from Ambernath Stn.)

train chal raha hai ya thap pad gaya??? (sent from Mulund Stn.)

ghatkopr to domb k liye trains hai ki nahi?

or at least are they working..? (sent from Ghansoli)

central train status are on time ? (sent from Airoli Stn.)

?

frm kasara? 

how is the waterlogging in Thane?

chinchpokli to kanjurmarg chalu hai kya ? (sent from Chinchpokli Stn.)

Job?

what is the issue  (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)

trains on time today? (sent from Kalyan)

where CSMT train? from karjat

baarish ne khidki, door band karna jaroori hai kya? (sent from Kalyan)

train is on time or not...??  (sent from Matunga Stn.)

Kalyan to Cst trains chalu he??? (sent from Kalyan)

what about csmt station (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)

kab thak he? (sent from Thane Stn.)

train are running or not ? (sent from Kalyan)

what abt mulund stn (sent from Thane)

thane to dombivli aahe ka ?? (sent from Ghansoli)

Mumbai to Karjat Train? (sent from Koparkhairne)

subah train chalu rahegi kya?? 😂😂 (sent from Kalyan)

8.47 to karjat frm ambarnath is it on time? (sent from Ambernath)

what is the status of trains in thakurli station (sent from Thakurli Stn.)

 whether trains from ghatkopar to airoli running on time? (sent from Vidyavihar)

what abt curry road to ghatkopar (sent from Currey Road Stn.)

udhya centre line chalu ahe ka?

latest update? (sent from Andheri Stn.)

trains running from karjat to pune? (sent from Ambernath)

is there mega block today?

Any one knows the reason ??

thane to kalyan status kai ahe?

Thane se Kurla train hai kya???

what's the status from Kalwa to CSMT (sent from Thane)

how about rain ?? intesity of rain is down today or not ?

are trains running on time??? (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)

what is train status (sent from Marine Lines Stn.)

why are the trains stopped at vidhya vihar ?  (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

ghatkopar to vashi trains?? (sent from Ghatkopar)

6.51 thane badlapur cancelled??? is that confirmed (sent from Kalva Stn.)

is there train running properly

what about central train status (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)

traim on time from kalyan to CSMT ?  (sent from Dativali)

Dombivali to cst?

trains are running proper on not? (sent from Kalva)

badlapur train? (sent from Badlapur)

cst se badlapur ja rahi hai kya ? (sent from Byculla Stn.)

Is train on time in ghatkopar or close to the time? (sent from Vidyavihar)

hi can any one tell if 8.24 slow local from thane left ? if thane starting trains are there? (sent from Thane)

why trains are stop in vikroli? (sent from Vidyavihar Stn.)

what is the condition of trains coming to kalyan from ghatkopar

what's the situation at thane Station?  (sent from Badlapur)

kurla- kanjur? working?

train situation? (sent from Dombivli)

How many time take to reach mughal sarai..?

Sion to mulund train running???  (sent from Sion Stn.)

Dadar to Mulund trains on time?

where is karjat fast train now (sent from Kalva)

you got train Mayuri??? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

where is ladies special kalyan train?  (sent from Thane Stn.)

is this safe to go mumbai central bai dadar i will be reached at kurla 12:35 (sent from Nerul Stn.)

are trains running ??? (sent from Tilak Nagar Stn.)

what is the train status thane 

any status fast train??? (sent from Dombivli)

Kalyan to Thane what is the status??? (sent from Kalyan)

pls update on vikhroli to dadar...train delayed ??? (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)

 how to go haji ali dargah from bhayndr? (sent from Bhayander)

ulhasnagar to dadar are trains are running? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

dadar to thane status please?  (sent from Matunga Road Stn.)

news are coming that water has started logging on sion station tracks..is it true? (sent from Vikhroli)

parel to kurla train is available?? (sent from Elphinstone Road)

where is kasara train right now plz say with time  (sent from Titwala Stn.)

5:59 cst to Badlapur kaha par hai..? (sent from Ambernath Stn.)

what is status of 4.26 badlapur from Ghatkopar (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

are the trains on time? 

what about dadar water block

does trains are running on time????? (sent from Kalva Stn.)

how much? (sent from Vithalwadi)

what is last train schedule towards kurla (sent from Khar Road Stn.)

fast tairn hai on-time?  (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

are the trains in central like working?  (sent from Mumbai Central Stn.)

train from dadar to vikhroli are running or not?  (sent from Jogeshwari Stn.)

WHAT IS STATUS OF TRAIN FROM KALYAN? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

Curreyroad to Vikhroli status? (sent from Cotton Green)

from ghatkopar to Badlapur?

kurla se fast train chalu hain kya ? (sent from Govandi Stn.)

are trains running from Thane to dombivali?? (sent from Ghansoli Stn.)

what is current status of train pls update

any trains from Badlapur? (sent from Badlapur)

n what abt slow train? (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)

ambernath to neral working...? (sent from Ambernath)

what is the status of train  (sent from Mumbra)

any idea abt 3:02 badlapur  ?

where is 10:10 Thane local train?  (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

r the trains unning on time ????? (sent from Kopar)

what about titwala fast 5.43 running on time ya no (sent from Mahim Jn Stn.)

Thane mai trains chalu hai kya? (sent from Dombivli)

any issues on central line?  (sent from Badlapur Stn.)

r trns workng??? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

train status from Dombivli? (sent from Dombivli)

are trains working from dombivali? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

Kurla se panvel k liye train chalu hai kya??

running or not?

fast train from thane to dadar???  (sent from Kalva)

central railway local train status ?? (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)

janashatabdi train status ?? (sent from Bhandup)

where is karajat train (sent from Badlapur Stn.)

thane to ghatkopar local on time chal rhi hai ??? (sent from Ghansoli)

is there any problem with trains (sent from Mankhurd)

what is status of Central trains? i want to travel from Mulund to Currey Road (sent from Mulund)

central train status abt Kalyan to cst ?? (sent from Vidyavihar)

are trains running from Cst to thane?  (sent from Vile Parle)

what is the problem are the train started

shahad se kalyan train chalu hai kya?

Vikroli to CST train chalu hai kya ?

what the status from kalyan?  (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)

khopoli kaha tak pochi? pls update (sent from Badlapur Stn.)

okie 1 week ka chutti approved na? (sent from Charni Road Stn.)

are trains on time in Central? 

kalyan to badlapur train chalu aahet ka ?

why trains r late on ambernath route? (sent from Vithalwadi Stn.)

why trains are late today (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

what is the condition of train on central line

kalyan to titwala train chalu hai kya? (sent from Mulund Stn.)

any problem at kari Road station? (sent from Dadar Stn.)

amber nath to cst what is the present status pl help (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

trns r running properly or not?? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

what about VT (sent from Shahad)

is it resolved now ?

are trains working from ghatkopar to Titwala?  (sent from Goregaon)

where is karjat train? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

where the overhead wire is broken (sent from Dahisar)

kurla to Badlapur??????

what about Thane to Dadar??  (sent from Airoli Stn.)

what is position from Kalyan to cstm (sent from Kalyan)

What happened madam???

y??  (sent from Ambernath Stn.)

what about central line 

is Thane to Kurla line running ok?

where in khopoli train now  (sent from Palasdhari Stn.)

csmt to thane train running?

any status why in central line slow tracks are late?

is there any problem (sent from Sion Stn.)

is train running from thane to kalyan?

what is the situation abt trains

Dombivli trains working or not?

central line train on the time? (sent from Bhandup)

trains chalu h kyaa?? (sent from Bhandup)

thane to badlapur chalu ahe ka? (sent from Mira Road Stn.)

where is 2:13 CST fast from thane please tell (sent from Mumbra)

are the trains running ? 

train from Ambernath?

are trains are late by 30 to 40 mins??

are trains available from Kalyan to karjat?  (sent from Shahad)

are trains running on time? (sent from Kanjur Marg)

watt abt soon?? (sent from Gtb Nagar Stn.)

What about from mulund to cst?? (sent from Mulund)

Is Gaimukh road now functional?

can anyone tell me what is wrong with central line?

bhaai log dombivali to ghaatkopar chalu h kya? (sent from Thakurli)

is khopoli train 8:30 from kalyan on time?

how should we know (sent from Mulund)

 paragati express.. ?statua?  (sent from Thane Stn.)

Status of train from Kurla to Thane pls?

kurla to Dadar train chalu ahet ka?

how long it took from sion to parel

फास्ट ट्रेन ला प्रॉब्लेम आहे की स्लो ट्रेन ला ?? (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

from kalyan?? 

Dadar to thane .. working ?? (sent from Elphinstone Road)

where is 10.44 cst local from Dombivli (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

Central line chalu ahe ka?

what is the status for Bhandup to CSMT (sent from Bhandup Stn.)

what happened?? (sent from Vithalwadi)

train on time? (sent from Shahad)

is the train working from ghatkopar to byculla?

are trains running? 

Badlapur la kya status hai train ka??  (sent from Badlapur)

train status from kalyan towards kasara working?

actually what's the problem why train is late  (sent from Churchgate Stn.)

what's current status of train from Kalyan to CST side

  what about down line towards ambernath (sent from Dombivli)

what happened (sent from Mulund)

traina running on time central line? (sent from Bhandup)

bhai logon kurla to thane train chalu hai kya ? (sent from Kurla Stn.)

what about kalyan to CSMT

what is status of trains (sent from Churchgate)

is there a mega block tomorrow on central line ?  (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)

is there any issue in matunga? (sent from Boisar)

Ghatkopar to cst fast trains running?  (sent from Vidyavihar Stn.)

what about Ghatkopar to Kalayan

any updates on Maharashtra bandh?  (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)

🚆 🚆 train  chalu hau k nhi mumbra?? 

train status? (sent from Nahur Stn.)

are fast trains running on time? (sent from Nahur)

abhilash? 

train waiting at kurla slow line per kuch problem hai kya ? (sent from Kurla Stn.)

kanjurmarg to kurla train chalu ahe kat. ?

badlapur ke liye trains hai kya? (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)

what status of Kalyan station (sent from Khadavli Stn.)

7:21 fast local from titwala to cstm already 10 to 15 min. late and the local going on slow track .but why? (sent from Dativali)

trains from shahad to ghatkopar?? wht is d status (sent from Shahad)

what is the status of trains going towards down

 Karjat trains are running on????  

is there waterlogging anywhere? (sent from Vikhroli)

where is 7.58 kasara from thane (sent from Shahad)

what is a position? same or worst? from Bhandup not yet started to station (sent from Bhandup)

trains at Thane for kalyan ? (sent from Thane Stn.)

4:40 csmt?? (sent from Sion Stn.)

why are trains late today in central line (sent from Byculla Stn.)

Ghatkopar to Kalyan? 

could anybody who is in the train tell me where is the train toward csmt. (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)

Anyone having Jarvis or Friday?  (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

what is status of central line train??? (sent from Diva Jn)

kasara train status? ? (sent from Shahad)

is there any train at curry road to mulund (sent from Elphinstone Road Stn.)

train running or what

a re trains reaching up to dadar?  (sent from Dombivli)

ghatkopar to cst status????  (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

what is train status from Kalyan to thane (sent from Ambernath)

thane vat train s are running? (sent from Thane Stn.)

what about train time  (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

12:11 Karjat - CSTM ka kalyan timing, late hai ya phir on timr? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

where is 1 o' clocks khopoli train (sent from Thane Stn.)

6:06 cst local from Kalyan aya kya? (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)

ap station pe ho kya?

mumbra to dadar charhai hai...? (sent from Mumbra)

why today train late  (sent from Badlapur)

kasara to dadar working?

Dombivli to ghatkopar trains running normally?? 

how to travel from matunga to bandra?? (sent from Ghatkopar)

are karan bhai where r u..?? (sent from Chunabhatti)

??? (sent from Badlapur Stn.)

7:15, thane? (sent from Badlapur)

hai? (sent from Airoli)

What about the Mega Blocks (sent from Mumbra Stn.)

dadar to ghatkopar trains Chal rahi h?  (sent from Grant Road Stn.)

badlapur to CST train tima var ahe ka ??  (sent from Badlapur)

what is the central line status? (sent from Kalva)

kaun kar raha hai time pass? 

any delay ? (sent from Nahur Stn.)

7.58 thane ? (sent from Bhandup)

आज रात्रि सीएटि ते कल्याण रेल्वे सुरु राहणार आहे का ? (sent from Masjid Stn.)

ghatkopar to thane??? 

trains are running or not? (sent from Badlapur)

is any train working from CST to thane  (sent from Cst)

what happened at mulund  (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)

where is cst fast train (sent from Mulund Stn.)

trains from dadar to dombivali are they running normally?  (sent from Nalla Sopara)

are train from thane to ambernath on time or running?? (sent from Thane Stn.)

any water logging at kurla station?

what about cst to badlapur (sent from Churchgate)

Trains running from kalyan to downside???? (sent from Kalyan)

Are trains running from kalyan to CST??

Where is 9:35 (from Kalyan) Kasara local now ? (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)

ghatkopar to thane?? 

bro timing?

what abt dombivali (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

what's the status of central railway (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)

kasara train status ...?

what's status of thane to titwala

on time or not

what is the issue

4.24 pm Kasara local from on time or not 

hi are trains going up to kalyan only?  (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

what about kurla to thane line trains are delay or not? (sent from Chunabhatti)

thane to karjat trains running ok?

nahur and mulund slow train why stoping (sent from Nahur Stn.)

train from ghatkopar to cst is late or not going ahead of dadar? (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

what about kalyan to kasara are train running or not

can anyone please give any status in badlapur trains  ???? (sent from Rabale)

is there train for thane to kopar khairne (sent from Ghansoli)

from where (sent from Seawood Darave Stn.)

what is the train status at thane (sent from Shahad Stn.)

any idea about badlapur Kalyan line?

are fast trains on time?  (sent from Rabale Stn.)

train running between ghatkopar and kalyan?

Thane to karjat slow train badlapur gele ka?  (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

 Badlapur status? (sent from Badlapur)

from Thane to csmt train are running? (sent from Koparkhairne Stn.)

Kalyan to badlapur? (sent from Shahad)

Kalyan Badlapur what is train Status  (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

?

Shivani kanjurmarg to dombivli train hai kya time pe? (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)

kurla to ghatkopar? (sent from Bandra)

status frm kalyan to thane?

train status ?

kalyan se aage mumbai ki taraf janewali trains chalu hai kya ??

any train issue between sion matunga? (sent from Kalyan)

why cr running late? (sent from Dombivli)

is the tracks flooded at sion? (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

why train stop in bettwin nahur and mullund since 15-20 min

what about thne to kalyan train

where r u i m at school (sent from Mulund Stn.)

where is megablock in central line (sent from Neral Stn.)

kalyan to thane status? (sent from Shahad)

thane to Airoli cha kay? chalu ahe ki, maaru dandi aaj? 😊 (sent from Airoli)

train chal rahi h? (sent from Parel Stn.)

where is khopoli csmt fast (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

what is the train status from dombivali to cst can anyone pls tell

dadr to cst train status?  (sent from Kopar Stn.)

kalyan to dombivali  train start or not???

People who are going towards Dadar should avoid travelling....trains are late by more than an hr.

ambernath now anyone? (sent from Ambernath)

what about thane to cst (sent from Thane)

should I go to college (Mulund) sent from dombivli...? (sent from Dombivli)

kasara trains are working?? 

what's the issue....?

is the train running right time today

trains from CST to Thane is ok? (sent from Marine Lines Stn.)

what are the running status of the train (sent from Vikhroli)

plz update 8:03thne krjt kaha hai?? (sent from Karjat Stn.)

is there trains are late in central line

is thr nybdy who can provide proper update rather thn unnecessary spams (sent from Badlapur)

kurla to ghatkopar which Paris the pass (sent from Ghatkopar)

khopoli to Karjat train r available or not?

basically trains are working fine ?

down trains late??? (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

cst to thane ? (sent from Matunga Stn.)

whether locals are running towards CSMT from Kalyan? (sent from Thakurli)

dombivli to khopoli on time??? (sent from Dombivli)

i want to go to thane... anyone from thane.. is it safe to go to thane???  (sent from Dombivli)

trains are running between sion or kurla? (sent from Kopar)

Ghar se nikalna safe he kya local conditions dekhhe?

any trains available for thane to down?

are trains running on time?

dadar to Ulhasnagar Kya haal hai ? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

kaha jaa rahi hai ?? (sent from Koparkhairne)

what is the status about fast train towards Kalyan

can anyone update about kasara train which left at 3.40 from CST

what about kasara last train..

ghatkopar to thane status ? 

what about fast train

are trains working from Kurla to thane?

thane se CST fast local kitne ka Laga hai Abhi? (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)

how to reach Thane from Borivali?  (sent from Dahisar)

Are Dombivli local runninglate?? (sent from Dombivli)

Badlapur to thane status?

It will be crazy to step out today guys, maybe you will reach your destination now but how will you return in such weather? (sent from Mulund)

are trains running from dombivili..?

why trains r late today? (sent from Thakurli Stn.)

trains are late? (sent from Thakurli)

are the train working from badlapur to cst??

is train on time from ghatkopar to thane..?

train status please!?? (sent from Asangaon Stn.)

what it is status about central railway. (sent from Thane)

are the trains running on time? (sent from Cst)

what about train status now (sent from Dombivli)

what is the status of kurla? (sent from Chembur)

what about Thane locals towards CST?

r the central line trains running ? (sent from Ghansoli)

borivali to virar started ?

plz update ghatkopar to kalyan? (sent from Thakurli Stn.)

is the central line working properly? (sent from Sewri Stn.)

train s are running late ?

what's the train news, are they delayed? (sent from Vithalwadi)

any happens 

4.40 CST ? from sion (sent from Sion Stn.)

where is khopoli fast? (sent from Kopar Stn.)

are trains running on time? (sent from Dahisar Stn.)

is der any delay in central line today??

wers the train bro currently? (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

are trains running on time?

what about trains timing is delayed? 

Trains' status at Dombivali pls ??? (sent from Nilje)

is there any problem upto thane (sent from Vithalwadi Stn.)

where is 4.13 Dadar badlapur fast train (sent from Bhandup Stn.)

dadar to Thane trains are working? (sent from Matunga Road)

mulund to dombivli trains ? status ? (sent from Mulund)

Borivali to Thane bus are working or any delay reported?? (sent from Malad)

Trein let kyu hai??

Mira road se dadar chalu hai kya? (sent from Sandhurst Road Stn.)

can anyone tell me the status of 9.18 Karjat train? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

thane to Kalyan chalu hai kya? (sent from Thane)

what is status of 5.21 train from kalyan

is central railway running from  byculla to ghatkopar??? (sent from Byculla Stn.)

where is karjat train (sent from Kurla Stn.)

kurla mn paani bhara h kya?

thane any problem? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

are trains going to Karjat from Kalyan and from which station?  (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

what's the status of train from kanjurmarg to dadar???? (sent from Kanjur Marg)

where its now?? (sent from Mumbra Stn.)

ulhasnagar Ki train time par ha! ??

what is the status of 1:22 from Badlapur to cst (sent from Badlapur)

abhi trains normal start ho gayi hai kya?? (sent from Badlapur)

Badlapur to Thane Status ? (sent from Badlapur)

any train for badlapur? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

now I m at thane what status of 8.43 asangoan (sent from Thane Stn.)

cst bound train status from mimbra....plz??? (sent from Mumbra)

where is cst fast train (sent from Mulund Stn.)

what's the train status right now

what is present status from Kalyan to cst

status?  (sent from Nahur)

please tell me Ghatkoper status?  (sent from Vikhroli)

is the train going on right? (sent from Dadar Stn.)

are there any trains from Kalyan to CST now why is their status (sent from Thakurli Stn.)

what is the status of central line (sent from Churchgate)

Why so it is happening ? What is the reason (sent from Mahim Jn Stn.)

what about slow trains (sent from Airoli)

what's the train status now??

is this the same 15 car from kalyan? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

cst to ambernath, are the trains running properly?? (sent from Ambernath)

why train stuck between mulund and thane (sent from Thane)

matunga me paani bhara hai kya..?? (sent from Masjid)

mumbra to cst slow train chal rahi hai? (sent from Mumbra Stn.)

are the trains running on central line?

what is the status of train from badlapur to sct

any status from Kalyan to thane train ? (sent from Kalyan)

is central line trains are on time???  (sent from Airoli)

mulund to Dombivali chalu h Kya train?  (sent from Nahur)

what is dom to cst train status (sent from Thakurli Stn.)

how are central trains working? (sent from Jogeshwari)

trains working on central side? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

wada paav? 

is there any disturbance to trains to travel from thane to badlapur?????? if yes then please inform in this chats

कोन आहे का स्टेशन ला?

any updates of trains in Dombivli station??? (sent from Nilje)

R trains working fine? I need to travel from Sion to Lower Parel.  (sent from Sion Stn.)

where r u going ¿ (sent from Thakurli Stn.)

where is kasara train (sent from Titwala Stn.)

where is khopoli to cst fast train reached (sent from Bhandup Stn.)

What is the status @ ?Kurla

what is status from Dadar to Thane  (sent from Sewri Stn.)

any train issued? (sent from Kopar)

train running good at time on central line?

diva to sion any train is there? (sent from Diva Jn)

any updates ? (sent from Dombivli)

R the trains running on time?

what is condition of trains from panvel to cst

are trains working from mulund to Kalyan? (sent from Mulund Stn.)

ट्रेन कुठे आहे ? (sent from Byculla Stn.)

how can u confirm from your station (sent from Mahim Jn)

nerul to thane any block ?? (sent from Nerul Stn.)

how much crowd in thane for dombivili fast (sent from Byculla Stn.)

what delay

Late or stopped? (sent from Ambernath)

where is kalyan fast train  (sent from Vidyavihar Stn.)

Govind kanojia,bro where did the community come in between?? you seem to be an educated moron i guess! (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)

wat no?  (sent from Tilak Nagar)

current running status of central line? Thane to kalyan

what about Vikhroli ? (sent from Thane)

csmt 2 kalyan?  (sent from Masjid)

train from kurjat to kalyan is running or closed ?? 

for local.train update what app on 7718050505 (sent from Thakurli Stn.)

are trains on time on central railway?

what about vishal wadi station.  (sent from Mulund)

dadar to thane ke trains chal rahe hai sahi se?? ya late hai

any update regarding Sion station? (sent from Vidyavihar Stn.)

what about Thane to cst

towards dombivali train??

11bje ki fast local cst ke liye kaha tk pauchi?  (sent from Kopar Stn.)

is it thane cst slow running ? (sent from Kharghar)

why trains are late? (sent from Thane Stn.)

where is 6:35 CSMT from shahad? (sent from Shahad Stn.)

Are trains running normally from Ghatkopar? To Dombivli side (sent from Andheri)

what is train status from badlapur to thane

central running on time?

what is train status of kalyan (sent from Chembur)

central line kalyan to ambernath train chalu hai kya?

Mulund to CST train running or not? (sent from Mulund)

any trains working?

Kalyan to dadar?  (sent from Thakurli)

Thane - Kurla status?

excellent update...not sure why kasara fast took 40 mins to reach Mulund... (sent from Mulund Stn.)

where is 9.49 kalyan  (sent from Byculla Stn.)

what is status of cst-badlapur 9.54, train (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

sion station PR pain bhra hai kya?

what about sion region? any floods? (sent from Mahim Jn Stn.)

will trains be working tmrw morning? (sent from Thane)

where is badlapur train?  (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)

what happened why trains are late

central line chalu he kya thane se csmt? (sent from Ghansoli Stn.)

what about ghatkopar to Kalyan ?

what's the status of train from dadar to kalyan (sent from Grant Road Stn.)

which train  (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

who said (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)

Kanjurmarg to Dadar train traffic chalu hai kya?

train time pe hai ya nai???

is any water logging after sion n kurla (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

kalyan to cstms train chalu hai kay? (sent from Mulund Stn.)

Is the trains running properly b/w cst and kanjurmarg. I am arriving mumbai tommorow early morning... wll the trains be available? Pls this is urgent

yes helping out people who are stuck (sent from Parel)

where is the train (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)

are the trains leaving from kasara on tym?

what is the current status of upside trains?

by how much time?

Guyz... Wat Abt Mumbai?? Mumbai me Baarish ka haal kya hai?? 

position from dadar to thane? (sent from Borivali Stn.)

who said 

Did anyone completed full journey? (sent from Thane Stn.)

train is on time? (sent from Vithalwadi)

what's the problem 

cst to vikroli train status??  (sent from Masjid)

train lft frm thane Station?  (sent from Mulund Stn.)

what's the update abt train

7:15 kasara train   when it will arrive at titwala (sent from Titwala Stn.)

How's train bet dadar to csmt  (sent from Kings Circle Stn.)

Did Badlapur train reaching Mulund @11.01 left Ghatkopar?? (sent from Mulund Stn.)

what is the current status

dadar to thane? (sent from Dadar Stn.)

is it too crowded?  (sent from Mumbra Stn.)

why are trains slow on 1st platform ? (sent from Bhiwandi Road)

is there any water logging in kurla and sion

train's r running on tym??  (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

train between ghtkpr to  dadr  are workng ? (sent from Juinagar Stn.)

what's the situation at Sion? waterlogging? (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)

१:५३खोपोली ट्रेन आता कुठे आहे? (sent from Shelu Stn.)

?  (sent from Kings Circle Stn.)

mulund to thane working?? (sent from Mulund)

what is train status from thane to badalpur 

ghatkopar to csmt trains running on time? (sent from Vidyavihar)

what about aasangoan train ? (sent from Thane)

how can a person at Nilje tell about status of Sion-Dadar route.? (sent from Tilak Nagar Stn.)

Thane status ? (sent from Rabale)

is there any such thing like rail roko at station? at Thane? u r in Airoli na

where is kasara train (sent from Thakurli Stn.)

trains ka scene kya hai ?

what's the problem on down slow line?? (sent from Nahur)

are trains from CST to Kalyan on time? (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)

what is the current status of cst to dombivali (sent from Kopar Stn.)

can any one is at sion station?please update the track status

vithalwadi to badlapur? (sent from Bandra)

thane to upwards train status?  (sent from Ghansoli Stn.)

any down train towards asangaon?

trian is working? (sent from Mulund)

is there raining in thane ?whats status for thane station ? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

train chalu hai kya  time prle ? (sent from Vasind)

kurla to Dadar moving? (sent from Sanpada)

puch rahe ho ya bata rahe ho?

any issue on central line?

train is too late what problem happen (sent from Mulund)

where is dombivli local (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)

how trains r running today  (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)

Thane to cst trains are running on time????

any update of center line? 

6.47 thane slow train cancelled? 

what is status  from bdl  (sent from Badlapur)

any news why train are late ?

trains r on time ?

how current status kurla ? (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)

mulund to karjat current status?   (sent from Nahur)

why train hault before Kalyan station (sent from Vithalwadi)

Thane to dadar trains are on time or not? 

trains are running late right?  (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

train is going on ?? (sent from Ambernath)

what abt stations between matunga and kurla (sent from Matunga Road Stn.)

any problem between Thane to kalyan?  (sent from Airoli)

Any updates from CST to kalyan? (sent from Churchgate)

Is this ok on central line (sent from Ambernath)

Is any Train Stopped Between thane and kalwa station? (sent from Dombivli)

10.39 cst fast trn from dombivali coming from kasara is late announced .can anyone tell where it is now ? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

why the CR trains running always late ?

are trains running from kurla to thane?  (sent from Kurla Stn.)

hello, karjat to cst train chalu ahe ka 

train are running or not ???? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

train to cst from Thane... status ?? (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)

thane ke aage trains jaa rhi hai Kya? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

any updates on Thane to dadar?

is there any block from kalyan to CSTM?

kitna late hai bhai train?

why are trains late?

koi btayega office jau ya na jau?  (sent from Dativali)

kya sanduhasrt rpad pay train line se khadi hay ? (sent from Kalyan)

what is the issue near to Thane  (sent from Thane)

thane to dadar train on time?

dadar-thane status? (sent from Gtb Nagar Stn.)

up line towards karjat is running? (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

where is Thane train.....I am kalyan station (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

central line status?  (sent from Ghatkopar)

kal chalu hai train?dombivali  (sent from Kopar)

down train status from CSTM toward thane?

what's the status of train for bhandup. ? (sent from Badlapur)

what is the status between sion to thane  (sent from Gtb Nagar)

whats about central line??

are the CR trains going upto CST? 

5:53 karjat, CST fast.... abhi Kidhr h ye trn?? Right time pr h?? (sent from Kalyan)

is it true? (sent from Kalyan)

ulhas to karjat, available hai kya ? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

aaj ka train itakya late? (sent from Ghatkopar)

thane to badlapur trains are running? (sent from Airoli Stn.)

fast down train on time? pls update (sent from Airoli)

CST train chalu he??

dadar to thane status??

what problem at kalyan (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

is dadar to thane trains are working on time????  (sent from Grant Road Stn.)

why trains are delayed from ghatkopar to vikhroli 

is there any problem from bhandup to titwala (sent from Bhandup)

trains are running alright between Thane to Kalyan? (sent from Bhandup)

trains between cst to karjat are on time or not

where is 12.55 kalyan 15 car

hi any update...I heard Ulhasnagar pool near station is filled with water and block the way?? (sent from Dadar Stn.)

what is local train status at vithalwadi.

dadar train running or not ?

Vikhroli to Kalyan train chal rha hai?? (sent from Vikhroli)

central line chalu he?

cst kurla train? (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)

kurla to badlapur  train are running??? (sent from Chunabhatti)

dombivali to CST train time pe hai kya? (sent from Diva Jn)

what about trains from vashi (sent from Andheri)

is any train arriving from kanjur towards bhandup? (sent from Bhandup Stn.)

fast train mumbra se3:57 ki right time hai kya? (sent from Mumbra Stn.)

has train stopped due to rain?  (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

Karjat - CST fast train kuthe aahe ? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

please tell me what about titwala. train running  (sent from Jogeshwari)

thane ke aage trains jaa rhi hai Kya? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

train status from Thane to Byculla? 

Hellooo .... what's the status of 2:47 CST??  (sent from Badlapur)

Anyone in Badlapur train after Thane? where is it? (sent from Ambernath Stn.)

can anyone tell me status of kurla to vashi???? (sent from Sion)

Any status about Titwala trains? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

whats the train running status in central line? (sent from Nahur)

8:20 asangaon from vikhroli where is this  (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)

what is local train running status (sent from Kandivali)

train status from thane to kalyan?  (sent from Dombivli)

How about Dombivli to CST? (sent from Dombivli)

trains towards cst itni late q hey? (sent from Kalva)

central railway running in time or not? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

central line ki train chalu hai kya?? (sent from Churchgate Stn.)

how is it from kurla to bhandup

what is the status of train from Kalyan to CSTM? (sent from Vile Parle)

Ambernath  ? (sent from Ambernath Stn.)

wht abt 4:53 badlapur  ? (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)

???? (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)

train working from thane to dombivali any update.?? (sent from Kopar Stn.)

Is there any issue near thane station????  Local is halted at thane...

what about teain status from cst to kalyan (sent from Andheri)

Ghatkoper  to Ambernath train running status? 

pune train are running or not? (sent from Khandeshwar)

whats the status of the train now??

came or not??  (sent from Thakurli)

i have my interview in thane should i consider going by train today ?  (sent from Sandhurst Road)

where is khopoli cat fast train? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

what is the train status from kanjur to CST?

???? (sent from Vidyavihar Stn.)

is central trains working ? (sent from Thane Stn.)

good morning every one ghatkopar se thane chal Rahi hai kya? (sent from Ghatkopar)

dombivali stucked train status Kay he? (sent from Dombivli)

what is the status of titwala to cst  (sent from Titwala Stn.)

cstm to Kalyan trains are running??? pls update current status (sent from Byculla Stn.)

where is karjat train  (sent from Vangani Stn.)

are fast trains running?

are trains to Cst working normal? waiting at platform 1, 6.57 train still not arrived?  (sent from Thane Stn.)

why not slow train stop vidyavihar (sent from Kurla Stn.)

has anything happened at thane station?

what is the status of Kalyan - Thane trains (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

what is the status of vasion station (sent from Mumbra Stn.)

kalyan to cst trains ?? (sent from Kalyan)

dombivili to Ghatkopar chalu hai?  (sent from Chembur)

ambernath ke liye  local chalu hai  kya?  please reply. (sent from Navade Road)

wht is d status of karjat trn????  plzzzz reply 

karjat trn chalu hai kya ? (sent from Ambivli)

central line karjat train on time for karjat?  (sent from Charni Road Stn.)

what is the status of the train Mulund to badlapur (sent from Nahur)

thane to neral chalu hai kya ? (sent from Airoli Stn.)

trains from Kurla to Thane??? how late?? (sent from Santa Cruz)

any delays on central? (sent from Kalyan)

plzz.... tell me the mulund station situation???  (sent from Mulund Stn.)

where is khopoli Trina (sent from Neral)

is ghatkoper to cst running..?

what is the train status now from thane? (sent from Nilje)

How much is the delay for CSMT bound fast & slow local trains ?  (sent from Vashi Stn.)

what happened

what is the status of central line. 

what the train status from Titwala to CSMT..?

That's because trains are late by 20 mins, but running. Read what others have told for fu©ks sake. (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)

want to leave for thane in an hour... should i go or not? (sent from Kalyan)

can anyone let me know status of Titwala to Mulund train status?? (sent from Titwala Stn.)

thane to kalyan chalu hai kya?

what has happen (sent from Ambernath)

train are running or not

train from Dombivli to karjat what's train status pl (sent from Thakurli Stn.)

what is current situation from ghatkopar

problem Kya hua hai.? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

are trains on time today from badlapur to cst? 

thane to cstm train runing ?? (sent from Airoli)

vithwadi status? (sent from Vithalwadi)

is there any train towards thane (sent from Vikhroli)

what about cst to kalyan (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)

 I just forgot some of my imp stuff in train because of all the rush and hurry. will I be able to get it back? 

from badlapur trains are there on time or not? (sent from Badlapur Stn.)

Thane to Kalyan... any guesses by what time train will reach (sent from Thane Stn.)

what about kalyan to karjat locals ? (sent from Badlapur)

What a confidence.. (sent from Kalva)

Are trains from Vidhyavihar to Thane running...??

what is the status of kasara train

what is the problem between sion to CST just now (sent from Kalyan)

Any issues with trains from Byculla to Ghatkopar? (sent from Byculla)

anyone at kalyan?? cst chya trains chalu ahet ka??  (sent from Vithalwadi)

Thane to ghatkoper working?

what about Kurla station stAtus (sent from Govandi Stn.)

are the trains running properly in central line .??? (sent from Thakurli)

status of karjat tp khopoli train. are they on time or not

Thane-CST fast train konsa Laga hai? time? (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)

dombivli to karjat train on time kya?? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

trains running on time? for dadar from Kurla kya

Hello , what's the running stusts of dhanu panvel meno (sent from Bhiwandi Road)

r trains working from CST to Thane ? (sent from Churchgate Stn.)

is khopoli train running on time???? (sent from Tilak Nagar Stn.)

fast train? (sent from Elphinstone Road)

is the deccan express is running today for mumbai

hi going towards??  (sent from Kalva)

are trains running from ambernath towards CST?

dadar to thane working? (sent from Kandivali Stn.)

What is the status of Dombivli station ? to go to CST? (sent from Kopar Stn.)

thane to ambernath train status ????? (sent from Koparkhairne)

where is where is khopoli train ? 

at what time (sent from Vikhroli)

karjat trains are on time ? (sent from Airoli)

are trains running on time? 

what about dombivali to titwala slow trains  (sent from Kopar Stn.)

what about thane CST train? (sent from Mulund)

maharashtra Band ahe aaj any update?  (sent from Thakurli)

Hi! Trains are blocked or running from Ghatkopar to Thane?? (sent from Andheri)

dadar to cst trains wrking ???? (sent from Bandra Stn.)

is there trains running between dader to ambernath (sent from Dahisar Stn.)

towards kalyan status?  (sent from Koparkhairne Stn.)

what's the train status titwala to csmt (sent from Titwala)

what about kalyan to thane?

from dadar to ghatkopar chal raha hai kya??  (sent from Chinchpokli Stn.)

Atgaon to CSMT status?

goregaon to csmt chalu hai? (sent from Goregaon)

thane to Dadar ?

hey vashi to thane chalu hai kya???

are cst Kalyan trains running??? (sent from Andheri)

ghatkopar kab tak aaygi train? kurla jana hai (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

what is the status about king circle (sent from Churchgate)

ghatkopar to dombivali train status?  (sent from Ghatkopar)

what's train status right now???

train chalu ahte ka ??? (sent from Sewri)

where is ladies spl train from kalyan? (sent from Thakurli Stn.)

what abt between ghatkoper to Thane?

Thane se down trains chal rahe hai??

marunga???? (sent from Kalyan)

badlapur to cst train time p hai kya?  (sent from Thane Stn.)

karjat cst ?????? chalu aahe ka  (sent from Karjat)

towards CST or towards Thane ? (sent from Ghatkopar)

is there a water logging in Kurla???  please reply 

train chalu hai kya vithalwadi seh  cmst tak? (sent from Vithalwadi)

6:10 ki ambernath train thana se ruk ruk ke chal rahi he abhi kurla me ruki he kuch problem ho gaya he ky? ? ?  (sent from Tilak Nagar Stn.)

down line train chalu hey kya? (sent from Bhandup)

what about khopoil to thane line...is there any mega block for today..??? (sent from Khopoli Stn.)

thane to karajt...?

kurla to ghatkopar train chalu hai kya?

where is karjat trn from cst?? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

is trains working from kurla to dadar..?? (sent from Gtb Nagar Stn.)

all central line are clear? (sent from Panvel)

How late trains are running today? (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

is Central line running fine between Thane to CSMT? (sent from Thane Stn.)

is there any protest going on near thane station??

what's the status of central line? (sent from Churchgate)

slow train status (nahur - thane)? (sent from Nahur Stn.)

 its safe to travel from ghatkopar to cst????  (sent from Ghatkopar)

can anybody tell me what is the status for central line trains.

कसारा line चालू आहे ना??? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

thane to ulhasnagar trains chalri h kya ? 

a dombivli local's engine malfunctioned between nahur and mulund causing backlogs on slow lane. @ppl wondering why there's a delay. (sent from Ghansoli Stn.)

train from kurla to thane working?  (sent from Nerul Stn.)

sevagram Express  aaj kyn kitne baje aayei ? (sent from Shahad Stn.)

Badlapur saathi train aahet ka ? (sent from Thakurli)

current train status between  thane to Ambernath..??? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

are the trains on time towards Thane? (sent from Mulund)

are trains are running on time or not ? (sent from Thane Stn.)

what about ambernath to dadar status

what's the central line train status?

vashi to cst. ??? (sent from Mankhurd)

anyone at Mulund. what is the status of trains on Central line (sent from Mulund)

is train is available from thane to vikroli?

any update on 8:21 Kalyan local? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

what is the status of karjat to csmt (sent from Karjat Stn.)

don't ask questions, read what others have given  information

what is the status CST to pune?? (sent from Vile Parle Stn.)

any updates about central ?? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

what is problem in badlapur to CST root ? (sent from Vithalwadi Stn.)

where is krjt train which is 12.57from Badlapur  (sent from Badlapur Stn.)

Dombivali to thane status please ? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

how much time it will take?

what's train status 

what about status kasara local

CST to karjat khopoli any updates? At least till kalyan? anyone travelling on the route? (sent from Churchgate)

what is the condition of trains at cst (sent from Bhivpuriroad)

Kurla to Dombivli trains are running?? (sent from Chunabhatti)

dadar to thane train??  (sent from Dadar Stn.)

kalyan to karjat train chalu ahet kaa ? (sent from Dadar Stn.)

u r from m-indicator app team or what? just curious to know

hi what happened why train are delayed (sent from Kopar Stn.)

from Ulhasnagar what is the status ? (sent from Shahad)

plz update trains  are working?

train are running late towards CSMT ??? (sent from Bhandup Stn.)

all trains? (sent from Koparkhairne)

what about mumbra to kurla slow train

trains late? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

Wer is the cst train coming from Karjat to Badlapur? (sent from Badlapur Stn.)

kurla to thane??

is train working towards cstm from kalyan?

train came to Badlapur, for CST, which was announsed for Ambarnath initially (sent from Badlapur Stn.)

so trains have been stopped?? or its delayed? (sent from Vithalwadi)

is train running??  (sent from Byculla)

any update on from mulund to dadar ?  (sent from Mulund Stn.)

how did you come to know ???? you were at kalwa station ????

ghatkopar to thane status??

are trains from thane to cst on time? (sent from Thane)

matunga madhe kahi problem jhalay ka???please reply (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)

 dadar se goregaon?? ??

train is moving towards kalyan?  (sent from Bandra Stn.)

are trains commencing from thane cancelled?  (sent from Thane Stn.)

What about Dadar - Bhandup? (sent from Vadala Road)

Are trains running from vikhroli to thane now? (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)

what is the problem mumbra to kasarat train why is stop {from mumbra train} (sent from Mumbra Stn.)

thane to csmt ?

Dombivli to Ghatkopar? (sent from Dombivli)

any idea why train stop at dadar  (sent from Dadar Stn.)

11:30 karjat from ulhasnagar/10:45 from karjat is on time? (sent from Vithalwadi Stn.)

are trains from Kurla to ulhasnagar working ?  (sent from Tilak Nagar)

badlapur to cst train is on time or late? (sent from Badlapur)

Dombivli to CST local train status pls? (sent from Dombivli)

Whose permission are you asking for? (sent from Nilje)

what about kasara  (sent from Cst)

 is mega block in central line??? (sent from Mumbra Stn.)

Mulund se curry road? (sent from Mulund)

current status?

are there trains working on time or not? 

is train available to go to thane from cat end...!!??

any problem at kalyan ? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

what's the status of nahur to cst ? (sent from Nahur Stn.)

what is status of 1.45 fast local for cst?  (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)

Are trains are running on time from badlapur to kalyan?

Is metro running? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

what about asangaon to cst trains??

Train running from Thane to CST??  (sent from Thane Stn.)

can anyone please update about the trains in central suburbs, is it working?  (sent from Tilak Nagar)

??

what's current status of trains 

what is problem (sent from Badlapur Stn.)

any update about today's situation?

thane to Kanjurmarg slow train chalu ahet ka?

dombivli to cst train hai kya?

what is the problem kalwa to kalyan

metro trains are working properly??

Trains running ?

ambernath se trains chaly hain??? (sent from Ambernath Stn.)

Badlapur to csmt train kitna late hai?  (sent from Badlapur)

anyone?  (sent from Cst Stn.)

Is Central Railway on time?  (sent from Kanjur Marg)

can anyone  give  update  on thane  to vidyavihar  (CST)  trains?  (sent from Koparkhairne Stn.)

what is position in Kurla?

how about duronto train coming from nasik?

ghatkopar to bhandup ?? (sent from Vidyavihar Stn.)

what the status of kalva (sent from Kalva)

Thane to Badlapur train ? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

Any train for Kurla from Dadar? (sent from Dadar Stn.)

late Hoti hai to 6.18 pahale kyu chodi jati hai? (sent from Badlapur)

are trains on time?  (sent from Thakurli Stn.)

Is there waterlogging at Kurla? (sent from Chunabhatti)

is the central line working?

is any prblm of mocha  (sent from Churchgate Stn.)

what is the time of mega block on central line (sent from Vadala Road)

what about...toward thane

how train movement from ghatkopar to Kalyan (sent from Jogeshwari)

dadar ambernath from dadar 7:40pm? (sent from Nahur)

what is status of train form mumbra to Thane 

are badlapur to kalyan trains running properly.???.. (sent from Badlapur)

cst to karjat ??? (sent from Chinchpokli Stn.)

seriously?

shayad what's the status

Ambernath to cst?  plz update

r train running frm ghatkopar to asangaon?? (sent from Ghatkopar)

train from cstm to badlapur are imrunning?

where is 15 car  (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

?? (sent from Sanpada)

national holiday hai kya ??  (sent from Mulund Stn.)

train is working between thane and cst???? (sent from Kandivali)

Kalyan to kurla any update? 

central railway chalu ahe ka ??? (sent from Bandra)

diva vasai train chalu he?  (sent from Kalyan)

ulhasnagar se trains chlri h kya proper ? (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)

what is status at sion station? (sent from Mulund)

what is the current status of suburban train

trains are in on time?

is there any problem in train or time issues (sent from Thane Stn.)

why thane train is not moving (sent from Nahur Stn.)

central railway suralit aahe ka? (sent from Shahad)

what happens (sent from Thane)

Kalyan to CST..running status please?? (sent from Kalyan)

what about kalyan station 

are the trains working well now? 

what is the status for thane to kalyan? (sent from Airoli Stn.)

metro running ? (sent from Thane Stn.)

Kalyan cat routine clear ?

what is status of asangaon train (sent from Vasind Stn.)

what about harbour line (sent from Koparkhairne)

what is status from kopar to kanjurmarg station

is there mega block on central line today (sent from Dahisar)

what is the status of thane to Kalyan train.. 

what's the situation from Mulund towards CST  (sent from Masjid Stn.)

bhandup to thane trains are running or not? (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)

are u sure ? (sent from Bhandup)

dombivali to cst what is the train status .. on time aahe ka ?? (sent from Kopar)

i have to go bhandup so at wht tyn approx should i leave frm here?

Kalyan to thane??

status for up fast trains to cst?  (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

What abt Badlapur slow 6:51 from thane??

what about Ghatkopar to Thane 

are the trains on time ? (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)

r trains on time??

dombivali se train chalu hai kya?  (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

what's the issue with down local (sent from Tilak Nagar)

hey heavy rainfall s der ?

trains from cst running fine? (sent from Cst Stn.)

ghatkopar to dombivali chalu hai kya? (sent from Ghatkopar)

 where the hell is 7.53 cst fast. its more than 20 mins i am waiting for that damb train (sent from Kurla Stn.)

What is the status of Central line trains? (sent from Airoli)

r u their....? (sent from Vasind)

what is the current status of central rail way train between thane to VT (sent from Vidyavihar)

WHAT NONSENSE... IDIOT.. DON'T SPREAD RUMOURS (sent from Santa Cruz Stn.)

kalyan train is working??? (sent from Vidyavihar)

is there any technical problem? (sent from Dadar Stn.)

is khopoli train on time? (sent from Dombivli)

I am at dadar now, will i reach CST by 5 pm? (sent from Mahim Jn Stn.)

which trains cancel any idea (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

Is it???

trains time par hey???

Badlapur mai koi bridge girne ki new mili hai.... Is that true??? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

what about titwala to CST line (sent from Ambivli Stn.)

thane to vashi ? any update ? (sent from Ambernath)

is central line train working properly??

dadar to kurla? (sent from Juinagar)

is there any problem between dadar to kalyan? (sent from Vile Parle)

1:31 badlapur is on time?  (sent from Ambernath Stn.)

what happened train to be very late? (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)

are trains on time? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

are trains working? (sent from Chembur)

ambernath to cst running?? (sent from Ambernath)

kanjur to kalyan are train working?

bhandup to ulhasnagar on time??

mulund ke aage train q nhi chalri???

cst trains nhin aa rhi guys kyu ? (sent from Kalva Stn.)

Abhi kaha hai khopoli train????? 

trains chalu hai kya ? (sent from Lower Parel)

what is issue for halting at kurla for such a long time  (sent from Panvel)

Kya Karjat trains timepe he ? (sent from Neral Stn.)

8 pm Dombivli local from CST is held up before Thane stn for last 15 mts... why Any idea (sent from Mulund)

thane to ambernath train status ????? (sent from Koparkhairne)

dadar to thane?  (sent from Kings Circle Stn.)

update about central line? (sent from Mumbra Stn.)

what accident and where ? (sent from Thakurli)

Kasara to CST ??

hi all trains are on time ? (sent from Badlapur)

vidya vihar se thane trains chalu hai kya????  (sent from Chembur Stn.)

what is central railway status (sent from Andheri Stn.)

where did the khopoli train reach? (sent from Mulund Stn.)

12294 to train what a  status  for this train number (sent from Bhandup)

hi r trains on time? (sent from Kalyan)

train running o n central line? (sent from Elphinstone Road)

thane to Dombivli trains ahet? (sent from Kharghar Stn.)

what is the update at Mulund Station  (sent from Mulund)

How are train running in central lines

What is current status of central line trains guys??

where is kalyan local (sent from Mulund Stn.)

can any one plz tell me Thane to byculla train are running or not

where is Karjat train..? (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)

how about the train status i

Is there any water logging on kurla-sion? (sent from Kandivali)

Central line trains running ?? (sent from Airoli)

may i know the stats of mulund?? (sent from Thakurli)

Pls help........ Is central railways towards thane is frequent.  ? (sent from Chunabhatti)

what is condition between Dombivli and thane train

for central updates join central train update group what's app Mr. aniket 9653316585  (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

why train is stop between thane and airoli  (sent from Airoli Stn.)

Are there delays of trains from Thane to CSMT?  (sent from Thane)

aage ji kya situation ?? (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)

auto chalu hai kya Powai mein? 

why trains are late ?  (sent from Bhandup)

Thakurli to thane? 

9-9 kalyan is where right now (sent from Sion Stn.)

are trains working on time from thane ? (sent from Dombivli)

just to clarify for all - trains are running on time as of now but there's a possibility of rail roko in the next 1 to 2 hours, correct?  (sent from Vithalwadi)

what is the status of Kalyan to cst (sent from Kalyan)

how to move from trans harbour to thana (sent from Koparkhairne Stn.)

 are trains running on time?

whr is the kasara  train? (sent from Ambivli Stn.)

Mumbra CST slow line chalu hai kya?

what is status now?  (sent from Koparkhairne)

main line time par hain kya? (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)

what is the update of central line nr bhandup.. (sent from Jogeshwari)

trains r late? 

Thane to mumbra chalu hai? (sent from Koparkhairne)

are trains running on time ? (sent from Vithalwadi)

Kurla pe trains chalu he? (sent from Thane Stn.)

mumbra to kalyan status?  (sent from Mumbra)

what is fast train position to CST from Dombivali  (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

Problem with only slow track???? (sent from Dadar Stn.)

how r trains (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

what is the status of the trains from DOMBIVLI to Cst? (sent from Dombivli)

are trains on time frm dombivli stn ??  (sent from Kalyan)

Pls update mumbra to kurla train started or not

who is at thane (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

badlapur to KARJAT train hai kya? (sent from Badlapur)

are trains running from Kalyan to upside?  (sent from Vithalwadi)

why are the trains not on time? what is the issue? (sent from Mulund Stn.)

what is a status of karjet train (sent from Badlapur Stn.)

9-13 train from badlapur has reached where  (sent from Badlapur)

ghatkopr to Dombivli??

where is a train in kalyan stn 6.12 (sent from Shahad)

?

pl kind request railway's authority & GRP as well as RPF, mark IN & OUT on upper level of every door, both the side of in every coach. This will help all humankind those who fell gentlemen, they all get one side and boarding people will use another side during when crowds. Helps know getting down.   (sent from Airoli)

for where (sent from Titwala)

which one.. we r still in kalyan train at nahur outer (sent from Nahur Stn.)

what is DA situation at thane stn 

Kalyan to ghatkopar running?? (sent from Andheri)

Tran chalu he khy?

what is train condition 

hi what abt trains from thane to kasara/karjat? (sent from Kalva)

hello what is status of trains from Vikhroli to cst (sent from Kanjur Marg)

are trains r running from khopoli to csmt..???? (sent from Khopoli Stn.)

can u confirm train are is working or not

central railway on time?  (sent from Juinagar)

what is status of local train from Kalyan to kasara (sent from Thakurli)

Dombivali? 

what about Asangaon CST slow? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

trains are running towards kasara??

ghatkoper see Kalyan trains chalu hai Kya? (sent from Jogeshwari Stn.)

train is running or not?  (sent from Kalyan)

status for Badlapur train? (sent from Byculla Stn.)

train chalu hai kya ??? (sent from Govandi)

are trains from thane to ghatkopar running ?

Kalyan to cst???

what is the status of kurla to thane trains  (sent from Tilak Nagar Stn.)

karjat train? (sent from Thane Stn.)

dadar to Kalyan????

what is update about thane to vidya vihar  slow from 1 paltform (sent from Thane Stn.)

what is the train status at kalyan

what is the status of thane to kalyan (sent from Airoli)

is there today trains for asangaon..

is there train from kalyan to cst (sent from Kalyan)

are the VT trains on time?  (sent from Koparkhairne)

where is ambernath 9.41 from kalva ? (sent from Kalva Stn.)

kurla to badlapur??? trains chalu hai kya?~

Kalyan to ghatkopar what is the status please (sent from Shahad)

is everything ok now? (sent from Nahur Stn.)

thane to kalyan local chalu ahe ka?

kurla to kalyan trains chalu hai? please reply anybody  (sent from Mankhurd)

where is khopoli train now (sent from Kalyan)

are trains from cstm leaving on time?  (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)

towards cst fast train chalu aahet ka? (sent from Rabale Stn.)

Are Trains running to Ghatkopar?

Ghatkopar to CST is thr any1 ??? r trains running ???...waiting at Vidya ihar from last 30 mins no slow train  (sent from Vidyavihar Stn.)

CST train is late or not ?

CST TO KARJAT HOW MUCH COST (sent from Vile Parle)

hello guys , anyone tell me, churchgate to virar chal rahi hai kya ???? (sent from Goregaon)

what is the position between kalyan and karjat

fast trains are going smoothly? 

9:38am train from ambernath? (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)

is titwala Thane on time? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

hi guys i have to reach lonavala , please can you tell me the route as to how i can reach there ??? (sent from Chembur)

what  happened at shahad.. trains r stopped from 30 min (sent from Shahad)

any problems between Dombivali to thane? (sent from Thakurli Stn.)

Sion duba ? (sent from Kandivali)

Any logic at going to Kasara? (sent from Thane Stn.)

Hi central lines trains are on time? (sent from Kalyan)

what is the update for today (sent from Airoli Stn.)

what about down local trains ? (sent from Badlapur Stn.)

are from wherr to where

thane to kasara anyone .???

what is status for trains running from Thane to shahad..Is there is any rain Isuee

what is status of cst to Kalyan local

Is There Any Water On Tracks Thane?

shahad to dadar trn status? 

i vl go by evening to ghatkopar should i go???  (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

dombivali what's happen? (sent from Malad Stn.)

????

CST to Thane trains status... Please?  (sent from Churchgate)

up chalu ahet ka , thane to cst ? (sent from Panvel)

Kalyan to dadar trains challu hai Kya?

what is the status from kalyan to cst?

कर्जत छ.शि.म,ट ट्रेन चालु आहेत काय ?

any news ? (sent from Matunga Stn.)

Ghatkopar to badlapur train properly he Kya????  (sent from Ghatkopar)

Are trains from Thane to CSMT  working? 

trains on time ???( sent from Kalyan )

I work at Thane.....should I go today? (sent from Chinchpokli Stn.)

trains are running on time ? (sent from Vidyavihar)

???

are kalyan to thane trains running property?

cst going train are OK ?

what is the status of thakurli to car trains (sent from Thakurli Stn.)

how is train position today i want to go to Pune  (sent from Kalva)

slow trains for CST are they on time ??    (sent from Mumbra Stn.)

kalyan to badlapur train chalu hai kya? (sent from Kalyan)

how about Vikhroli to Thane (sent from Vikhroli)

what about kalyan train running (sent from Sewri)

what is the situation of trains (sent from Grant Road)

any water logging at any station}? (sent from Mulund)

Trains are on tym?  (sent from Borivali Stn.)

12:16 Ambarnath from dombvli on time? (sent from Ambernath)

cst to dombivle status Kya h..?

central chalu h kya? (sent from Bhayander)

train to Kasara from CSMT?? is it running??

thane to ghatkopr late he kya train ????

Are trains moving from CST to Thane? (sent from Chinchpokli Stn.)

one hour? really (sent from Badlapur)

WR has already declares holiday by collapsing bridge at Andheri , Don't know when CR will understand the same for us😢 (sent from Badlapur)

guys news war sangtait 1hr late ahe train is it true?

trains running from Dadar towards kasara?  (sent from Khar Road)

thane to vashi chalu h kya? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

thane to cst trains are going or not? (sent from Nahur)

what about 7:43 train from thane to badlapur

what about Ghatkopar to Kalyan train?

is train running on time between ghatkopar and thane?  (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

amb to cst trains on time? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

mukund to vishal wadi ?? (sent from Mulund)

There is heavy rain it would be better to stay at home travel only if necessary as till evening if such rain continue it would happen like last year when everyone stucked up in evening. (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

any idea about asangaon to kasara route?

train is running from thane to ambernath or not ??

what about thane to cst (sent from Ghansoli)

pani bharle aahe so plz gharich rha madam (sent from Thakurli)

what about 11:59 fast train from ambarnath (sent from Ambernath Stn.)

where is 1:38 kasara csmt train located? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

parel  to mulund  train  chalu  hay? (sent from Mulund Stn.)

are the trains running on time ??

Mumbra to Cst How much time? (sent from Mumbra)

Is there any chance of flooding tomorrow in Central line (sent from Bhiwandi Road Stn.)

what is train status (sent from Churchgate)

ambernath to cst train status? (sent from Vithalwadi)

Thane to Vashi train is running or not

trains from Sion to Parel working?

Kalyan se train kitna late hai or Diva se vasai route ka train kitna late hai?? anyone please reply emergency hai!!

what's the status of Karjat fast   (sent from Kurla Stn.)

what is the status of central line (sent from Vithalwadi Stn.)

is there any train for karjat from badlapur (sent from Badlapur)

Any update on Central trains from kyn to cst?? Are they running on time?? (sent from Kalyan)

cst to kalyan chalu hai Kya? (sent from Turbhe)

what's the status of trains from Ghatkopar to CSTM? (sent from Vidyavihar)

dombivli to mulund? 

is central line working  ?

why trains are late today

are there any trains on slow track from thane to kalyan?

are CST to Thàne training running? (sent from Churchgate Stn.)

badlapur train working or not

Badlapur to dombivli trains are running? (sent from Badlapur)

please update on trains from Ulhasnagar to cst??  (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

what's the situation in thane station 

is there any current update for cstm train from kalyan?

dadar to mulund???  (sent from Vile Parle)

😂😂😂😂Nerul ke bahar idli wala hai kya ??????😂😂😂😀😀😀 (sent from Kharghar Stn.)

ulhasnagar to kalyan local chalu hau kya? ??? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

any idea what's the problem (sent from Dombivli)

why trains from CSTM towards kalyan side are running late? (sent from Thane Stn.)

what about navi mumbai trains (sent from Kharghar)

wat abt Virar to Dahanu? (sent from Grant Road)

where is khopoli train  (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

प्राबलेम काय आहे का? (sent from Thane)

cast to thane central line chalu hai kya? (sent from Masjid Stn.)

is the train on central are stoped (sent from Kurla)

any update on Andheri to CSMT trains ? (sent from Andheri)

what is the current status of Kalyan station

dadar to kanjumargh is working ? plz tell me (sent from Dadar Stn.)

what is latest update on central trains (sent from Kalva)

guys you are slaves for whom you work, train are not running on time and mite be get completely stopped if it continue to rain like this for more 2hr, so only travel if it's very necessary or important work 

train running in central line?  (sent from Mahalakshmi)

dadar to ambarnath are working? (sent from Grant Road Stn.)

Badlapur cha Kay status aahe trains cha??  (sent from Badlapur)

frnd's is there any update of kasara side local??? (sent from Ghansoli)

how to rain in central line

are fast trains running late from Badlapur to CST? any updates (sent from Shahad Stn.)

is the dadar to ambernath 7:40 train cancelled ? (sent from Dadar Stn.)

ambernath to thane train chal rhe h kya ? (sent from Ambernath Stn.)

is train working from titwala towards cst?

anyone are fast train running late ? (sent from Churchgate)

what's the status

thane to kalyan train is running or not????? (sent from Turbhe)

badlapur la janyasathi aahet ka train? (sent from Ghansoli)

what mishap ? (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)

what about kasara to cst???

what is the status for train running from thane to Ambernath (sent from Airoli Stn.)

what is status of train from dadar to thane (sent from Dadar Stn.)

kalwa me pani bhara hai kya?? (sent from Diva Jn)

it's raining what in mumbai (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

dombivli Se Koi train jaa rahi he Kya?  (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

trains status plz from Dombivali to CST?? (sent from Thakurli)

from karjat to cst trains are running ?

tomorrow morning train status?  (sent from Dombivli)

what is the status of central line?  (sent from Nalla Sopara Stn.)

any update from kurla to ambernath?? (sent from Govandi)

from kalyan towards karjat are running or not

are trains running from thane to dadar? (sent from Ghansoli)

asangaon to kalyan megablok ahe ka?

Kurla to Kalyan trains chalu hai kya?

Dombivali to thane chalu h kya??

is there any waterlogged at Kurla station can anyone update it (sent from Badlapur Stn.)

what is status of trains from Thane?

bhai log thane se cst ka train chalu he kya?? (sent from Mulund Stn.)

Is everything okay between Dadar and Thane(Central line) ?

on which station kasara train now

what abt today late train

what is status for csmt to thane.... (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

9.30 Kalyan CST? (sent from Dombivli)

central line pls.update the status??

is there mega block in central line?  (sent from Gtb Nagar)

pls what is status between thane to asangoan. (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

sandhurst road to mumbra trains on time?? (sent from Sandhurst Road)

what is the status of the train in Mulund

Thane Badlapur 11.09 Pm any update?  (sent from Thane Stn.)

Badlapur to thane status? (sent from Badlapur)

is there any problem in central line (sent from Churchgate)

mega block to nahi? (sent from Vikhroli)

what is the status of Ambernath to karjat ? (sent from Ambernath Stn.)

kalyan to kasara route is having any water clogg? (sent from Panvel)

ambivali to Thane train what is the position..? (sent from Ambivli)

how are the trains service from Dombivli to T hane? (sent from Dombivli)

thane ke liye trains hain time pe?  coz I'm about to reach kurla  (sent from Tilak Nagar Stn.)

CSMT to asangaon???? (sent from Turbhe)

kasara? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

is there any problem towards shahad side?

where are u bro (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

what's the status in sion (sent from Mulund)

where is khopoli local (sent from Ambernath Stn.)

what is statues train from thane to c.st

Are trains working from thane to mulund? 

trains are there from Ghatkopar?  (sent from Jogeshwari)

what the problem at Dadar station  (sent from Dadar Stn.)

kalyan to Thane train chalu hai?? 

hi central locals are running or not

what is the status of central lines?

thane to badlapur train on tme? please  (sent from Thane Stn.)

what is status of dadar to Thane (sent from Santa Cruz)

vidhyavihar to thane.. train is running?

  where is karjat train  (sent from Karjat Stn.)

anyone at dadar station?please check if that bhel wala on platform no.1 is selling today or not

matunga to thane working or not?? (sent from Lower Parel)

khopoli trains update????has it gone from Badlapur (sent from Badlapur Stn.)

what is status from dadar (sent from Mumbai Central Stn.)

status of train from Kanjurmarg? (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)

where the Vidhyavihar train will come (sent from Dadar Stn.)

Badlapur to dombivli running or not??

what is the issue (sent from Nahur)

kalyan to ghatkopar train today status ?

what is the delay?

how any updates from thane station ?

which Train👍 (sent from Dadar Stn.)

where this train is right now any update  (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

goregaon to vadala are working or not

where was the transarharbour line (sent from Thane Stn.)

any idea about 7.55 Kalyan 15 car? @ghatkopar (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

Thane Mai Pani bhara hai kya? (sent from Kanjur Marg)

iz there any announcement of kasara and asngaon trains? (sent from Kurla Stn.)

what is the condition near Sion Matunga? Are the trackes too flooded (sent from Thane Stn.)

what about kalyan to thane train

what about ulhas to kurla  (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)

are the trains working towards dombivli?

ambernath to thane?

9.59 train vithalwadi to badlapur wht abhout?? (sent from Shahad Stn.)

what about trail status Thane up? (sent from Kalva Stn.)

what's the status now at central line?? can anyone please update (sent from Panvel)

where do they keep lost goods? I lost my newspaper print umbrella in a train. . a 8:46 am train to kalyan.  (sent from Dombivli)

train status for central line?? (sent from Thane)

any boats available? (sent from Kalyan)

dadar to thane train status....train late hai kya????

should we move out for office towards cst?

what about 9:38 or 9:49 SF from Thakurli (sent from Thakurli Stn.)

Status of thane local? (sent from Titwala Stn.)

Dadar to Dombivili train status?  (sent from Matunga Stn.)

what is a status of badlapur & ambernath  (sent from Koparkhairne)

how  (sent from Dadar)

are the trains towards kalyan running?

badlapur train dadar se nikli kyaa?? (sent from Kurla Stn.)

aaj subah Se Sion to csmt ka problem hai. 6.14 ki train 6.48 ko bhi nahi aayi,  Koi announcement bhi nahi hua? any problems?  (sent from Sion Stn.)

udya train chalu ahet ka ? (sent from Mulund)

is ambernath to cst running on time?  (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

are trains on time? (sent from Ambivli Stn.)

kasara?

HOW TO GO UDGIR FROM DAHANU

train status? (sent from Dombivli)

dombivli to thane? (sent from Dombivli)

from thane to cst??

which train I can get from thane to ambernath (sent from Thane)

mulund to cst r trains late?  (sent from Mulund Stn.)

Titwala ke liye train chalu hai kya ??? (sent from Mulund)

Is this confirm news (sent from Cst)

what is position of badlapur-katjat down train? (sent from Badlapur Stn.)

sion to dadar  chalu he? (sent from Sion)

what is status for thane to dadar

Is kasara line working? Want to go titwala (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

koi toh jawab do...Dadar to Thane train chalu hai Kya? (sent from Grant Road Stn.)

what is the status of 8.41 (sent from Dombivli)

What's problem  (sent from Bhandup Stn.)

is there a train for byculla from dadar (sent from Goregaon Stn.)

any update on Currey road to thane ?  (sent from Lower Parel)

what is the status of central line from Ghatkopar

how can I reach to Ghansoli  (sent from Matunga Road Stn.)

Not sure how people observe situation a but fact is trains stranded near SION in a queue from last half an hour guys do not  on board train until it's very urgent. (sent from Kings Circle Stn.)

dadar station status towards thane ? (sent from Dadar)

is issue resolve now..or still there..means trains are running or not? (sent from Thane Stn.)

cst to kalyan whats the status?????? (sent from Mahalakshmi)

train running From Dadar to Thane?

07:32 badlapur-karjat train status? is it on time? (sent from Badlapur Stn.)

what's updated (sent from Bhandup Stn.)

Kasara train stutas?  (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

central line chalu hai kya??

from Kalyan are trains running? (sent from Shahad)

what's the status of train 

any update?

Aaj kya hal hai? from kalyan to cst

when will the trains stop running? (sent from Bhandup)

are trains on time(badlapur-cst)?????  (sent from Badlapur)

central chalu hee?  (sent from Thakurli)

train chalu hai kya? (sent from Kurla)

trains from thane to badlapur are running? (sent from Turbhe)

kitna time? thane to cst?  (sent from Thane Stn.)

is there trains running towards Badlapur? (sent from Sandhurst Road)

central  railway chalo hai?

are trains stopping at Vidyavihar Station??  (sent from Mulund)

What's the train position between Badlapur and Kalyan? 

Are the central line trains working? Or will it be cancelled later?

does 9.47dadar fast from Kalyan left? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

Kurla to thane any updates?  (sent from Nahur)

dadar to Dombivali available train? (sent from Elphinstone Road Stn.)

mumbra to ghatkopr status...??? (sent from Ghatkopar)

trains are working?? (sent from Kurla Stn.)

what's the local train status today? (sent from Thakurli)

what's the train status at sion and kurla... (sent from Diva Jn)

Are the trains affected due to rains today?

what the status from shahad to thane ..plss tell me

karjat fast reached kalyan ? (sent from Shahad Stn.)

what's the status of central train ? (sent from Kanjur Marg)

kurla to mumbra train on..?

10.39 from ambernath CST karjat train at which station  (sent from Ambernath Stn.)

what about cst to thane (sent from Churchgate Stn.)

kalyan to cst?

what about trains from Thane to CST? 

any fast train towards cst from thane????  (sent from Thane Stn.)

how are trains running at central line (sent from Jogeshwari)

kalyan to mumbra status????  (sent from Kalyan)

cst trein chalu hai kya? (sent from Sion)

what is the status of central route (sent from Churchgate)

what is the status for vidharbh exp.tkts (sent from Panvel)

 vashi jana hai mujhe abhi koi train hai kya..?  (sent from Chinchpokli Stn.)

dadar central to kurla working on time? (sent from Bandra Stn.)

thane to dombivali??

on which train ? (sent from Mulund)

whether train r running properly ?

any update thane to vikhroli? (sent from Thane Stn.)

6:02 vidyavihar Kalyan slow is special train for railway employees?

Kalyan to thane ? (sent from Shahad)

what situation Kalyan to dadar (sent from Kalyan)

ne problem in thane? (sent from Cst Stn.)

?

what is the status from ambernath to cst train 

where is dombivli train (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)

what is status of central railway (sent from Turbhe Stn.)

is trains are on time ? (sent from Badlapur Stn.)

kyn to cstm chalu h? (sent from Vithalwadi)

where is 12:45cst train

what about soon station??  is that area water logged. (sent from Borivali)

Thane to ambarnath is ok? (sent from Turbhe)

मुंबई ते अंबरनाथ ट्रेन चालू आहेत का?

train status from Thane to dombivli? (sent from Airoli Stn.)

titwala ?? (sent from Thane)

train are running between byculla to Kalyan? (sent from Mumbai Central)

bhai Ghansoli jaana h trains h kya?? (sent from Jogeshwari)

dom to CST status? (sent from Dombivli)

cst to Kalyan working? 

what ia the states about thane to panvel 

is there any updates to Trains For Pune  (sent from Bhayander)

मध्य रेल्वे सुरळीत चालू आहेत का?

please update about for dadar to dombivali trains are running??? (sent from Andheri Stn.)

reall news do bhai center line working or not

bycula to kurla train status ?? (sent from Mahalakshmi Stn.)

Any update about Thane? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

kalyan to cst trains ja rahe hai kya?  (sent from Thakurli)

Byculla to mumbra??? (sent from Byculla Stn.)

is there any train running from thane to vasai?? (sent from Thane Stn.)

where are asangaon train (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

?

Train 51033 aaj Sahi samay par hi na??

what about train from thane to CST..? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

train status towards Badlapur please?  (sent from Kurla Stn.)

fast trains chalu h kya? (sent from Sandhurst Road Stn.)

central line ? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

is it working after thane?  (sent from Thane Stn.)

Ulhasnagar to kurla status ? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

Kalyan Badlapur Trains are working or not ? (sent from Bhandup Stn.)

thanks by what time they are delayed any idra (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

dear food lovers all trains ok niklo bas gharse, those who going on working pls help them by giving status (sent from Shahad)

are the trains from CST to KARJAT working??? (sent from Malad)

status of train frm thane to cst? (sent from Thane)

what is the status of up train (sent from Cst Stn.)

where is khopoli csmt train (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

what about cst to Kasara/ Asangaon train status

3: 23 from badlapur to cst train where reach (sent from Kurla Stn.)

Hello. Wud like to know if trains are running as per schedule? (sent from Mumbra)

where is 10.29 train to go cst (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)

???  (sent from Parel)

4:42 badlapur toward khopoli,?

what's status central line (sent from Matunga Road Stn.)

is train working????

on time? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

at shahad, trains are on time? (sent from Shahad)

what's status of dadar to kurla? (sent from Sion Stn.)

kitna delayed hai? i wanted to go to currey road (sent from Vashi)

how much time late is train  (sent from Chunabhatti)

what is current stetus centralrailway (sent from Mulund)

where is asangoan train now  (sent from Vidyavihar Stn.)

CSMT - Dombivli?  (sent from Dombivli)

Lett to Haridwar down 12171 comes on which platform in kalyan

all trains running smooth? (sent from Airoli)

are  train  working  till kalyan?? (sent from Bhandup)

are the trains working slow ?  (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

Thane to cst late or on time?  (sent from Mulund)

trains running from ghatkopar to thane?? (sent from Vile Parle Stn.)

what about ambernath train 12:54 from cst? (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)

Are trains running from dadar to mulund ??

train status? (sent from Malad)

guys, thane to dadar?  (sent from Thane)

are train working from Dadar to Ghatkopar?? (sent from Matunga Stn.)

sir Virar to Dadar trim chalu Han kya ? (sent from Virar)

what about sion stn? (sent from Mulund Stn.)

is ambernath to cst train okay ???    (sent from Ambernath)

what happened train stoped near nahur station last 30 min

are the downside trains are running properly??  (sent from Chembur)

kurla pe train on time he kya?? (sent from Chunabhatti)

Mumbra to thane everything moving well or not?

train chal rahi h kya kurla to cst?  (sent from Kurla Stn.)

are trains on time like from Dadar?? (sent from Sewri)

what is the issue.

any update for karjat to cstm train? (sent from Vangani Stn.)

what is the current situation of central line

where is fast train of mulund 8:05? (sent from Kalva)

how u know (sent from Nahur)

trains late hai kya? (sent from Kalyan)

is it raining heavy in thane? (sent from Ghansoli)

center line chalu hai kya? 

what status train dadar to CST (sent from Dahisar)

cst Thane chalu h kya? (sent from Elphinstone Road Stn.)

what is train status (sent from Vikhroli)

Thane karjat 6.41 train where r u now reach (sent from Badlapur Stn.)

what is problem  (sent from Dadar Stn.)

Thane Sion train chalu ahe kya ?

what is the status of badlapur to ghatkoper trains please tell me

Ghatkopar to dombivali? (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

rush kitna hain? (sent from Airoli Stn.)

Anybody in the train from kalyan to Thane....train chalu hai kya...? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

Are fast trains arriving at Kurla? (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

is any problem  at central line? from Pune 

what about Titwala to cst (sent from Titwala Stn.)

what is the current status kanjur to dadar

train r running on time or not???

are the trains running on time from cst to thane ? (sent from Marine Lines Stn.)

Dadar to Kalyan trains working?

where is ambernath & badlapur (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)

are trains running on time??? every day at 7:30 i am facing train problem from kurla (sent from Gtb Nagar)

do deen se mumbra mein light nahi   . toh train kya chale ? (sent from Mumbra Stn.)

where is badlapur fast (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

anywhere train roko andolan? 

what is status of central line (sent from Vidyavihar)

??????? (sent from Thakurli Stn.)

last train from kalva left? (sent from Kalva Stn.)

thane to Kalyan train status?? (sent from Belapur Cbd Stn.)

Dombivli to Kalwa - Trains running ? (sent from Dombivli)

any update from badlapur to cst train?  (sent from Badlapur Stn.)

what status thane to ghatkopar 

anybody from Ghatkopar? (sent from Ghatkopar)

thane to Badlapur status??? (sent from Airoli Stn.)

dadar to ghatkopar? (sent from Charni Road Stn.)

Ghatkopar to Kalyan fast train hai kya? (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)

how late are the train

hi whats the scene are downside trains running from dadar?? (sent from Elphinstone Road Stn.)

what's the status of trains from Thane towards kalyan (sent from Koparkhairne)

what's the status of trains towards CSMT. (sent from Dombivli)

I want to travel to 2 destinations today lower parel and marine lines. I will take a ticket upto cstm will that be valid?

badalapur cst line chalu ahe ka? (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)

train from Ulhasnagar are on time  ? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

sunday mega block kab hai??? (sent from Nahur Stn.)

Trains are available from thane to Cst? 

Dombivali to Thane?

pls update train status from csmt to karjat is it delay? (sent from Cst Stn.)

where is ladies special now  (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)

what's the status of trains??  (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

thane to ambernat status? (sent from Thane Stn.)

karjat cst on time..? (sent from Neral)

How about situation at Central railway.rght now.Is that good plan to move towards CST (sent from Mulund Stn.)

It was due to unfortunate case of tresspasser run over (TPRO) on Thane UP local line at around 7 am for which the train was detained till 7.15 and then gradually the bunching was also cleared. We repeatedly request commuters not to risk life. Please us

what is status for kasara line (sent from Kalyan)

csmt to kasara - local ajj time var ahe ka ? ( send from dombivli) 

Kalyan to cstm train? (sent from Kalyan)

Train status anybody?

from Kalwa train is available? (sent from Kalva Stn.)

ghatkopar kalyan trains are working? (sent from Andheri)

status of train? (sent from Kopar)

are trains on time?  (sent from Mulund Stn.)

dadar to titwala train running?  (sent from Jogeshwari)

anything to worry about ?  (sent from Nahur Stn.)

central line ktna tym late chalri h ? (sent from Sandhurst Road)

thane to cst status ? (sent from Mumbra Stn.)

asangaon kasara chalu hai kya??

what about trains towards badlapur! (sent from Vikhroli)

is trains running upward from sion to Dadar?? 

Any train coming towards bhandup? How far?  (sent from Nahur Stn.)

 trains chalu aahet ka?

train khopli to CST running or not

What is status of asangaon train (sent from Vasind Stn.)

what about cstm to dombiwali

what is update from shahad  (sent from Shahad Stn.)

what is status of badlapur stn ?  (sent from Badlapur)

status from Thane to asangaon?  (sent from Mumbra Stn.)

wow. how do you get such precise info ? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

Kalyan to Dombivali trains Chalu h? (sent from shahad) (sent from Shahad Stn.)

I said why are you fighting (sent from Rabale Stn.)

whats problem, why train not moving (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)

how is central line?? operating (sent from Airoli)

karjat to dombivali??

kalyan to ambernath?? (sent from Kalyan)

train status towords thane ??

why can't the railway authority be a part of this chat and give a correct update  (sent from Seawood Darave)

where is the 6.10 cst slowfrom dombivli (sent from Ambernath Stn.)

are kalyan badlapur route train s running? (sent from Thane Stn.)

is anyone got train from Thane to Badlapur ? (sent from Thane Stn.)

are trains running? (sent from Shahad)

trains from Dombivili is on time? (sent from Thakurli)

Karjat to cst working?

what is the status of dombivali station  (sent from Dombivli)

trains are working kalyan to CTS ?

karjat thane  trains on  time or late?????

dombivli Se train gai Kya Koi?  (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

Central line trains are running late 40 minute's and Not a single announcement has been done by Railway why it is getting late (sent from Thakurli Stn.)

central line?  (sent from Ambernath)

how are the trains running from Thane to Ghatkopar

VidyaVihar  to Thane what was the status (sent from Vidyavihar)

What is the position of central rails? are they running or not

so trains stopped for sandhurst road even? frm csmt please reply

trains chalu hai kya?

where is karjat train ? ulhasnagr ali ka nahi (sent from Badlapur Stn.)

Is it central railway going to solve the technical fault or not?? (sent from Nahur Stn.)

what about ghatkopar to dombivili? (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

kanjurmarg station kasa ahe? (sent from Rabale)

Nahi sab ke sab kharab ho gaye... thik karega?  (sent from Dombivli)

any rail problem during commute ? (sent from Kalva)

what about fast Kasara train 8:59 from ghatkopar (sent from Chembur)

where is rail roko done??  (sent from Matunga Stn.)

is there any water logging at thane? (sent from Cotton Green)

asangaon to Thane stuck between Kalva and Thane...what is the issue? kindly update (sent from Kalva)

kalyan to Thane train chalu hai kya? plz help mi (sent from Kalyan)

?? (sent from Matunga Stn.)

down side clear hai kya??

whtever way u choose fr traveling be safe.....thts the only thing which is important..

Plz update trains are running proper and what about Harbour line as my husband will leave for office to BELAPUR.  (sent from Kanjur Marg)

has train left from kalyan ??? (sent from Thane Stn.)

4.03 ambernath from cst nighali ? (sent from Elphinstone Road Stn.)

what is status of 15 coach Kalyan train from cst (sent from Dadar Stn.)

how is kalyan now

Are trains on time?

are train runnin from kalyan through thane line? (sent from Dombivli)

cst to vikrohli??? (sent from Masjid Stn.)

I have heard trains are 1 hour late? is it true? (sent from Vile Parle Stn.)

what about 8:34 fast kalyan to cst (sent from Shahad)

where is the amb. down train right now??

8:30 karjat geli ka thanyavarun...? (sent from Mulund Stn.)

are trains from bhandup to dadar running?

please let me know about Thane Station Status?? 

train status?? (sent from Virar)

thane to cst? (sent from Ghansoli)

dombvali to ambarnath train chalu aahe ka?

whats status of central line local trains? (sent from Vikhroli)

any one at Vidyavihar I have car I can drop where every u want only 3 people (sent from Vidyavihar Stn.)

what is train updates Kalyan to titwala (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

train towards Cst running on tym?  (sent from Badlapur)

what about thana to badlapur trn status (sent from Turbhe)

train is running between thane to Dombivali? (sent from Airoli Stn.)

you are where (sent from Nahur)

any body can say what is the status of CST to Ambernath (sent from Charni Road)

trains on time from thane? (sent from Thane)

can anybody tell is the train running from Ghatkopar towards Thane???

CST varun karjat la yayla konti train ahe? (sent from Karjat)

high tide is expected at 8.45am, thereafter we will get to know how  safe is to travel today  (sent from Kopar)

is there any problem in sion? (sent from Kalyan)

what is the status of Badlapur - Thane train (sent from Thakurli Stn.)

khopoli train dadar pohochat aahe (sent from Elphinstone Road Stn.)

Is train working from Kurla to Dadar? (sent from Tilak Nagar Stn.)

what is status of Kalyan to CST (sent from Ambernath)

badlapur to thane train late hai kya?

 any status about cst to ambernath train ?? (sent from Elphinstone Road Stn.)

are trains working from Dadar to Thane? (sent from Matunga Road Stn.)

what is the train status today 

where is 2:55 fast train (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

dadar train running??? (sent from Nahur Stn.)

thane Kalyan train are running?

thane to vashi ??? (sent from Matunga Road Stn.)

karjat status anyone plz tell from dombivil? (sent from Thakurli)

are trains running from sion and kuthla? (sent from Bhandup)

trains R running on time at CR? (sent from Nerul Stn.)

trains running? (sent from Thane Stn.)

Kalyan to catch status??  (sent from Vithalwadi)

Dadar to thane trains time pe he?

is central line running fine? (sent from Thakurli)

kasara signal issue solved or not?? (sent from Seawood Darave Stn.)

why Central fast Train running late?? CR value passenger time??

any train from shahad ?? (sent from Shahad)

मध्य रेल्वे चालू आहे का सायन वरून घाटकोपर ला जायला?? (sent from Sion Stn.)

is there train working from Dadar to Kalyan ? (sent from Khar Road)

what's the status... conflicting news coming from various mediums... CR says trains running in twitter (sent from Shahad)

what's the Current status for Kalyan to thane trains??  (sent from Shahad)

kanjurmarg to dadar?

condition from thane to khela? (sent from Thakurli)

hello is any train issue ??? (sent from Belapur Cbd Stn.)

what abt karjat train(6.43) from kurla ?? ... where is it heading ??  (sent from Kurla Stn.)

what is the status of thane to Kalyan

 where has 6.51 fast train reached? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

hi Nidhi were r u now ???? (sent from Vikhroli)

are kasara/aasangaon trains on time?

cst to thane train?  (sent from Currey Road)

karjat ke liye train chalu he kya bhai log...? (sent from Vikhroli)

yes! kalvyala pani ahe ka? (sent from Diva Jn)

r central trains are running on tym?

is there enough water for submarine to work from kurla to badlapur (sent from Kurla)

trains working ? (sent from Vithalwadi)

why late trains

cst ke liye trains hai kya??  (sent from Dombivli)

how much delay (sent from Elphinstone Road)

thane station pe kuch issues hai kya??  (sent from Marine Lines Stn.)

train is running from Asangaov to cst...???

chalu ahet ka train?  (sent from Thane)

what's the status of rain in mumbai ? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

thane to karjat??? (sent from Dadar Stn.)

are trains running normal on cr? (sent from Vikhroli)

what is the status of trains from Ghatkopar to Kalyan 

is there train for kalyan from titwala (sent from Titwala Stn.)

what is status of central train (sent from Mulund)

dadar to thane? can anyone please let me know? (sent from Jogeshwari Stn.)

10 42 from. badalapur is in time? (sent from Ambernath)

what about down trains from towards asangaon (sent from Kanjur Marg)

kalyanse train ja rahe hai kya? (sent from Kalyan)

nd what about express trains from pune

?

Sandhurst road to Dadar trains are working or not.? (sent from Sandhurst Road Stn.)

has 8:17 cst Thane slow train left from CST ? (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)

what about fast train towards badlapur  (sent from Vikhroli)

out station express trains chalu hai kya from kalyan to cstm?

central line train running on time a what ???

दादर ठाने सेवा चालू आहे का? (sent from Cotton Green Stn.)

Is there train delay..?

jb ki thane ka pf1 thane tk hi h

are trains regular??

Are Badlapur side trains on time? 

what about Dombivli to Thane? (sent from Dombivli)

Central railways running perfectly. There was a brief attempt of Rail Roko at Thane which was sorted out in quick time.  (sent from Nahur)

train status from thane to kurla??

vik to mumbra? (sent from Vikhroli)

trains status??

train started???? (sent from Nahur Stn.)

is there any waterlogging bin Ghatkopar (sent from Andheri Stn.)

what was the status about train  (sent from Mumbra Stn.)

what is the status of asangaon train 

down trains from kalyan are running or not?? (sent from Kalyan)

trn status from thane to kalyan? (sent from Koparkhairne Stn.)

no train at Vidyavihar station from past 20 minutes. any issue on central line? (sent from Vidyavihar Stn.)

who told you boss  (sent from Matunga Road Stn.)

Kalgan to asangaon train is working or not ?

thank ke aage thik hai?  (sent from Mulund Stn.)

ulhasnagar to thane chalu hai kya ? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

ghatkoper to kalyan? (sent from Jogeshwari)

thane se prbl hua Kia??  (sent from Bhiwandi Road Stn.)

then. why it is different... let. all be one (sent from Mumbai Central Stn.)

is train running from Mulund to cst? (sent from Mulund Stn.)

what status frm mulund t thane (sent from Mulund Stn.)

what is the update (sent from Masjid)

? (sent from Andheri)

what is the status for train from dadar to cst 

what is status between Charchgate to andheri  (sent from Sandhurst Road)

tran chal Rahi hai kya?

what's the problem?? (sent from Nahur Stn.)

is trains working fine?

Kalyan to thane slow train is it available today ?? (sent from Thakurli)

Mulund to Dombivli running? (sent from Dombivli)

where is Badlapur to Cst train?  (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)

panvel se cstm chalu hai kya train ?

trains are working fine ?

 what is the status of central line (sent from Andheri Stn.)

Badlapur se mumbai jane vali local chalu hai kya? (sent from Badlapur)

central cstm train working or not? (sent from Thane Stn.)

1 baje ke baad thane se kurla ke liye train milege kya????

is there any problem on slow track towarrd dadar ?

are trains running from Vikhroli to Dadar  ? (sent from Vikhroli)

kaisa hai? (sent from Jogeshwari)

trains running from cst? (sent from Chinchpokli Stn.)

what about kalyan status for train (sent from Vasind Stn.)

central line is running..?? (sent from Kalyan)

ambernath track Chalu hai Kya??? (sent from Kalyan)

what is the status of central line? (sent from Elphinstone Road Stn.)

trains are running? what abt kurla to CST 

what is status of lonawla to Karjat 

cst to karjat train status?  (sent from Churchgate)

ABP majha???  (sent from Diva Jn)

9.47 kalyan dadar status?? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

 (sent from Juinagar Stn.)

what is the status of badlapur line (sent from Elphinstone Road Stn.)

where is the issue? (sent from Thane Stn.)

What is status of rain logging at sion kurla  (sent from Shahad)

khopoli trian on Karjat time' 10:41on let to how????

is train start from ambernath to Kurla??

Badlapur to thane status? (sent from Badlapur)

train is on time.. or not

dadar to dombivli status ? (sent from Bhiwandi Road)

any updates from shahad to CST trains? (sent from Shahad)

what is the update  (sent from Bhandup)

r trains running on time? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

karjat line chalu aahe ka? (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)

are central trains towards CST working? (sent from Ghatkopar)

late or what? (sent from Badlapur Stn.)

Kalyan se ghansoli train ka Kya status h?? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

trains from CST towards Thane? (sent from Elphinstone Road)

borivali to dadar? (sent from Malad Stn.)

dombivali to CST position? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

what is status from kurla onwards (sent from Kopar Stn.)

what is the issue

How much late??  (sent from Badlapur)

ghansoli to  thane trains ? 

ambarnath to Kalyan ?

badlapur se kalyan ka train chalu he kya......? (sent from Badlapur Stn.)

Konse Channel Par?

dadar ka wada pav wala open hai kya aaj?  (sent from Chunabhatti)

which train to board to reach at neral (sent from Bhiwandi Road)

where is titwala 8:35 (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

train delay between thane - Kurla? (sent from Mulund)

any trains from CST??? (sent from Lower Parel)

csr to kurla chalu hai kya ? plllzzz rpl (sent from Mahalakshmi Stn.)

any long route trains cancelled??......like Hyderabad express and all (sent from Kings Circle Stn.)

can i go mulund from matunga?

9:24 CST semifast from shahad nikal gayi kya?? (sent from Shahad Stn.)

are the trains running on time between Thane to cst?  (sent from Bhandup Stn.)

what is status of thane to Kalyan (sent from Rabale)

what is status?

kurla to badlapur trains ka kya status hai bhailog? (sent from Chembur Stn.)

 what is ghatkoper to sion train status?

kalyan to cst ? (sent from Kalyan)

any. train coming towards vithalwadi station?? Ambernath and badlapur citizens plsz update?? (sent from Vithalwadi Stn.)

Train status from Ulhasnagar ??  (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

Is there any issues for fast train...? (sent from Kalva Stn.)

where is kasara train (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

vikhroli to dadar  trains are proper ?? (sent from Vikhroli)

I am also asking but no one replied ? (sent from Vithalwadi Stn.)

any updates for khopoli train??  (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

कल्याण चा आधी कर्जत लोकल बराच वेळ थांबली आहे...कोणी सांगू शकेल का? (sent from Kalyan)

are trains running from CST to kalyan?? (sent from Malad)

what about khopli yrain

is it rushy or ok travel frm neral to dombivili..??  (sent from Neral Stn.)

dadar se diva train chal rhi hi kya? (sent from Grant Road Stn.)

CST to Dombivli kaisa status hai please koi bataiye ? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

??

is this correct I want to go kalyan from titwala (sent from Titwala)

Trains from Ghatkopar to CST are working ?

hello,any idea whether the 11:25 train from thane to dadar will be there? (sent from Thane Stn.)

badlapur train? (sent from Andheri)

mumbra Thane ???

cst to Ambernath ? (sent from Churchgate Stn.)

is there any problem genion problem for the slow trains ??? (sent from Kanjur Marg)

what about Ghatkopar local ? (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

are trains still slow? (sent from Kanjur Marg)

what abt csmt fast I m in mlnd (sent from Mulund Stn.)

what is the issue (sent from Nahur Stn.)

trains are working between thane to CST? (sent from Kalva)

Karjat train status...? (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)

vat to dombivali is train working ?? (sent from Cst)

anyone running from mumbra ????

is there central railway working  (sent from Vile Parle)

thane to kalyan? (sent from Shahad)

Thane to CST train status?? 

what is the status for Thane to dombivali, trains are running or not?

What's the scene of trains running from Ghatkopar toward Parel? (sent from Ghatkopar)

  what about cst to thane (sent from Currey Road Stn.)

dombvli to Thane? (sent from Ambernath Stn.)

Thane to Dadar trains Chalu hai kya? 

7.51 karjat local time pe hai kya..? plz reply (sent from Dombivli)

what is the current status of train from dadar to Badlapur 

Thane to ambernath chalu h? (sent from Thane)

what about Sion to vikroli? (sent from Sion Stn.)

What the hell are they annoucing?

is there trains from kurla to thane?

what is ambernath train status (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)

thane to cst? (sent from Thane)

trains working thane - vt? 

??? (sent from Shahad)

what about cst to panvel trains?

return trains from byculla working? (sent from Mahalakshmi)

train chalrahi hai kya bhai?

ghatkopar to titwala train are on time or not ?

badlapur cst chalu hai Kya?

are trains running on time ? (sent from Vasind)

where is the 7:55 kalyan 15 Coach train (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

Dombivali cha train chalu aahe ka? (sent from Parel)

kaha pe ? (sent from Kalva Stn.)

Is Thane to Kurla working fine ?

are trains running properly ??  (sent from Dombivli)

kalyan k liye train chalu h?  (sent from Bhayander Stn.)

is the trains running from kasara to cst??? 

is there any local from Karjat to cst?? (sent from Badlapur Stn.)

what happened (sent from Titwala Stn.)

what's the position of kasara to csmt local 

thane cst train suru ahe ka????????

thane se train regular hai ki late hai? (sent from Thane)

are trains on time ?? (sent from Dombivli)

is there any delay in Thane to Kurla trains??

central trains working fine or any issue? (sent from Jogeshwari)

what is the problem

Is central line working?  (sent from Ghatkopar)

central, karjat line, mega block? (sent from Nerul)

5:31 ka Karjat ka kya status hai? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

is there train issue

is there any issues at kalyan or shahad? (sent from Thane Stn.)

ambernath to thane??  (sent from Ambernath)

where as d 6.51 thane badlapur?  (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

train chalu he na ?? (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)

are trains running from ulhasnagar ? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

Kindly check Megablock details in *Most Liked Chats at right side of chat section* also the Megablock details are available in News section of m-indicator app. *News Section* button is present at top right corner of chat section

what is status of karjat local 

what's the status of train now

badlapur to csmt train status kya hai? (sent from Badlapur)

Is the train running from thane to karjat ?? (sent from Ghansoli Stn.)

any news why trains are late on central line towards Kalyan..slow track (sent from Thane)

 Dadar to Ulhasnagar????? (sent from Khar Road)

Is train is running properly towards Kalyan from Bhandup ?

please bolo Ghatkoper sa diva train chalu hai Kya...? please 

central line Ghatkopar to thane status?

kopar vasai line??

6:51 thane badlapur arrived or not at thane??? (sent from Mulund Stn.)

Ulhasnagar to cst ??  (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

badlapur to cst train time p hai kya?  (sent from Thane Stn.)

what about karjat to csmt train?

is this train running (sent from Rabale)

why there are no fast trains in dombivli? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

what is the exact problem on trans harbour line (sent from Thane Stn.)

CST la jayla gaadi velevar ahet ka kalyan varun ? (sent from Vithalwadi)

what is the status of the train

any train for karjat from thane? (sent from Thane)

ghatkopar to Kalyan, how much delay? 

where now? (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

kalwa to AMBERNATH ? (sent from Kalva)

Trains are at normal intervals at Byculla.Whats the status ahead of Byculla? (sent from Byculla Stn.)

pune hun dombivli la jayla train chalu ahet ka?

is there any problem in central line?? (sent from Vashi)

7.35 badlapur csmt????? (sent from Ambernath Stn.)

please confirm are running from kurla to kalyan?? (sent from Chunabhatti)

what is status of train (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

is there heavy rain badlapur side (sent from Grant Road Stn.)

going towards CST? (sent from Thane)

what about between kalyan to badlapur station

how the train is running  (sent from Gtb Nagar Stn.)

what about 5:55pm Vikhroli to badlapur train? (sent from Kanjur Marg)

why railway authority not telling?

Mulund se CST k liye train late hain k band hain ?

what about trains from titwala (sent from Ambivli Stn.)

where is 651 thane Badlapur train  (sent from Mumbra Stn.)

how. much time to start. train??? (sent from Nahur)

train available from mumbra to c.s.t?????

guys what about downside train

Are trains running between Dombivli to Karjat/ Kasara???

Are Trains normally working from Dombivali to Ghatkopar? (sent from Kopar)

thane to karjat chalu hai kyaaa?  (sent from Thane Stn.)

ambernath to cst chaalu hai kya? time pe hai kya train? status please (sent from Ambernath Stn.)

what is the status of train

what is the update at ghatkopar station?

Where is Khopoli traim (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

how train 7.17slow working from kalyan to cst

badlapur to cst what status about train

train chalu he Kya?  central line (sent from Jogeshwari)

dombivli me barish hai kya?? (sent from Dombivli)

trains on time? (sent from Elphinstone Road Stn.)

what is the status of sion and kurla stations water loging on tracks

what is the status of mulund train

badlapur status ? (sent from Badlapur)

are trains to kasara on time? please respond. thanks. (sent from Thane Stn.)

Is train is running properly towards Kalyan from Bhandup ?

Thane Dadar trains running?

towards cst??? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

how much delay is there (sent from Vidyavihar)

bhai kanjur me down line trains chalu hai? (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)

is it train late today in central line??

is CST- DOMBIVALI TRAIN WORKING??? (sent from Grant Road Stn.)

guys are train on time from kalyan to cst? (sent from Vithalwadi)

thane to ambernath ja sakte he Kya... fast train se? (sent from Thane Stn.)

what Is Situation Of Central Line?  (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

yea.. but our bosses who travel by bike or car won't understand this (sent from Badlapur Stn.)

train chalu aahe??

kalyan to badlapur?

kurla mai train ari hai??? (sent from Byculla)

8.43 asangaon at thane?? where is it now? (sent from Kalva Stn.)

where karjat (sent from Elphinstone Road Stn.)

why today train running late please announcement on train (sent from Kalyan)

is the problem solved?  (sent from Govandi Stn.)

what announcement? (sent from Shahad)

is there any issues on central slow line?

what's update Kalyan to Badlpur? (sent from Borivali)

sunday cenral line me mega block hai kya ?

hi what's the train status today? (sent from Thakurli)

trains to pune????  (sent from Matunga Stn.)

12701 hussain sagar is delayed? ( from ghatkopar stn) (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

CST trains working ? (sent from Churchgate)

what ia the status of train

has anyone left by slow train from kalyan? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

are trains on time now? towards csmt? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

where is asangaon to CST from shahad?? (sent from Shahad Stn.)

what about 7.48 Mulund halt train karjat?

guys, what is status of central fast line from Kurla to Dombivli 

is there mega block on central line (sent from Badlapur)

what about thane-cst

Thane to kalyan? ? 

?

thane to cst train status? (sent from Mulund Stn.)

what's the status of train  (sent from Mulund)

Kalyan to CST trains?  (sent from Thakurli Stn.)

what is wrong between kurla and sion? (sent from Kurla)

what about train between lonavala to kalyan (from lonavala)

what about central line

how bout Khopoli route... train running on time der?  (sent from Marine Lines)

where is khopoli train ?  (sent from Ambernath Stn.)

central line status? (sent from Reay Road)

what is the running status between kalyan to cst

from ulhasnagar??? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

Thane Tran cst se chalu hai Kay? (sent from Churchgate)

Is there any issue from Thane to CST? (sent from Thane Stn.)

train late hain kya? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

how bad is it at Ghatkopar?

whats a status of dombivli stn? (sent from Dombivli)

khopoli to karjat?? 

what is the position of trains ?          running on time or not ??

 What is status of ghadkopar station trains are working or not (sent from Thakurli Stn.)

thane me paani hai kya? (sent from Kalyan)

central line working or not. status from kalyan to kurla? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

trains kiti late aahet? (sent from Dombivli)

Good morning,All members. Can anybody tell me where the Thane-cst fast train is now. (sent from Mulund Stn.)

trains are working for Byculla to kalyan???? (sent from Byculla Stn.)

kasara asangaon ya titwala line ka koi update ??? (sent from Ghansoli Stn.)

any one have idea that where is train 7:45 Kalyan fast from kurla (sent from Kurla Stn.)

what is status between kalyan to badlapur?  (sent from Mumbra Stn.)

is it true that trains are cancelled for tomorrow??

yeas why not if you wanna make some money (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

ambanath train running or not ? (sent from Vashi Stn.)

hahahaha what a question (sent from Masjid)

what is train situation between kalyan and thane??

0318PM (Ghatkoper)local for karjat.not yet come in Ghat (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

status of train towards kalyan? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

kurla to dombivile train r start or not ??? (sent from Chunabhatti)

what is the current status of central line (sent from Thane Stn.)

train status ?

Thane to CST Train Status?

what about the Titwala to cst trains 

titwala cst chalu he kya? 

still train are halted no moment what is the problem are we going home are not today (sent from Bhandup)

guyz anyone who is looking job into bpo for voice and non.voice process

what about Dadar Badlapur train? (sent from Thane)

 what is train status (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

Dahanu road - Diva ki train chalu hai kya ? (sent from Dahisar Stn.)

local kitni late chal Rahi hai? (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)

what about ghatkopar to vikhroli?

Kurla to dombivli? 

are the trains in central line runing in time? (sent from Mira Road)

Kalyan to Dadar train r running on time?

Is it kalyan station logged with water??

please tell me where is kasara local now 2.38 kalyan (sent from Asangaon)

all the trains toward kalyan are cancelled till next update. stay where u r.

what is situation in Kalwa Station.. (sent from Kalva)

is there heavy water logging at sion station?

what is a status of vikhroli to mulund??  (sent from Vikhroli)

ulhasnagar to ghat ko par ? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

 are  fast trains running on time ?? (sent from Bhandup Stn.)

kalyan to Badlapur train ka status kya hai? (sent from Kalyan)

are the trains operational from ghatkopar to thane? (sent from Andheri)

central line train status ?? (sent from Chembur Stn.)

7.28 kasara from kalyan status ?? (sent from Titwala Stn.)

HI good morning , what status now central line? ¤ (sent from Dombivli)

kurla to thane trains ka kya status hai?? (sent from Kurla)

is train on time...? (sent from Kalyan)

what's the status of trains from Thane towards csmt ? (sent from Thane Stn.)

what about sunday to express are runing on time (sent from Badlapur)

any update on 7.33 fast from thane to cst ??? (sent from Thane Stn.)

what's the train status from ghatkopar to dombivli?

Thane stn K Bahar Bridge toot Gya H Kya?  (sent from Gtb Nagar)

from ulhasnagar??? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

status of the train from dadar to Dombiwali? (sent from Elphinstone Road)

Asangaon ki train nikli? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

towards cst chalu hai kya from thane?

what is the current status for nahur to cst  trains ,? (sent from Nahur)

from ??

are trains working towards Kasara from Kalyan? (sent from Kanjur Marg)

when will badlapur train from CST resume (sent from Cst Stn.)

what abt Vikhroli to Sion???? please let me knw (sent from Ghatkopar)

trains are running from Ghatkopar to Kalyan??

what about ambernath train two train are late what the statues send from dombivali stn (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

Dahanu local ??? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

Is slow train halting at Vidyavihar? (sent from Bhandup Stn.)

train from shahad are on time?? (sent from Shahad)

ghatkopar to kalyan situation? (sent from Vile Parle Stn.)

Any issues in the central line rn?? the badlapur train isn't moving ahead of mulund (sent from Mulund Stn.)

what is status of trains from Thane?

what is the position at thane

Any train on Dombivli station?  (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

any Trains from ambernath to thane ? (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)

where is Asangav (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)

badlpur ka status he? (sent from Badlapur)

are trains running on time???

where is Thane local (sent from Reay Road Stn.)

what about thane to karjat train

kalyan asangaon on time??? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

train taking too much time to reach dombivali...? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

6.45 kalyan starting from Karjat Fast status? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

after mulund it is also slow??? 

train are running? (sent from Ghatkopar)

Thane to Sion Trains available?? whays effect of Raining?

dadar to kurla?? (sent from Elphinstone Road Stn.)

what's the problem? (sent from Mulund Stn.)

any issue of water logging? kalyan to Thane?

what is the status of train towards titwala (sent from Ghansoli Stn.)

6.03 Kalyan left CST or not?  (sent from Sandhurst Road)

dadar to thane trains are running ? (sent from Andheri)

why train is not moving (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

are trains late between mulund to ghatkopar? 

so is it working or not? have to leave for asangaon

train why late (sent from Bhandup Stn.)

ambarnath to cst train chal raha hai???  (sent from Ambernath Stn.)

what problem

what happen with central line (sent from Bhandup Stn.)

sion to cst???? (sent from Sion)

what is the status of trains from ambernath (sent from Shahad)

Karjat ???? (sent from Ambernath Stn.)

how r u Mansi? (sent from Chunabhatti)

what about expreas train

what about trains towards Karjat and khopoli? 

 what is about upside trains (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)

amol where are you  (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

kyn train chalu h ky}? (sent from Thane Stn.)

thane to titwala chalu he ky? (sent from Thane)

I am planning to go to Bandra, what's the status of Borivali to Bandra line?

what is status of asangaon train? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

badlapur to ghatkopar trains are late??? 

what about kurla and sion status

where is the 6.01pm dadar to kalyan semifast train??? (sent from Dadar Stn.)

CSTM-Dubai train kab chalu hogi?

karjat to cst fast on time? (sent from Kalyan)

what is  status of CST -Karjat local  (sent from Andheri)

aor trains aarhi hai kyaa?? from cst?? (sent from Masjid Stn.)

what is status slow local from sion (sent from Sion Stn.)

dombivli se cstm jane vale train on time hai kya??  (sent from Ghatkopar)

12:18 kasara to CST running late? (sent from Shahad)

?? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

central line working or not? (sent from Churchgate)

is any train arriving at parel  (sent from Elphinstone Road Stn.)

why dis trains working can't we take holiday coz of heavy rain 😭😭

central all ok? (sent from Ghatkopar)

trains from cst to thane???

wer is karjat train?? (sent from Rabale Stn.)

is it safe to travel from Dombivli to Dadar? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

r u serious??? (sent from Shahad Stn.)

are central trains on time? (sent from Mulund)

up trains are working? 

do  fast and semi fast train halt at mulund today? (sent from Dombivli)

what is current status from cstm to kalyan

anyone at ghatkopar station? please update about train details...

7:41 Dadar Ambernath is on time kya?

local train coming from badlapur is on time ???

what idea (sent from Seawood Darave Stn.)

vangani se cst any status??

what about 10:45 dadar (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

what is status of train from thane to cst ?? (sent from Rabale Stn.)

what is condition at badlapur station?? (sent from Badlapur)

aaj to band hai then how train is working

where it is now? (sent from Juinagar Stn.)

what's the status from Dombivali to badlapur (sent from Parel)

? (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)

Thane se cst fast hai abhi? (sent from Thane Stn.)

slow train r moving to fast track? (sent from Bhandup)

what is train situation at dadar

Whats a status at Badlapur ??? (sent from Badlapur)

Vikhroli to Thane Train working? (sent from Vikhroli)

how to do that?  (sent from Karjat)

what is train status to kalyan to thane

ghatkopar to ambernath which status

Today what's the reason for the delay? Almost half an hr late  (sent from Kalva Stn.)

is there waterlogging on tracks??? (sent from Badlapur)

kasara to kalyan normal hey na trains??? (sent from Churchgate Stn.)

can someone confirm if trains are working fine between dadar to Vikhroli? (sent from Kings Circle)

Badlapur se train Chal rahi hai proper??  (sent from Badlapur)

metro running? (sent from Vithalwadi)

what abt trains from dom to cst? (sent from Dombivli)

ky scene train ka?m (sent from Dombivli)

Hi are the trains on time??   (sent from Vikhroli)

abhi train chal rahi hai par baadme kya?

catm to kurla train chalu hai kya? (sent from Sandhurst Road Stn.)

what's issues ghatkopar to Thane?

fast train proper hai kya? (sent from Vidyavihar)

is there any water locking at kalyan?

Status of trains from Ghatkopar towards Dadar? (sent from Ghatkopar)

slow train from thane to kalyan status pls?? (sent from Kalva)

there has been an incident near kural-sion station that's y trains are late (sent from Mulund)

dadar station se thane ke liye train hai kya ? (sent from Dadar Stn.)

what is the postion of kalyan station (sent from Thane Stn.)

what is the situation in thane  (sent from Badlapur)

Dombivli to Kurla status ?? (sent from Dombivli)

What is the status of 9.58 fast train from kalyan? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

are trains on time? 

what is the status of 1:25 CST from diva?  (sent from Mumbra Stn.)

due to heavy rain? where is raining now? (sent from Ambernath)

Any update train from Byculla to Thane? (sent from Mahalakshmi)

what is position of trains at ghatkopar station towards cst (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

dombivali to CSMT????? 

are trains working from thakurli? (sent from Thakurli Stn.)

are trains running???  (sent from Vasind)

fast train chalu hai kya from Kalyan to thana?  (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

any warning about rains?

what is the status from dhanu to churchgate local (sent from Boisar)

thane to ghatkopar any issues??  (sent from Shelu Stn.)

what about towards asangao trains...?? (sent from Thakurli Stn.)

where is karjat - cst fast (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

hiii.. central line ki train chalu hai kya ?

kalyan to kurla any problem?  (sent from Kalyan)

are trains working properly? (sent from Ghatkopar)

badlapur to cst train status...????

why

r trains on time?

Badlapur- Kalyan status? (sent from Badlapur)

Fast Trains are running on time between Dombivali and dadar ???? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

kalyan to badlapur train chalu hai kya? (sent from Kalyan)

anyone know where is titwala CSTM fast local (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

thana se aage cst ke liye train chal Rahi h kya???? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

central line status plzx? (sent from Masjid)

yes for now it is safe not sure what happen in afternoon (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

10:42 just left from thane station at 10:57. why locAls are late..? (sent from Thane Stn.)

what about kurla panvel ? (sent from Tilak Nagar)

trains on time in central? (sent from Thane Stn.)

it's raining heavily in thane??? (sent from Badlapur)

thane to kalyan is running or not?

is there mega block tomorrow? (sent from Vikhroli)

(11081 gorakhpur express) can anyone tell me about  this mail... I heard  that today that all train will be Cancel....can anyone plz check for me about  this train it's urgent 

what  (sent from Dombivli)

hello? (sent from Vashi Stn.)

how  is train now

how are trains runnibg (sent from Chembur)

what's the condition outside Kurla station?  (sent from Karjat)

Dombivli up local chalu aahe ka ?

khopoli???? (sent from Karjat)

Panvel to thane chalu aahe ka?  (sent from Belapur Cbd)

where has Deccan Queen towards Pune reached 

where is csmt to karjat train right now  (sent from Badlapur Stn.)

बदलापुर वरून सीएसटी कडे जाणाऱ्या ट्रेन वेळेवर आहे का? (sent from Badlapur)

are trains running?

What is the status on trains? On time Or Late? 

can any1 tell me that kurla to mumbra train is running or not??  is there megablock?? (sent from Chunabhatti Stn.)

karjat train status ...?? (sent from Badlapur Stn.)

are trains Working from dadar to thane? (sent from Mahim Jn)

what is current train update??? (sent from Mulund Stn.)

Are trains working form thane to CST???

what about kurla to kalyan

thana dombivli chalu aahe ka vyasthit??

are trains going ahead of Sion ??  (sent from Vidyavihar)

9:37 ki CSMT itni late kyon hai ? (sent from Thane Stn.)

Why this 11.31 khophli from dadar is always getting late? 

only Vidhyadhar to Byculla mega Block is there ..? rest trains are running? (sent from Badlapur Stn.)

dadar to Kalyan trains are running? (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)

Is it raining only in thane?

Train is working or not

someone died?  (sent from Thane Stn.)

What is status of Central Train?

koi fatak band karega? (sent from Kalva)

what is the train status in central line

where is the 9:17 asangon train (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

what is the status for badlapur train (sent from Badlapur Stn.)

what about Vikhroli to thane train status (sent from Vikhroli)

hi.ghatkopar to CST train running?

u can ask railway ministry that how trains are latr (sent from Thakurli)

vidyavihar to kurla technical issue on which line (sent from Badlapur)

what's the problem center line in slow trak 

Any update on thane to kalyan trains ? (sent from Shahad)

what is the status of train from ghatkoper to Kalyan 

डोंबिवली हुन कसारा साठी लोकल चालू आहे का? प्लिज हेल्प.. (sent from Nilje)

8. 03 thane karjat slow status? 

is there any Train From Thane to Dombivali (sent from Tilak Nagar)

is there any mega block tomorrow between Kalyan to Kannur?

thane to kalyan running? (sent from Belapur Cbd Stn.)

thane to Vashi ?  (sent from Badlapur)

all  train are working no issues n stop asking again and again those who don't have any time paas  (sent from Thane)

what is the status of trains for Kasara side...?  (sent from Dombivli)

are Kasara trains running? (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)

is there any problem between dadar and thane  (sent from Ghansoli)

from Ghatkopar to Kalyan how much time the trains are late

kurla to csmt chalu hai kya? (sent from Nerul Stn.)

what's indicator on fast track 

train chslu h kya?

what is the status of trains from Titwala to CSMT? (sent from Titwala)

how are trains running late?? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

ambernath to cst?

what status train at diva (sent from Diva Jn)

thane to cst working??? (sent from Airoli Stn.)

status on crowd?  (sent from Byculla)

what is the trains status at Ambernath??

Dadar se Dombivali? (sent from Elphinstone Road Stn.)

are you serious?

kurla to thane train status??? (sent from Tilak Nagar)

mumbai mein rains hai kya?  (sent from Neral)

kalyan se titwala trains chalu hai??? (sent from Kalyan)

what about Badalapur (sent from Badlapur)

what about karjat train?  (sent from Badlapur Stn.)

what is the status of train from badlapur. (sent from Badlapur)

what about mumbra to thane

thane to cst workng ???

are trains for badlapur n karjat running? (sent from Mulund)

what is a status cst to dombivli  (sent from Andheri)

what's the train status from thane towards cst..via slow line  (sent from Koparkhairne Stn.)

ghatkopar stationla pani bharlay kaa? please sanga... (sent from Kandivali)

from cstm what status (sent from Churchgate)

CST to Matunga train chal Rahi hai kya??

trains are runnning properly? (sent from Thane Stn.)

why trains r delayed (sent from Kurla Stn.)

trains are working on time ? (sent from Marine Lines)

hi..  are trains running on time?   (sent from Koparkhairne)

y the government dont fix up proper drainage system?

thane to badlapur train status???

ddr to thane is working..?? (sent from Vikhroli)

Sagar Ambivli la jast pani bharlay ka? (sent from Andheri Stn.)

Plz tell when it leaves thane (sent from Mulund Stn.)

wat is the status kalyan local is it on time or not

where is the 9:36 train now (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)

trains working properly in central line from Dombivili?

badlapur to cst status?? (sent from Badlapur)

Within how many hours , onee has to start train ride after buying train ticket ? (sent from Borivali)

what is condition of central railway 

your are waiting for which train??  (sent from Ambernath)

Kalyan se kasara chalu hai kya? (sent from Vithalwadi)

? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

Trains working from Ambernath to CST ? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

Is water logging there in sion...are train going toward thane crossing sion? (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)

trains are running properly towards dombivali??? (sent from Santa Cruz)

hello are trains running okay??  (sent from Dombivli)

Is the central train running from Thane??? (sent from Bandra)

central working or not

why trains are delay any info...??? (sent from Thane Stn.)

what about Kurla to thane (sent from Chunabhatti)

why is train stopped in between kalyan and thakurli ?? (sent from Thakurli)

Status from Thane???

where is 6.04 ambernath train now? (sent from Ambernath Stn.)

no train for karjat? (sent from Mulund Stn.)

can someone please tell me about Central line... is ghatkopar to thane working properly?  (sent from Ghatkopar)

trai  time he? (sent from Badlapur Stn.)

western ke chat pe pucho na (sent from Kurla)

is Train are working towards CSMT??? plz rply  (sent from Ambernath)

trains are time in Mumbra to go CST?

kalwa?? (sent from Mulund Stn.)

please update dadar to badlapur train chalu Hai Kya? (sent from Vile Parle)

What a status of karjat-Thane trains? (sent from Vangani Stn.)

what is the status of central line train??

current status from Matunga to Mulund??? (sent from Matunga Road Stn.)

pls leave the seats who where sitting long time and waiting Thane station the whi (sent from Mulund)

how are trains from dombivli to dadar

Is there a lot of crowd on kurla vashi route right now (sent from Turbhe Stn.)

is there any problem on central

fast or slow?  (sent from Mulund Stn.)

kurla vidyavihar train is running? (sent from Mankhurd Stn.)

but what is the problem i dont no (sent from Kalva Stn.)

thane to dombivli velevar ahet ka trn??

15 coach train where is reached... kalyan fast (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

kalyan,badlapur trains there?

what the status about ambernath trains

Kalyan to Thane? on time  (sent from Shahad)

dombivli to CST .. status ? (sent from Dombivli)

wat abt 6:15 kartaj slow. left thane?? (sent from Kalva)

train toward csmt? (sent from Bhandup)

what's going on why are trains late at central 

why problem (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

what is the status from thane to cst? 

update on train toward CST? (sent from Dombivli)

is train towards neral is there? (sent from Matheran Stn.)

how to situations from central? (sent from Chinchpokli Stn.)

train is running or not from bhandup to cst?? (sent from Bhandup)

which station reached ambernath train...???

 any update for mulund to ghatkopar? (sent from Nahur)

where is khopoli local (sent from Ambernath Stn.)

what happened in Kalman  (sent from Khopoli Stn.)

is dt really true?? (sent from Badlapur)

what is the status of CST to Ambernat? (sent from Dockyard Road Stn.)

what update Thane to kaylan ? (sent from Mulund)

what the issue pls update (sent from Dadar Stn.)

What is the status of today's running train's (sent from Vikhroli)

 what about 10.42 Badlapur local ? (sent from Badlapur Stn.)

what is the running status of badlapur to csmt (sent from Vithalwadi)

gelchodo? 

what about 5:49 at neral (sent from Neral Stn.)

how is rain in titwala (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)

where is Kalyan fast 15 car? (sent from Ghatkopar)

hi trains are running properly from dadar to thane? (sent from Malad)

are train on time? (sent from Shahad)

Ghatkopar to dombivali Train are running???  (sent from Ghatkopar)

just send u r status don' t ask this that people get confuse  (sent from Dombivli)

karjat fast to csmt at 2:14? 

10.54 from kalyan towards cst coming from titwala arrived??? plzz reply  (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

any train movement..? 

what about Kasara side

7.51 karjat where is it?  (sent from Ambernath)

any news what is the issue  (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)

karasa train chalu hai kya? (sent from Vangani Stn.)

sure ?????

टिटवाळा येथे येणारी ३.३७ ची कसारा ट्रेन कुठे आहे आता??? (sent from Titwala)

Ambernath se chalu hai kya trains?? 

thane tk chlu h ky train ??  (sent from Thakurli)

what is train status diva to CST line  (sent from Diva Jn)

? (sent from Thakurli Stn.)

are trains working to CSTM on time? 

what is the status at kurla station?  (sent from Kalyan)

thane to CST ? (sent from Ghatkopar)

Train towards asangoan? 

is there any problem in thane station? (sent from Andheri)

where is a titwala trn (sent from Titwala)

are trains running between kasara & CST, as one of my family member is stuck in kasara?please reply  (sent from Byculla Stn.)

anyone? (sent from Vidyavihar Stn.)

guys is thane to dombivli ok?

what is the situation of Badlapur station? (sent from Badlapur)

Thane to badlapur?? (sent from Thane)

Kurla to Ambarnath trains are running normal?

where is 8.19 badalapur @ sion (sent from Sion Stn.)

trains are running or not

where is last train

what's the status (sent from Badlapur)

what is status for coming from nahur to kalyan (sent from Kalyan)

are trains late or cancelled? (sent from Badlapur Stn.)

where is titwala cst semi fast right now (sent from Mumbra Stn.)

Central on time  hai? from vashind stn (sent from Vasind)

status plzz?  (sent from Andheri)

are trains Running?

what is the status about thane to csmt (sent from Thane)

when? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

what is the status of trains running from Dombivli to CST? (sent from Dombivli)

is central line working Karla to Thane?  (sent from Tilak Nagar)

any mega block ?

ghatkopar ke aage train barabsr hai kya? (sent from Vile Parle Stn.)

Thane to dombivali trains chalu hai kya?  (sent from Dombivli)

kalyan se thane train chalu hai kya? (sent from Kalyan)

दादर ला नक्की झालाय काय? (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)

where is khoop ki to cstm train (sent from Badlapur Stn.)

is there any train from ghatkopar to Thane

Trains chalu hai....?? 

kalyan cst ka kya haal hai?  (sent from Kalyan)

1st platform train is where 🙄 (sent from Thane Stn.)

Badlapur status?

are trains running in between dombivli n csmt?  (sent from Kopar)

wants to go Ulhasnagar from Byculla. is trains are running as usual? (sent from Byculla Stn.)

are trains on time from mulund to cst? (sent from Sandhurst Road Stn.)

i want to go to csmt from vile parle.. are direct trains running? (sent from Vile Parle Stn.)

train status from dadar to Thane? (sent from Malad Stn.)

anyupdate on pune to cst train status?

say.......?  (sent from Vasind)

status of 6:55 fast from badlapur to csmt pls??

what about C.R.Megablock ? (sent from Dombivli)

please update status about maharashtra bandh is Mumbai bandh today ?

central line var local train chalu ahet ka kalyan ?

kalyan se badlapur chalu he kay? (sent from Vikhroli)

central line working or not?? (sent from Vikhroli)

what is the position of train  (sent from Dombivli)

what about mulund to Ambernath 

central train status? 

ambernath to ghatkopar train running or not 

where is 5.54 asangaon fast  (sent from Matunga Road Stn.)

what about karjat train?

I want to go kalyan to ambernath can you plz tell mi the current status of down trains? 

what status  after sandust road towards  cstm? (sent from Sandhurst Road)

are trains working beyond sion? (sent from Mulund Stn.)

Kalyan ke aage ja rhi h train ya nhi ?? please update (sent from Dativali)

thane to kalyan all ok??

kalyan to CST train chalu he kya? (sent from Nerul Stn.)

Are Harbour lines trains are running? (sent from Dockyard Road Stn.)

train status???

those who are in travelling now.. pls update the status of trains. so that rest of people can plan according to that

what about slow and fast train (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

are trains running in between CBD belapur and thane ? (sent from Mulund)

trains in time ??

what is the status of 11:19 Kasara fast from kalyan? (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)

where

how abt thane?? is it still in problem???  (sent from Kandivali Stn.)

is cst thane route functioning normally? (sent from Charni Road)

trains Working towards CST? (sent from Ghatkopar)

are trains halts on Vidyavihar station? (sent from Mulund Stn.)

dombivli to thane trains? (sent from Dombivli)

train status from masjid to nahur? (sent from Churchgate)

central railway running on time or stop?? (sent from Goregaon Stn.)

issue is solve or not

are trains from kasara available?? 

is there train available from thane to vashi

Kalyan to badlapur,karjat,khopoli trains are running late by 45 mins (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

towards kasara train chalu aahet ka ? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

what is the status about Down line in Central (sent from Khar Road)

Ulhasnagar to Dadar? (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)

Today  raining  very  heavily   here.. What  about  in CST  mumbai  side ?  (sent from Vithalwadi)

every where not in Kalyan only (sent from Bhandup)

what is status for slow train kalyan to cst (sent from Thakurli Stn.)

central line train running?

kurla to dadar running train ?? (sent from Govandi)

dombivli to kanjurmarg status?  (sent from Kopar Stn.)

Thane to Kalyan status? 

train position kalwa to CSt ? (sent from Kalva)

trains are late 20-25 mins in all central..what is crowd status on Dombivli stn??? (sent from Dombivli)

Thane to ambernath, are the trains working? (sent from Ghansoli Stn.)

fast train Thik se Chal rhe h ya late h?????  (sent from Vithalwadi)

kurla to karjat train chalu ahe ka ??? (sent from Ambernath)

why some of the Pune train cancelled today (sent from Kalva Stn.)

any problem to reach kurla to kalyan?trains are running properly? (sent from Mahim Jn)

dadar to thane trains on time?? (sent from Dadar Stn.)

source?  (sent from Kopar)

what about diva vasai route train status ? running on time? (sent from Kopar Stn.)

what is status from kalyan to cst (sent from Vithalwadi)

?????? (sent from Nahur Stn.)

what about mumbai to pune express

wt abt nerul to kalyan route?

for where (sent from Thane Stn.)

what's the status of slow trains towards thane

are trains running ?  (sent from Bandra)

where has the thane train reached  (sent from Ambernath Stn.)

badlapur to dombivali status?? (sent from Badlapur)

people who want to get down at Ghatkopar, thane, Dombivli should use some common sense and not catch Ambernath Badlapur Karjat khopoli asangaon and Kasara trains (sent from Andheri)

kalyan badlapur trains are working? 

dadar to ambernath is running? (sent from Jogeshwari)

any update 10.26 Kalyan se cst fast??? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

Trains running from sion towards cst? (sent from Gtb Nagar Stn.)

koni sangnar ki titwala te thane train chalu aahai ka ?? (sent from Titwala)

whr is 8:03 thane Karjat train? (sent from Ambernath)

Badlapur to Thane?  (sent from Badlapur Stn.)

which train coming in Thakurli (sent from Thakurli)

thane to ambernath train chalu hai Kya?? (sent from Thane)

is this true..... plz othet ppl confirm (sent from Vidyavihar Stn.)

where is o:46 Ambernath  (sent from Ambernath Stn.)

is titwala-kalyan line running ol? (sent from Titwala Stn.)

what is status of central line train? (sent from Vikhroli)

so now train is running bt late right? (sent from Mumbra)

9:02 Kalyan CST ? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

anyone at Thane for Dombivli? r trains working ?

Baarish me train ke darwaje pe latakna jaruri hai kya? (sent from Kalyan)

what is the situation about titwala (sent from Titwala)

badlapur cst? (sent from Badlapur Stn.)

how is status of train from CST to Dombivli? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

what is the problem

Are trains running between karjat to thane?

central trains are running???? please confirm I want to go Pune

is everything okay nahur station? (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

8:6 chi khopoli mulund halt kidar hai ab ?  (sent from Bhandup Stn.)

Dombivali to Ghatkopar kya hal hai ? (sent from Thakurli)

what is the status at ghatkopar

ambarnath to thane train working?? (sent from Koparkhairne)

status at sion? waterlogging??

kasara train chalu h ky? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

Cst to Kalyan trains are working ?? (sent from Mulund)

Replying to @dedhiadilip @GM_CRly and 6 others

is 7.43 thane badlapur confirmed??? (sent from Kalva Stn.)

what is the status of trains

are trains running fine on central ??? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

all central trains are running fine? (sent from Nahur)

भायखळा ते डोंबिवली गाडी चालु आहे का...? (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)

sonething wrong with fast track line. any update???

what about tomorrow 

what is the status for central line any update... (sent from Ambernath Stn.)

what time megablock for central line (sent from Mulund)

chai milegi ky}?😊😊

what is the status of mega blocks  (sent from Badlapur Stn.)

airol to thane train are closed....those people  who want go in accenture ..  reliable tech park....then dont go (sent from Badlapur Stn.)

what is the status (sent from Nahur)

are trains running on time from dombivali to catch? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

kalyan la. pochli ka karjat local...?  (sent from Ambivli Stn.)

anyone at Kalyan ???? (sent from Thakurli Stn.)

what position  main line dadar (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)

thane se CSMT train chalu hai kya??

central line working? (sent from Sandhurst Road Stn.)

what's status about Thane - Kalyan (sent from Juinagar)

are u sure ??? (sent from Churchgate Stn.)

where has Kasara train reached?  (sent from Badlapur)

what is the train status from thane to dadar

badlapur to thane sab ok h na trains late nhi h na?? (sent from Badlapur Stn.)

from where to where mega block is today?

should  I take the train or the roads? ( Mulund to vile Parle)

Thane to Badlapur status ????

what status in badlapur station..cst trains r late.? (sent from Badlapur)

is there any train from kalyan  to thane

What is the status of CST-Thane? (sent from Thane)

bhaio train chl rh h k ni Kurla se Mumbra k bich?? (sent from Kurla)

central gharkopar to thane  what happend  (sent from Gtb Nagar)

hello what the status of train between kalyan to thane  (sent from Vithalwadi)

what situation from dadar to vidyavihar..? (sent from Bandra Stn.)

what is the status of ladies special train (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

what's the status for train to Pune?? Any problem in and around karjat

why 

does the indore pune express stop on diva junction (sent from Kopar Stn.)

fast trains are working? (sent from Vidyavihar)

when will karjat train will come (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

sure ?

train statud towards Asangaon..?? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

? (sent from Andheri Stn.)

what are the charges for express monthly pass of dadar to karjat

kurla to kanjumarg running properly ? (sent from Govandi)

dadar to kalyan?? (sent from Grant Road Stn.)

what about Badlapur to CST (sent from Badlapur)

how much time take to travel from thane to parel by slow train...? (sent from Mulund Stn.)

train are on time?? (sent from Dombivli)

titwala se cst ke liye train chalu hai na ?? (sent from Titwala Stn.)

kalyan to karjat chalu aahe ka? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

thane to cst trains time var ahet ka?

is there water logging now in matunga, siin, kurla?  (sent from Masjid)

chalu hai... but most of the trains are getting cancelled :'(... better get to a station which has halt for fast trains. U can get more options (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)

are the trains running on proper time? (sent from Masjid Stn.)

Train time vaar ahet ka ?? (sent from Ambivli)

no water logging?

hello are the trains on time ? please update  (sent from Ghatkopar)

 what is status of train from Badlapur to cst (sent from Badlapur)

statuse from vithalwadi to csmt?? (sent from Vithalwadi)

are central line trains running on time??

is there rain in matunga (sent from Thane)

kalyan to cst? are trains working 

status for dombivli? (sent from Thakurli)

trains are on time?

what happens guys

fast cst 11:56 thane status? (sent from Thane Stn.)

one slow local was giving problems,  which was terminated at Mukund abd taken to crashed. now trains r running,  but slowly.  (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)

CST to Dombivali running or not ??? (sent from Churchgate Stn.)

how is frequency of down side trains (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

kalyan to thane safe to travel ?

thane to cst is ok or not? (sent from Thane)

what about khopoli train (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

any megablock on central line? 

what is the status of trans harbour ? (sent from Vithalwadi Stn.)

Is Central railway trains running from Thane to CSMT?

are there any problems in train timings? (sent from Shahad)

CST to Thane running? (sent from Lower Parel)

aaj sutti ahe ka? 😂 (sent from Kopar Stn.)

any update about ghatkopar station? 

dadar chi kay avastha aahe? (sent from Parel)

is the train on time from dombivali to dadar (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)

what is the status of train from Karjat (sent from Karjat Stn.)

will auto rickshaws and busses be running tomorrow? (sent from Thane Stn.)

haha i was replying to a guy who was asking for trans harbour.  (sent from Kings Circle)

?

where is 7.30 badlapur fast (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

central line trains are working???  (sent from Andheri)

Ambernath to cst Kay status ahe?

are train running on time ?? from Dombivali to cst (sent from Mumbra Stn.)

central line is working fine or not ....?  (sent from Bhandup)

is there trian available from Ghatkopar to thane  (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

what is the current status of local from Thane to csmt?? r they running well ??  (sent from Koparkhairne Stn.)

karjat train any update?  (sent from Mumbra Stn.)

what is the status of train toward Dadar from Ghatkopar (sent from Ghatkopar)

Which train on Indicator platform no 1 Thane station

status from ulhasnagar? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

Guys Ulhasnagar station pe koi train ka wait Kar raha Hai ya Nahi..? CST jaane k liye (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)

train from thane to kalyan ??

whats the status of the trainfrm dadar to dombivli...do rply?  (sent from Thakurli)

???? (sent from Mulund Stn.)

any update from Badlapur  to CST trains? (sent from Badlapur)

are the central line trains on time? (sent from Mulund Stn.)

trains toward CST?? (sent from Thane Stn.)

any trains from karjat? (sent from Karjat)

train status from Kalyan towards CST?

are  trains on time in central line? (sent from Nahur)

is there water logging at Sion kurla?  (sent from Panvel)

what about asan gaon to c s t  train

Thane to CST update? (sent from Mulund Stn.)

badlapur to cst train chalu ahe ka? (sent from Badlapur)

dadar to Thane status ? (sent from Dadar Stn.)

is trains are running on time from ambernath? 

hi what is train status from byculla to kalyan

yaa trains are 1 hour late theres a track issue which is nt solved yet (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)

does it left? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

trajan toward csmt is running or not 

what's problem in sion between to dadar or masjid (sent from Badlapur)

ghatkopar se mumbra ka status kya hae??? (sent from Vidyavihar)

kalyan to cst train are running or not?  (sent from Vidyavihar)

asangao local its running on time?🙏🏼 (sent from Kalyan)

डोंबिवली वरून दादर ला जाण्यासाठी  ट्रेन चालू आहेत का ?

please send me current status of c.r from ulhasngar to kurla? (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)

all those who r planning to travel beyond ghatkopar-cst belt pls dont risk. heavy water logging at Sion Matunga (sent from Dadar Stn.)

are trains running from karjat on time? (sent from Neral Stn.)

what status of Badlapur -cst train s

abhi dombivli se train chal rahi hai kya? (sent from Dombivli)

is there mega block today? (sent from Dombivli)

kyn to kjt train is immediately which time (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

khopoli jaanewali fast train kaha hai? (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

Govt of Maharashtra issued a special award for those who are asking stupid question train chalu hai kya , are trains running on time, train status etc (sent from Thakurli Stn.)

what's the status of trains in Central line? 

what is the status at Dombivli (sent from Thane Stn.)

dombivli to ghatkopar train status pls? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

khopoli? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

Kalyan To CSMT Train Running??Or Not (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

train is on time or not

where is 12.19 Kasara csmt ? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

what's the problem

what's the status of central line from kanjur marg

pls update your oun status by which we can judge the situation instead of asking questions (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

curry road to kanjurmarg is working? (sent from Currey Road Stn.)

its train working properly? (sent from Badlapur)

train chalu ahet ka? (sent from Karjat)

any up fast trains at Kalyan?  (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

where is titwala train (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

where is cst to khopoli fast. update plzzzz

what is train status 

any updates on train? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

what about Solapur Mumbai Siddhrshwar Super Fast Train (sent from Shahad)

sion cha status kay ahe???

I want to go Kurla from shahad so plzzz tell me trains are running late or running on time?

parel to kanjurmarg status? (sent from Lower Parel)

what abt central railway... it's running properly (sent from Shahad)

kasara cst fast train running late as usual... has she reached kalyan yet?  (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

reason anyone y slow trains r late? (sent from Mumbra Stn.)

koi jawab bhi dega?  (sent from Karjat)

what's the status of Dombivali to Dadar (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

CST to Dombivli kaisa status hai ? (sent from Thakurli Stn.)

train taka tak chalu aahe ka? (sent from Mahalakshmi Stn.)

KALYAN to thane working  kya??  (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

titvala to kurla first class ticket? 

what status about ambernath to ghatkopar train...?

is it on time?

can I go thane from Ghatkopar!are trains running on time?

what's the train status now? in Neral.  (sent from Neral Stn.)

train status at sion ???? (sent from Gtb Nagar Stn.)

are trains going to be shut? (sent from Mulund Stn.)

aj office la sutti gheu Ka ??? (sent from Kanjur Marg)

are trains r running from Dadar to vikhroli ?? (sent from Grant Road Stn.)

is there any mega block from.mumbra

are train working from dombivili to mulund?  (sent from Dombivli)

 are trains are delay? (sent from Thane Stn.)

central working? (sent from Mahalakshmi)

I am just wondering who will be here if railways kicks off with GPS  enabled trains n start providing live updates. Matter of the fact, is Railways gonna upgrade them to this extent?, may be as they installed CCTVs n WIFI services (sent from Ambernath Stn.)

Kalyan to CST any update? (sent from Kalva)

ghatkopar to karjat trains r running? (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)

what is update of central line thane to Badlapur

why the all trains are delay 

Dombivli to dadar trains??   (sent from Dombivli)

guys can anyone tell me thane station condition because of rains? 

  ghatkopar to cst trains are running?? (sent from Ghatkopar)

what is the status from Matunga to Vikhroli? (sent from Matunga Stn.)

  5.58 Thane from airoli.. where is the train? (sent from Airoli Stn.)

Konse timing ki hai?  (sent from Kalyan)

thane Badlapur 7:43? status (sent from Mumbra Stn.)

train is running proper or not?? (sent from Thane Stn.)

abhi central line open hai kya??? (sent from Mumbai Central)

what is the issue (sent from Thane)

is kurla to Kalyan train working??

what about KHOPOLI local (sent from Thane Stn.)

??? (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)

hello ! are trains are running on time ? (sent from Palasdhari)

so the buses would be crowded too right?  (sent from Mulund)

how are trains from Thane to nerul? (sent from Mulund Stn.)

where is 3.17 karat fast

mumbai me abhi barish ka hak kya hai?

is trains working ?? 

parel to ghatkopar? (sent from Lower Parel)

How late are the trains  (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

today train status ?

what is the status for central line 

central side any megablock? (sent from Kanjur Marg)

bhandup trains status kya hai?

what is the issue , whtmy slow trains are late (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)

are trains on time?  (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)

what is the status of down central line?  (sent from Badlapur)

dombivli doing fine? (sent from Kopar)

what is train status between dadar thane (sent from Jogeshwari)

kalyan se thane aane wali train h kya?

what is status @ Kalyan station ? (sent from Bhandup)

trains from ulhasnagar to dadar?  (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

???

trains are there from thane to dadar?? (sent from Airoli Stn.)

kurla to Kalyan what's the status? (sent from Mankhurd)

train are running or not?  (sent from Kopar)

why trains are late (sent from Dadar Stn.)

everyone is repeating same question the people who have left plz just update about the status

What is status of kurla station (sent from Ghansoli Stn.)

kasara trains towards cstm? 

holiday?  (sent from Nilje)

ghatkopar to thane .. train is working normally? (sent from Jogeshwari Stn.)

What is status of train at Kaly

train from badlapur to cst running ok??? (sent from Badlapur)

r trains running from kalyan to csmt ?? (sent from Thakurli)

where have Asangaon Thane train reached (sent from Vasind Stn.)

are trains late between thane n Ghatkopar ?

what is status of train from ghatkopar badlapur 

what about dombivali to ghatkopar? (sent from Thakurli)

is thane  to  vidyavihar  (CSt)  trains  are running on time?  or  it is safe  to  go (sent from Koparkhairne Stn.)

trains are running? (sent from Kalyan)

train Are On Time...?

ghatkoper to badlapur??

are trains slow from kalyan to csmt?

what about thane to karjat (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)

thane trans harbour any update??

Can one summarize what is the current update for trains from CST towards Thane? thanks (sent from Grant Road)

any delay in trains till thane? (sent from Dockyard Road Stn.)

dadar to vidya vihar??? (sent from Matunga Road Stn.)

what about dombivli to thane (sent from Bhayander Stn.)

what about the trains from dadar to ghatkopar?? (sent from Andheri Stn.)

cst to thane train are running? (sent from Churchgate Stn.)

guyz cst me baarish he kya? (sent from Kalyan)

forget properly... are train in movement or no..? 

sinhgad cancel?? (sent from Kanjur Marg)

trains in central r running on time or late?

tommows indrayani express and Deccan express are cancelled?? (sent from Dombivli)

when there is problem on fast track those train are divereted on slow track. when there is problem on slow track why slow trains are not divered on fast track?? (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)

cst train on time ? (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)

CST  to Karjat chalu hai kya? sent from thane

where is khapoli to cst

are trains working after Kurla? (sent from Ambernath)

where is train  (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

10.54 fast csmt on time?? from titwala (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

trains to CST ? (sent from Kings Circle)

gm what about train

In which station s central side ladies special train....??? (sent from Mulund Stn.)

kasara train status kya h sahi m?

train status? (sent from Govandi)

why train late (sent from Vikhroli)

kalyan  to dadar train is late? (sent from Khadavli)

what is status at harbour line thane to pqnvel?  (sent from Badlapur)

Is there water logging at Dombivli station? (sent from Thakurli Stn.)

thane se kurla ka status kya h?

ghatkopar to thane what is the status?

दादर/अंबरणाथ ट्रेन चालु आहे का? (sent from Vile Parle)

trian chalu hai kya?  (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)

why trains are late, any reason (sent from Kalyan)

kurla to Dombivli Train Chalu Hain? (sent from Cotton Green Stn.)

badlapur cst update guys? (sent from Thane)

diva sawantwadi, any update?  (sent from Panvel Stn.)

any updates?? (sent from Vasind)

no problem only problem there letting express train to move which is causing delay  (sent from Mumbra Stn.)

where is the kasara train now

11.33 kasara train from titwala...? status (sent from Titwala Stn.)

what is the status now on central line (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

is khopoli CST on time from khopoli?

trains r running or not

kalyan to thane?????  (sent from Kalyan)

is there any mega block tomorrow on central railway ? (sent from Thane)

down trains on time?

trains are too late🤦🏻‍♂️ i catched 9:54 cst fast train from thane which arrived thane station at 10:30 n now it has reached sion

are there trains from dadar towards dombivli or Kalyan?

Dadar se ambarnath train ka kya stetus he??plzz reply me (sent from Andheri)

Is the train right time or not

what's the status of slow trains 

what's issue do you know (sent from Lower Parel)

8:40 train status from khopoli?? (sent from Badlapur Stn.)

please update the status thane to badlapur train is working or not??? (sent from Thane Stn.)

how is the rain situation at Mumbai side. in Badlapur it is raining heavily (sent from Badlapur)

where is 10 54 CST fast from kalyan (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

what happened at shahad? (sent from Shahad Stn.)

what is the status of CST to Kasara plz reply fast

thane to cstm status ? (sent from Ghansoli Stn.)

dombivli se chalu h kya train..?. (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

anybody at dombivali station... wht is the status?  (sent from Dombivli)

train delayed or not? (sent from Mahalakshmi Stn.)

central line trains proper chalu hai kya? (sent from Kalva)

how abt fast trains..??? (sent from Thane Stn.)

trains are running or not?? (sent from Matunga Road Stn.)

what happend at thane (sent from Thane Stn.)

trains from dadar towards karjat are on time?? (sent from Santa Cruz)

ladies special kalyan se cross hui kya ? (sent from Dativali Stn.)

plz tel me abot mulund toh dombivali??? (sent from Mulund)

what is issue..?

from Sion to ghatkopar? (sent from Gtb Nagar Stn.)

abhi kitna late hai thane se?? 

train status from thane to kalyan?

what is status of 10.39 Khopoli from thane?  (sent from Thane Stn.)

why?? on platform no. 1 (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

I wanna go to wadala.i am at mulund.so should I leave?? (sent from Mulund)

mumbra 2 cst train chalu hai kya sir?

Hi, are trains from Thane to Kasara working?

situation at thane for centarl railway????

dombivli to thane trains working ?? (sent from Kopar)

came or not??  (sent from Thakurli)

so..mega block is done or not? (sent from Badlapur)

thane-cst chalu hai kay???

train chalu hai kya? (sent from Chembur)

train position between mulund to kurla? right time or late? (sent from Mulund Stn.)

What Happend on v vihar stion (sent from Sion Stn.)

but what is problem in centreral traij (sent from Matunga Road Stn.)

how are the conditions at thane railway station 

are trains running from thane to kalyan...???

Kalyan to csmt train chalu aahet k? (sent from Kalyan)

yes just got the update from my friend that central line trains r not working due to signal issue.

what is the status of dadar to badlapur  (sent from Chunabhatti)

is there any mega block from mumbra to kurla

CSTM To Ambernath Train chalu aahe ka..?

what about vidiya vihar station  (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)

trains from dadar to cst working? please reply 

slow trains r working or not?? (sent from Ambernath Stn.)

mujhe shahd nikalna hai 12 baje. main niklu ya nahi?train chalu hai shahd tak ?

are trains on time? (sent from Badlapur)

mulund to Dombivali tarin status Kya h?  (sent from Kopar)

ghatkopar update?

are trains from dadar to Thane running properly ? (sent from Mumbai Central Stn.)

what about thane to ghatkopar ??? (sent from Koparkhairne Stn.)

what about Train Status (sent from Titwala Stn.)

Cst To kasara train chalu ahi kya? (sent from Asangaon Stn.)

Are the trains fully crowded??  (sent from Badlapur)

train status for Thane - Dadar? (sent from Thane)

r trains ontime today ? (sent from Vikhroli)

what is today update 

train are running or not

what's the status in Badlapur?? (sent from Badlapur)

Thane to Panvel trn time war ahet ka? (sent from Thane)

Status of trains from Karjat towards CSMT ?? (sent from Neral Stn.)

how late are trains on central ?

malad to dadar ?? (sent from Malad)

have anybody no what is the status of kasara route  (sent from Shahad Stn.)

is there is issue after thane (sent from Kalva)

is there water logging  (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

is there any problem in kalyan? (sent from Vithalwadi)

7.50 karjat train on  time??

Anyone at Ghatkopar? Are the trains running on time??

trains from cst to thane?

parel me slow local ruk rahi ha ? (sent from Sion Stn.)

what is the train status from thane. slow train (sent from Mulund)

any issue with central line train? (sent from Churchgate)

thane trains r proper?

दिवसभर काम करायचे थकलेल्या शरीराने यायचे हे शतमुर्ख किती वेळ थांबवतिल कुणास ठाऊक?  (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

hey.. how are you all (sent from Belapur Cbd)

what is the status at kurla (sent from Thakurli)

What's the status between Dadar Vikhroli??  (sent from Charni Road Stn.)

 are trains on time ? (sent from Bhayander Stn.)

what about mulund to cst? (sent from Mulund Stn.)

are trains running properly?? (sent from Shahad)

what is the status of badlapur to karjat  (sent from Badlapur)

where is the khopoli train? 

Kalyan to thane trains status??anybody pls update

what is the latest status from mumbra to kurla. pls upstate fast. (sent from Mumbra)

bhandup to cst.. train working on time??  (sent from Bhandup)

12071 janshatabdi exp.mein without reservation non air conditioned coach mein travel kar sakte hai kya? (sent from Shahad)

train from badlapur to cst chalu aahe ka?? (sent from Badlapur)

central train running?? (sent from Goregaon)

where is 1:32fast trine cstm (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

what's the train status? (sent from Shahad)

badlapur varun train time varti aahe ka ?

Ghatkopar to Kalyan का status Plz? 

Why are there no trains available from thane to cst?? (sent from Thane)

Thane to kalyan?

what the hell. how they can do this. Can't they understand, how this old people will catch another crowded train from Mulund? (sent from Dombivli)

trains are going on or not 

abhi 6.18 ki local kahatk aai hai?  (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

what happens (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

is Kalyan trains running??? (sent from Reay Road Stn.)

is there a god ? (sent from hell)

trains to shahad working?  (sent from Mulund)

how is waterlogging at Sion? (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

Is there megablock for central lines

is there tarin for karjat from badlapur stn (sent from Badlapur)

ghatkopar to thane.??. plzz reply (sent from Ghatkopar)

can anybody post any updates at Thane station?

staus of badlapur to ghatkopar trains?

Kurla to CST chalu hai kya? (sent from Khar Road)

hi...trains are closed? (sent from Vidyavihar Stn.)

slow trains towards CSMT ?? from Kalyan ?

where r you (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)

train between Kalyan to thane is available ??

what's status of Thane to Ambernath? 

is there any water logging anywhere between kalyan to cst? (sent from Cotton Green)

kalwa to AMBERNATH ? (sent from Kalva)

is there any train problem today

from past 40 minutes it's pouring like anything here. can anyone share the train status from Thane ?

any trains towards cst???  (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)

Kurla to bhandup ? (sent from Govandi)

trains between Ambernath and Thane running? (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)

towards kasara trains are on time?? or not??

what about central .line (sent from Nilje)

what is the reading (sent from Airoli Stn.)

what about fast train to cst (sent from Thane Stn.)

kal train chalu hai kya?  (sent from Byculla Stn.)

is there rain in matunga (sent from Thane Stn.)

ahe ka chalu train? timaver ahe ka train? (sent from Badlapur)

what hpn at bhandup stn? (sent from Bhandup Stn.)

what about Kalyan to anbarnath, badlapur, karjat and khopoli line ? please update the same.  (sent from Mumbra Stn.)

5:31 status?  (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

is 4:34 badlapur fast on time which will halt at bhandup

Thane to Badlapur trains running on time?

kurla to thane train are running or not?

Thane to Ambernath trains are running or not right now ?

now what situation of central train

what is the status of central Line. (sent from Andheri Stn.)

2-3trains have been called off and the trains which are running are 30-60min late (sent from Thane Stn.)

karjat train running? (sent from Dadar Stn.)

from where (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

what happen slow line train are very late. (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)

are trains running from cst to kalyan?

karjat train is on time? (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)

what is status of diva station?  (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)

what is stutas thane kalyan train time 

Are trains on time.....? 

ambernath to thane?

what's status from dadar to kalyan..?? (sent from Kanjur Marg)

Does the local train working beyond ghatkoper towards cst

what status of Central line

what about dadar to kasara plz any one help me 

express trains chalu hai kya? (sent from Airoli)

kanjur to kurla??

curry road to kanjurmarg train status? (sent from Currey Road Stn.)

guys cstm local is on time?? (sent from Vithalwadi)

what happen?? towards thane train not moving .. since 30 minutes stuck outer nahur

are trains on time? (sent from Cst)

what about train from thane to ulhasnagar? (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)

it's is on time?? (sent from Nerul)

Panvel to Cstm local trains are running on time? Please post status. (sent from Kalamboli)

train ???? (sent from Vithalwadi Stn.)

why Pooja (sent from Airoli Stn.)

thane kalyan slow line working ???

can i book ticket online from mumbai central to Dombivali? how? 

Thane - cst working?  (sent from Thane Stn.)

Status about Kalyan to csmt train?? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

trains on time or not?  (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

what about central line

catch a cab that will be easier to reach Tata hospital, or you want to travel by train then get at prabadevi stn. it's 10 min from stn  (sent from Mumbra Stn.)

is the train running on time from titvala to kurla (sent from Titwala)

wht is the status at Vidya vihar?

is andheri to panvel 12:25 train on time? (sent from Borivali Stn.)

thane to cst status plz?  (sent from Airoli Stn.)

are there any train problems for Kalyan to cst locals?? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

titwala to car was supposed to reach kalyan at 10:54. does anyone know about its status? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

pune trains chalu ahet ka ?

what happened to Badlapur trains? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

what is status for ulhasnagar to kurla trains? (sent from Shahad)

is kasara fast running late?  (sent from Thane Stn.)

r trains running on time from shahad to Thane??? (sent from Shahad)

is there water logging issue in Sion ?  (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

tains chalu hai kya badlapur to CST ?

aj mega block kuthe ahe?

train for Ambernath badlapur?  (sent from Kalyan)

Karjat CST trains status? (sent from Andheri Stn.)

Mega block timing?  (sent from Sandhurst Road)

Train are running between Karjat to cst?

khopoli 3.42 from kurla station..is this train late today? (sent from Tilak Nagar)

trains are running from CST to kalyan?

what is the status of trains from vithalwadi to thane (sent from Vithalwadi Stn.)

Dom to thane train status anyone? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

ambernath station la ata kay announce kelay ? (sent from Ambernath Stn.)

karjat? (sent from Neral Stn.)

dadar ke aage train chalu hai Kya??? (sent from Dombivli)

kalyan to cst trains are on time?

what about trains from Kurla towards kalyan (sent from Chunabhatti)

trains chal raha hai kya till thane?  (sent from Lower Parel)

toh WhatsApp chat pr log aise tp karte hai 🤐 (sent from Churchgate Stn.)

to jao na. kisne  roka hai? (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)

ghtkpr to dadr workng or not ?? (sent from Nerul Stn.)

how to late in 9am karjat csmt train (sent from Badlapur)

what's the status from Ghatkopar to thane

so central line trains are running on time n fine na? (sent from Ghatkopar)

plz inform it train reaches to Kalyan.. heard that train are stuck between shahad and Kalyan. (sent from Titwala)

what is the train position  on central line ? pl update.

what is the status of train (sent from Thakurli)

dombivali trains r working ?  (sent from Churchgate Stn.)

karjat train konse stn per poche hai koie bata sakta hai??? (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)

???

7:05 kalyan train is on time? (sent from Airoli Stn.)

what about Kurla to asangaon ? (sent from Vidyavihar Stn.)

parel to kalyan is working?

are trains from dombivli running on time? 

today is my meeting at chembur.what is train status from Dombivli to kurla ?

which train got ?

from kalyan to Cst train status? (sent from Kalyan)

thane to cst train working???

hi, status from dombivli please? (sent from Thakurli)

what about dadar matunga (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

What's the status of titwala thane slow train? (sent from Kalyan)

what is status for kurla to csmt train (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)

are trains working from Dadar to Badlapur? (sent from Parel)

vithalwadi se cst on time?  (sent from Shahad)

what is the status of trains this morning  (sent from Ambernath)

does the local running from Ambarnath to Kalyan ??

what is the status of thane to Parel (sent from Ghansoli)

kya haal h train ka ?

Kalyan to karjat trains are running on time?

what abt Thane train??

thakurli to cst status? (sent from Thakurli Stn.)

check on harbour line chat (sent from Vikhroli)

Thane to CST???

trains late hai kya?

kasara konsa station pass Kar rahi he?pls rply

dadar to ulhasnagar trains are on time or what? (sent from Bandra)

train status central line? (sent from Lower Parel)

yes where is it (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

ulhas to thane,what is status?

kalyan to dader working?

I caught 11:44train from Thane which come at 12 20 at Thane now I'll be reaching T CST st (sent from Masjid Stn.)

trains towards Kalyan. karjat khopoli running? 

koi shahad station pe hai Kya? Trains time pe hai ya 5-10 min late chal rahi hai? (sent from Shahad)

what is the status of train from mumbra to Ghatkopar (sent from Mumbra Stn.)

any updates for titwal train?

how many time (sent from Badlapur)

are trais on time? (sent from Mulund)

 train chalo hai na ? (sent from Vikhroli)

people strated getting down n checking why 8.29 thane train stopped at vikroli (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)

thane to dom??

Kurla to Ambernath status? please

all train going towards kalyan ... then how it happens (sent from Thane Stn.)

are trains in harbor line running on time? (sent from Byculla Stn.)

aaj mega blocks hai Kya???  (sent from Matunga Road Stn.)

where is the CST Thane train which is supposed to reach Parel at 6:03? (sent from Elphinstone Road Stn.)

what's train status in mulund??? (sent from Mulund Stn.)

11.17 karjat , from thane is it in time ?

what is status of centarl line

Kalyan Thane locals chal rae hai kya? Kal subeh tak locals will be on time or not

what is the status of thane (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

what is central line status??? (sent from Vithalwadi)

Dadar-Chinchpokli slow ?

Is the slow train running properly 

I m at Thane right now. nd m in Pushpak express. nd from last one hr train ruk hui hae.. what is d problm .  (sent from Thane Stn.)

asangoan at thanks 6.22pm which location

r train on time from Kalwa???  (sent from Kalva)

what is happening on central railways?? (sent from Kanjur Marg)

Bhai aaplya train chalu aahet ka? (sent from Titwala Stn.)

what is situation at thane

what is train staus for thane to badlapur

What is the position of central rails? are they running or not

Hello what is an issue a ladies special train is stuck between Kanjurmarg & Bhandup (sent from Bhandup)

mulund to dombivli train running???

why

how is the down line working?

are trains running to vidhyavihar? 

are trains on time in badlapur?

anyone knows where is kasara train?  (sent from Thane)

what is condition between ghatkopar and csmt ? (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

whats the status ? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

diva to dadar??

20 mins late what is going on  (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

thane to Panvel? (sent from Bhandup)

is dadar station water logged? i heard its raining heavily there. (sent from Mulund Stn.)

CSTM to Pune is running?  (sent from Borivali)

status of down trains frm cst towrds kyn?  (sent from Airoli Stn.)

where is dombivali train (sent from Elphinstone Road Stn.)

train r working or not

are trains working from kalva to badlapur? (sent from Mumbra)

train are working or not

isse train chalu hogi kya?😎🤔 (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)

is there any issue for trains from thane to cst (sent from Airoli Stn.)

kalyan thane any update? 

Kasara to CST train working???

just saw that jogeswari and other stations pe trains roki ja rahi he..so what about here..? (sent from Kalyan)

where are you are the trains running?

r trains running fem thane to cst on time? (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)

Vidya Vihar se Dombivli trn chal rha h kya? (sent from Vidyavihar Stn.)

Badlapur se trains kitne late hai?  (sent from Badlapur Stn.)

what abt Kalyan to mumbra (sent from Vithalwadi)

cst to thane fast trains chalu h kya? (sent from Sandhurst Road Stn.)

are autos working in vikhroli?  (sent from Dombivli)

how r trains working to go csmt (sent from Bhandup)

Can I have food and come ? waiting for Karjat CST fast train  (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

wt is d status of asangaon kasara trains?r they running?

CR me Kya lafda hai? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

any issues between bhandup and mulund?

thane kalyan chalu hai kya? (sent from Thane)

what is the train status from ghatkopar towards thane (sent from Mulund)

what status of 8.34pm cst (sent from Dadar Stn.)

what's d d status  from kurla to byculla train (sent from Kurla)

what about central line

karjat to Csmt Train aaj late he kya?

cst me duga party chalega aj?? (sent from Nilje)

what is the central train status (sent from Bhandup)

I heard train roko has been started can any one pls help me out at which station (sent from Badlapur Stn.)

this facility is only for girls or boys can also call? (sent from Vithalwadi)

are trains going smoothly from cat to thane?? (sent from Chinchpokli Stn.)

are trains running smoothly between parel and thane? (sent from Elphinstone Road Stn.)

karjat fast where at a time ?

khopoli train on time? (sent from Shelu Stn.)

Thane to Ghatkopar train chalu hai kya?

Thane Karjat 0729 ? which platform no? (sent from Kalva)

CSTM to Thane ka rail chalu hai kya...?  (sent from Chinchpokli Stn.)

what's the reason for central line fast and slow track delays? (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)

what about sion csmt? (sent from Sion Stn.)

what is the status for kurla and Sion from dadar ??

thane se kurla ke train hai???

wht about Express trns r they on time or not

is trains are working?

intercity express from dadar? (sent from Kandivali)

central line working fine??

ambernath?  (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

आज ट्रेन वेळेवर आहेत ला? (sent from Ambernath)

is there fast train to cstm from Kurla now?? (sent from Vidyavihar Stn.)

kalwa to kalyan train available??

locals are runing or not ? (sent from Dombivli)

how much late are trains from Ambarnath to CST  (sent from Ambernath)

bhandup to thane?? (sent from Kanjur Marg)

Kurla se ambernath kya status h?  (sent from Ambernath)

what is staus of train from kasara to cst? (sent from Vasind)

on each platform?    (sent from Vile Parle)

what is the status of Thane to Ambernath train? (sent from Khandeshwar)

where is 8.55 pm Assangoan local from Titwala...any idea?? (sent from Titwala Stn.)

from kalyan towards CST fast trains??? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

technical issue between Sion n Matunga?? (sent from Kurla)

train are running ? (sent from Thane)

how was the central fast linr (sent from Thane Stn.)

Are PUBG khelnar ka??

please confirm mi thane to badlapur train working naa???? (sent from Thane Stn.)

anybody in the khopoli train?

what is status at kalyan station

train from thane to badlapur side ok? (sent from Thane)

where are train thane -asanagoan  (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

any latest updates for the central raliway..???

i just want to complaint about the ladies who catch tarins for dombivali... 

kalyan la train late aahet ka???

those who want to go to cst travel from Harbor line from kurla (sent from Chunabhatti)

which train would go to powai from CST? (sent from Grant Road)

water logging in Dombivli station or not?  (sent from Dombivli)

csmt to thane status??? (sent from Masjid Stn.)

what's the situation in Sion?? (sent from Sion Stn.)

still trains are running late? (sent from Thane Stn.)

khopoli to Thane chalu aahe Ka?

what is live status of karjat train

guys from Thane to Diva are the trains working ?? someone at Thane stn please suggest it's very urgent

badlapur amb koi train cancel toh nhi hue na? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

what is the status of trains going towards cst? any train near thane?  (sent from Thane Stn.)

Yeah what bout Dombivli

is Metro trains are working? (sent from Belapur Cbd Stn.)

I'm train later why but Chinchpokali to Khar road  (sent from Chinchpokli Stn.)

did the 10.10 fast train from kasara  leave for CST? (sent from Kalyan)

itni baarish ke baad bhi only 10 to 15 mins late what the f man (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)

Kalyan k aage trains chal rahe hai kya? towards Kasara side. pls update

Bhiwandi to Vasai trains running? 

Ulhasnagar to Thane? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

status of trains towards Kalyan from Kurla? (sent from Kurla Stn.)

where is 9:54 CST to Kalyan  15 Dabba tarin  (sent from Cst Stn.)

what is status of cntrl line? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

current status of trains? (sent from Badlapur)

vidya vihar to gatkopar train chalu hai kya??

is their water clogging in kurla ? (sent from Mulund Stn.)

status ? (sent from Dombivli)

Where is kalyan fast 

I feel, someday we all should reach to station masters office with mic and camera and as per RTI ask them for the reason ans who would compensate for the delays in terms of money and file a case against Central Railway (sent from Mulund)

What is the problem but.....

where is the piyush goyal  (sent from Nahur Stn.)

kya sacchi?? (sent from Kalva)

?

dadar se mulund jane train r wrking?? (sent from Nalla Sopara)

how are trains working in central from titwala

singhagad express kaha hai?? (sent from Thane Stn.)

8:36 kalyan cst local left the station? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

slow track are working between thane to CST? or thane to kalyan? (sent from Kalva)

are trains available from kasara to thane?

What is the status of kasara (sent from Vasind Stn.)

kurla to thane train working? (sent from Juinagar Stn.)

      what is status of trains towards titwala ?  (sent from Ghansoli)

are trains working frm kurla to mulund? (sent from Mulund)

any update about asangaon local? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

is CR in time ?

are the VT trains on time?  (sent from Koparkhairne)

what are the central line updates (sent from Kurla Stn.)

bhnadup to thane train is running? (sent from Bhandup Stn.)

still now?? (sent from Koparkhairne Stn.)

where is karjat train  (sent from Vangani Stn.)

wat is train status from Dom to cst??? (sent from Thakurli)

kasala thane working or not

What's problem on central railway (sent from Vithalwadi Stn.)

train is on time?

what's the problem? (sent from Kanjur Marg)

where is the 9:29AM. train from badlapur (sent from Badlapur Stn.)

took a fast train from Mulund of 8:53, which came to station at 9:07. went smoothly till Kurla, stuck before Sion since past 20 minutes.

vashi to cst trains are working or not? (sent from Nahur)

are trains running fine or are they taking time to reach stations? (sent from Thane)

mumbra se train chalu hai kya?

what is the trains status from byculla to thane? (sent from Cotton Green)

will trains be working tom morning? (sent from Thane)

what is status of trains from Thane to badlapur (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

thane to domb? (sent from Airoli)

what status from badalapur to cst

what's train Update (sent from Badlapur)

diva tetion to cst train chalu ahet ka ? (sent from Dativali)

stucked dombivali train started moving? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

dadar? (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)

what is this (sent from Mulund)

asangav local??? 

where is khopoli local (sent from Ambernath Stn.)

are trains on time?

? (sent from Borivali)

trains from Vashi to thane are running fine? (sent from Vadala Road Stn.)

kalyn to cst working properly??

thank station pe abi bhi Pani bhara hai Kya? (sent from Kandivali)

r the trains running normal? (sent from Mulund)

are the express trains running?  (sent from Ghansoli Stn.)

central railway kab sudregi .. ? always delay fir wo chahe baarish ho ya ho. inki train hamesha late. aur express ko hi main line pr jaan buj kr  dalenge   (sent from Kalyan)

Are central lines running properly now?  (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)

Dombivali to Badlapur???? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

दादर ते कसारा गाडी चालु आहेत का? (sent from Dadar Stn.)

seriously beyond kurla train has stopped working??? (sent from Dockyard Road Stn.)

badlapur to mumbai train r going? (sent from Badlapur Stn.)

are what exactly problem (sent from Mulund Stn.)

If I have to take a train from goregaon to cst which platform no I have to take

what is the train status at dombivili

what is the problem ? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

where is now BADLAPUR train (sent from Vithalwadi)

Dadar stn pe koi hai kya? (sent from Badlapur Stn.)

8.17 dombivali Kalyan fast return cst what the status (sent from Dombivli)

where is kalyan fast train? (sent from Thane Stn.)

fast trains from byculla ?? (sent from Chinchpokli Stn.)

r trains working fine from Dadar to Thane? (sent from Dahisar Stn.)

Is 10:18 Csmt from badlapur on time ? (sent from Badlapur Stn.)

cst to kalyan stus? (sent from Elphinstone Road)

are trains moving from thane to CST??? (sent from Ambivli Stn.)

trains chalu h kal? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

what is update 

How are local train services ? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

there any problem near matunga central station? (sent from Matunga Road Stn.)

what is local trains current status 

train Status please central lines are running or not? (sent from Bhiwandi Road)

are trains working or not ???  (sent from Badlapur)

trains status from thane ? 

Titwala, kasara train barobar aahet ka.,??

position from dadar to thana ????

Mulund to CST train status pls?

what is the situation of kasara to kalyan railway  (sent from Ambernath)

what is the status of train from ambarnath to cst ??

is there any problem at Ghatkopar station (sent from Thane Stn.)

thane to CST any updates??

gm.please confirm whether mumbai to pune intercity xpress is on time? (sent from Kandivali)

any updates from kalyan to csmt? (sent from Kalyan)

what is the status of central line trains CST to kakyan (sent from Lower Parel)

r central trains are running on tym?

is train r on tym??? (sent from Cst)

hows the condition of central line..? is it too late..

sion me train aa rahi hai kya? (sent from Sion Stn.)

Mulund station pe trains h kya ??? (sent from Thane Stn.)

any update on Central line trains? (sent from Badlapur)

mega block time? (sent from Ghatkopar)

central railway thane to badlapur?

thane badlapur?

what is the status of thane trains ? Its working ? (sent from Malad Stn.)

whats the situation from badlapur stn to cst? (sent from Badlapur Stn.)

are trains towards cst on time?

vidyavihar to cst train chalu h Kya? (sent from Chembur Stn.)

runing late?  (sent from Cst)

what is the status for 8:10 am train from ambernath (sent from Ambernath)

Kalyan 2 CST? (sent from Kopar Stn.)

what  is  status  ghatkopar  to  cst  (sent from Ghatkopar)

is anyone is Badlapur train beyond Thane? where is the train right now? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

kanjur- domb status on trains?

? (sent from Bandra)

Kalyan train are running or not????

why 2.31kalyan to cst fast local not Holt at mulund (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)

why trains late (sent from Bhandup Stn.)

are trains working from thane to anbernath /badlapur/khopoli?

trains status of Central line??

is central railway running on time? 

What is position of local between asngoan and kalyan

thane to badlapur train available hy kya???

is there rains at kalyan (sent from Karjat Stn.)

what the status of titwala to Kalyan

status of kopar? (sent from Kopar Stn.)

trains from ulhas statn?? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

trains are running g from thane to CST....?

Train time table change zalay ka ? (sent from Ambivli Stn.)

kurla to Matunga??? (sent from Kurla Stn.)

what's the status  of Khopoli  train (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

Are central line trains on time??

train available from karjat to cstm...?

are trians running normally from thane to Kalyan now?

how's status guys.. want to travel from Dadar to kanjur..  (sent from Dadar)

what is status of kurla ?

Ghatkopar to kurla.?

are trains running from kurla to thane? (sent from Dockyard Road Stn.)

What is condition on kalyan station? Is Kasara route okay?? (sent from Kalva)

What's the update for today (sent from Mahim Jn)

kalyan  to  cst??  (sent from Vithalwadi)

what is status towards cst either slow or fast  (sent from Mahalakshmi)

Train are running toward kalyan from thane? (sent from Juinagar)

traveling not advised bt field pr kaam krne valo ki kon sunega??  (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

what is the status of central railway....are trains running on time...? (sent from Koparkhairne Stn.)

where is chalisgaon train kamayni express

Mulund to dombivli working? (sent from Mulund)

karjat train left ya no in csmt ? (sent from Dadar Stn.)

what?? (sent from Ghatkopar)

trains kitna late h ??  pls.  pls. reply

are trains running on time from Titwala?

ulhasnagar pe local time pe hai na?  (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)

anyone is on badlapur station??  (sent from Badlapur)

Tran chalu he khy?

where is 7:26 at Ulhasnagar (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

what is status of 9:45 train from karjat (sent from Vangani Stn.)

are trains running from kalwa?  (sent from Mumbra Stn.)

Is there anyone who is actually travelling at the moment and could share the Live status  (sent from Kurla)

 cst side trains status? (sent from Nahur Stn.)

trains are running on time??  (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

thane-kalyan train status plz??

what about thane to cst (sent from Thane)

wats status of train aftr thane? (sent from Kalva Stn.)

are trains on time in dombivli? (sent from Dombivli)

what is the status of Dadar? trains running or not? (sent from Bhandup Stn.)

thane to dadar ?  (sent from Mulund)

pubg khelegi?

So it's taking 45 odd min to reach Thane from Dombivli? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

where reached train (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

what happened  (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

can anyone tell me please why this is happening?? whats the problem (sent from Ambernath Stn.)

Is there a train running from CST to karjat (sent from Mulund Stn.)

where is 11.46 cstm kalyan (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

trains ??

vidyavihar to dombivli? (sent from Kurla)

is there any issue between kurla and sion (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

central trains  are let or what .....plz revert

Dombivali station javal Pani ahai ka? what about rush in train?

what is the status of train from ambernath to kurla

thane to csmt chalu h kya?? (sent from Thane)

trains are running or not

where is last cst local (sent from Thakurli)

what is the latest status of central ry (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)

trains are on time from parel to kalyan? (sent from Sewri)

mumbra to Thane train ??

what about train from kalyan to cst?

Is there any issue beyond Thane towards Kalyan?

how can one person send report of central line from Churchgate (sent from Dadar Stn.)

Are train working properly?  (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

what about dombivli to kasara trains

Are Trains In Central Line Running on Time ???

is दादर ठाणे ट्रेन चालू है?  (sent from Vadala Road Stn.)

thane to dombivali??? plzz rply (sent from Dahisar Stn.)

train Kal chalu hai Kya ?? (sent from Karjat)

seriously, western stopped? (sent from Goregaon Stn.)

hi what central railway conditions now (sent from Thakurli)

What is the Train status of Kanjurmarg to Dombivli ? (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)

what are the thane status (sent from Mulund)

9.00am csmt train from badlapur? is it delayed??

??

What is problem in central line (sent from Thane Stn.)

ladies special ab tak atki hui hai any updates? (sent from Bhandup)

trains matunga Hun pudhe yetat Ka? (sent from Dadar Stn.)

? (sent from Kalva)

what about kaylan to karjat (sent from Churchgate)

Kalyan to thane trains ? (sent from Shahad)

is the train working regularly (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

this is timing as per which station (sent from Bhandup Stn.)

where is 12.48 kasara trn from kalyan (sent from Ambernath)

from Sion to ghatkopar...are the trains running? (sent from Gtb Nagar Stn.)

dadar to thane trains chalu hai kya!?  (sent from Vadala Road)

what is the status of train from nahur (sent from Nahur Stn.)

what is the status of 10:18 from Badlapur  (sent from Badlapur Stn.)

why Central trains are running late for 20 min today? (sent from Mulund Stn.)

cost Thane trains?

where is 2:20 slow train towards CST (sent from Mulund Stn.)

Is trains on time ? (sent from Ambernath)

 what is the status of centra line train (sent from Cst Stn.)

What is Position From Ghatkopar to Kalyan.. Please Update  (sent from Govandi)

Dombivli tak train chalu hai kya?  (sent from Dadar)

Kalyan to Badlapur train chalu hai kya? (sent from Lower Parel)

what about 8:11 from badlapur?  (sent from Badlapur)

badlapur to CST trains working? (sent from Badlapur)

is there any update on tomorrow central line trains ..I have to catch titwala to Dadar 4:30 am train..

What about slow for Mumbra  (sent from Kurla Stn.)

Kurla the o vittalwadi on time train ???

central line chal raha h kya...???  (sent from Ghatkopar)

why dont central railway keep dedicated persons on this group to update the status? 

thane te Kalyan train chalu ahet ka?

are trains running proper? (sent from Thakurli Stn.)

what about Thane Kasara train  (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

dadar to thane how much late?? reply asap (sent from Matunga Road Stn.)

what is the status of train to kalyan  (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)

can somebody tell if down trains, towards kalyan, are running??? (sent from Thane)

tarin chalu aahe ka..?  (sent from Ghatkopar)

why delay in train (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

train status of central line?? (sent from Kings Circle Stn.)

thane to vashi trains ? (sent from Ambernath)

trains are running from titwala to cst? (sent from Titwala Stn.)

hello..i got update that about thane station taht there is water logging on platform 3 and 4..is it true can someone confirm from thane station? i have to go to kalva (sent from Kalyan)

which site to use for removing monthly pass (sent from Dadar Stn.)

Vidyavihar to csmt is not working? (sent from Vikhroli)

where is kasara local  (sent from Titwala Stn.)

What is status of train? (sent from Vikhroli)

kalyan to soin status? (sent from Kalyan)

what is the current status local will raech cst or not  (sent from Thane Stn.)

slow train update towards Dadar ? (sent from Vidyavihar Stn.)

mumbai bandh today? (sent from Thane Stn.)

why trains from asangaon to dombivli are running late?  (sent from Kalyan)

trains chalu ahet ky?

Thane to khoparkarine train chalu hai ?? (sent from Chunabhatti)

what is the train situation at central line

any water logging on central railway station?

ghatkopar to cst chalu h kya? (sent from Ghatkopar)

where is train going towards thane (sent from Sion Stn.)

is train wrkg properly? (sent from Dombivli)

are trains running on time? (sent from Ghatkopar)

what about ghatkopar ? (sent from Dombivli)

r u sure? (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)

kanjur Marg to Kurla  To Vashi  local  stuts????? (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)

kyn Thane trn are working....?? (sent from Kalyan)

thane to asangaon train? (sent from Turbhe)

is there any train problem from thane to kalyan (sent from Mulund)

what exactly happened in between kurla and Sion?  (sent from Kurla Stn.)

Thane to CST ?

is there megablock today from kalyan to ambernath

ghatkopar to panvel train is running or not? (sent from Ghatkopar)

hi are the trains from CST to Kalyan working ?

what is status of kasra - Titwala train.. (sent from Koparkhairne Stn.)

what's d train status? (sent from Kopar Stn.)

is trains running from Ghatkopar to Kurla? (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

what is status of trains from badlapur (sent from Badlapur)

where is khopoli train ?  (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

Where is 10.10 Thane slow?  (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

?? (sent from Dombivli)

Kalyan to cstm train chalu hai kya?

pls confirm the status from dadar to khopoli??? (sent from Kandivali)

what is the status from mulund to kalyan (sent from Mulund)

badlapur to cst on time? (sent from Badlapur)

Woh apna karjat fast ho toh usmai gardi Hona jaroori hai kya? (sent from Dombivli)

are trains working from badlapur?

dombivali 9.16?? (sent from Thakurli)

what happened to karjat 3:54? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

is there any trains issue (sent from Vikhroli)

what about karjat (sent from Mumbra Stn.)

are fast trains working? (sent from Koparkhairne)

anybody find khopoli trains status? (sent from Karjat Stn.)

what is the status of Vikhroli to dadar (sent from Vikhroli)

is it trains are right time? (sent from Borivali)

trains ka beech bahuth gap hotha he kya?

बदलापुर ते सी एस टी लोकल वेळेवर आहेत का ? (sent from Badlapur Stn.)

Train btwn Dadar to CST ??

are trains running on time ? from Thane to cstm  (sent from Kalva)

ambernath train working on time or not?  (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

what about trains from ambernath? has the service been restored?

What is the status of today's running train. (sent from Vithalwadi)

thane to CST train status ?

what is status from kalwa to bhandup (sent from Kalva)

WHERE IS KALYAN THANE LOCAL ? (sent from Badlapur)

is khopoli to cstm trains in time?

kya Karjat to Thane time pr hai? (sent from Sanpada Stn.)

what is the status at thane station

What is the status of ambarnath train (sent from Vikhroli)

tains are wrking frm kurla to Ulanshnagar ? (sent from Tilak Nagar Stn.)

trains are on time?

Is it raining too heavily in Kurla? (sent from Thakurli Stn.)

I am traveling without pass any TC at Dombivali? (sent from Nerul)

cst_badlapur down trains are running or not??? (sent from Virar)

what about 6:10 am khopoli to cst train  (sent from Palasdhari)

what abt thane to mumbra (sent from Rabale Stn.)

thane to karjat?  (sent from Rabale)

borivali to dadar  train status? (sent from Dahisar)

what is the current status of train (sent from Mumbra Stn.)

what is d status  of dombivli to thane trains? (sent from Dombivli)

what about thane (sent from Nahur Stn.)

train chalu hai??

are Ghatkopar ka train cancel hua kya Kalyan k liye??? (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

what isthe condition of train service today

where will b the mega block for this weekend (sent from Kopar)

?????  (sent from Mumbra Stn.)

is there any delay (sent from Thakurli)

is there slow train running towards dadar (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)

any status from Vasind to CSMT....? 

is there train are running between thane to bhandup

is there any train from dombivli?  (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

what is the status for mumbra to byculla train???? 

Asangaon train from thane? (sent from Turbhe Stn.)

train status from Ghatkopar to thane ?! (sent from Andheri)

are trains running between thane and kalyan???

guys what about thane to kurla

is trains are on time ?  (sent from Kalyan)

local running??? (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)

kurla to Dadar???? Sion se Aage chalu he naa.. (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

what all stations are water logging (sent from Marine Lines Stn.)

what is the time of Hutatma express

trains are running from cst to Thane ?

Train timle or not

what about dadar to pune mail express

trains om time?? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

Is this true? (sent from Mulund)

ghatkopar to dadar status anyone...??? (sent from Vashi Stn.)

what about amnernath to thane.....from (ambernath)

what is the status of 1.01 thane slow from karjat??? (sent from Ambernath Stn.)

7.43am khopoli local from dadar are takeing holt at neral ?

why show train are diverted from vikhroli  (sent from Thane)

what is the train status from dombivli to cbst (sent from Kopar Stn.)

why kya hua (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

vidyavihar to thane? trains r working?

train status from Thane to kalyan?

what is the train status from shahad to cstm (sent from Shahad)

Are trains running between Thane and CST? (sent from Thane Stn.)

khopoli train ?? (sent from Kurla Stn.)

what is status for ghatkopar to ambernath trains

thane to panvel train available?? (sent from Bhandup)

r train working from ambernath to thane ??? (sent from Thane)

what is the status of central slow train  (sent from Churchgate Stn.)

asangaon to cst train are on time or late? please reply (sent from Asangaon Stn.)

thane to asangaon sathi trains ahet ka? 

cst to kalyan is working?

why are trains stuck between bhandup and nahur ?

बदलापूर ते ठाणे ट्रेन सद्यस्थिती काय आहे ? (sent from Rabale)

is there train form thane to badlapur (sent from Badlapur)

Please sand khopoli train where (sent from Vithalwadi Stn.)

7.54 badlapur where? (sent from Thane Stn.)

what about kasara to cst

is there any train now for vikhroli or nearby stations from Thane (sent from Vikhroli)

really ?? whennn

cancel hui hai kya?? (sent from Thane)

is there any block from kalyan to khopolii?

what about trains between dadar and ghatkopar (sent from Andheri)

central line trains are running or Not

titwala line is smooth?  (sent from Vidyavihar Stn.)

deccan express kaha hai does anyone know? 

7:00 ki vasai sa diva Jana vali train nikal chuki ha Kia???? (sent from Bhiwandi Road Stn.)

any updates? (sent from Goregaon Stn.)

are trains on time?? (sent from Dombivli)

 train from cst are leaving on time??? (sent from Cst Stn.)

is dadar to ghatkopar running?? (sent from Vasai Road Stn.)

any suggestions abt 2 Morrow's climate?

where is kasara local right now (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

what's the status from badlapur station ??? (sent from Badlapur)

badlapur se cst train chalu hai Kya ?? (sent from Ambernath)

what happened on bhandup station (sent from Bhandup Stn.)

any disturbance between vikhroli to sion? (sent from Kanjur Marg)

Can someone update me about sion? (sent from Bandra Stn.)

nahur to vidyavihar??

सावंतवाडी -दिवा ..दिवा स्टेशन ला आली का..? (sent from Dombivli)

raining in Thane?  (sent from Charni Road Stn.)

are the trains running from kalyan towards cst ?

dombivli 6.30 CST fast 15 car . status? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

what's train's status  (sent from Neral Stn.)

down side trains are late or what?? (sent from Ambivli Stn.)

ghatkopar to thane?  (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

train from mulund to cst ? (sent from Mulund Stn.)

where 11.30 csmt fast (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

trains are running or not? (sent from Airoli Stn.)

when it can resume train for karjat?? from thane station (sent from Airoli)

kalyan to dadr is working? (sent from Vithalwadi Stn.)

Thane to Kurla train time pe hai kya...??? (sent from Byculla)

central railway current status CST to Kalyan? 

tapovan express time var ahe ka??? (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)

what is current status from thane to cst fast trains?? 

where is khopoli to csmt fast local it is being announced that its 5 to 10 mins late at ambernath

karjat - csmt train update any? (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)

what's the status between Dadar to Thane ? (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)

any update on the train from Kalyan to CSMT? (sent from Kalyan)

 how the train late (sent from Dadar Stn.)

what is the update 8:45 train Badlapur to cst (sent from Badlapur)

what about trains towards cst are they moving ahead from kurla

Dombivli la rush ahai ka? (sent from Kopar)

how is the situation from thane to cst (sent from Thane)

trn updates?

bhandup to dadar ? gharse bahar niklu ya nahi (sent from Bhandup Stn.)

Dadar Thane?  (sent from Bandra)

Anybody can come to your home ? as my one deliveryman is also stuck at cst. can you provide shelter to him also (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)

is 8 53 late from badlapur ? (sent from Badlapur Stn.)

dadar to kalyan trains are working properly? 

what is status of Thane Panvel route (sent from Mulund)

what is status of khopoli train (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

Did Thane Ambernath 8 30 local Arrived?

is central line working? (sent from Thane Stn.)

why asking same question again and again ...!              train Chalu ahet ka?????????  (sent from Thane)

kalwa te kurla pauus padtoy kaay ? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

what about ghatkopar to kalyan (sent from Andheri)

how to reply here (sent from Thane Stn.)

what about csmt trains from thane (sent from Bhandup)

i am waiting for 8:26 thane train since when. can someone tell me where is it?

cst which have (sent from Titwala Stn.)

what is the status of down trains? (sent from Andheri Stn.)

is there  megablock central  line (sent from Sandhurst Road)

what is today train status

Thane sae trains chalu hai kya towards ambernath??? (sent from Thane)

What is the status of Kasara fast train which arrives 9:32 at Thane (sent from Turbhe)

where is badlapur fast (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

what is status of Mulund (sent from Nerul)

trains chalu ahet ka dombivli to cst ? mazi xam ahe (sent from Dombivli)

kurla to cst Kahi problem ahe ka?

did short circuit occured in virar?

trains are delayed tomorrow? (sent from Kalyan)

This should be called a "What is status of trains" confusion box instead of Central Railway rail chat (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

trains chalu hai kya barabar??

anyone there at Badlapur? trains are running or not

kalyan to karjat train chalu he kya? (sent from Vithalwadi)

really? Trains not proceeding kurla? (sent from Ambernath Stn.)

trains working or not after ghatkopar ??

from Belapur to Andheri how arrived

any update from shahad station? (sent from Shahad)

any updates??  (sent from Neral Stn.)

10:48 ki local on time hai kya???

what problem CR line 

what about sion station (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)

Are trains running fine from VidyaVihar to Dadar? And what about crowd? (sent from Vidyavihar)

is there any train issue between nahur and mulund (sent from Nahur Stn.)

mumbra sai cst tak ja rahe hai hai train????  (sent from Mumbra Stn.)

what is the train status of central line??? (sent from Chunabhatti)

central train status?  (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

what is the train status (sent from Kurla)

current status?

where is 9.10 asangaon train???

ghatkopar to dadar??  (sent from Ghatkopar)

train updates from Nahur? (sent from Airoli)

what's the position right now...trains running properly ??

Are trains running on time? (sent from Kalyan)

status of kurla local? (sent from Dadar Stn.)

trains are in time or not

is central down line is working?? 

  R train working properlt from thane to Cst??

can anyone please give any status in badlapur trains  ???? (sent from Rabale)

what is the current status  (sent from Chunabhatti)

,??

are trains running between kalyan and ulhasnagar? (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)

what's the issue 

thane to cst train chalu he kya?

where is thane fast train (sent from Khar Road Stn.)

anyone know status of 2.38 Kasara from kalyan?  (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

train are running on time just 15 min delay now don't ask stupid question train chalu hai kya ?  (sent from Thakurli Stn.)

what is the status of train are they running properly  (sent from Kanjur Marg)

what's the status of badlapur to cst train (sent from Badlapur)

central railways are running ?? (sent from Elphinstone Road Stn.)

Thane Train which was stopped at Bhadup now moving slowly. (sent from Bhandup Stn.)

what is the status of Bhandup to Parel

able to reach dadar on time ?? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

what about for (sent from Shahad)

Kalyan SF nighali ka cst varun?  (sent from Byculla Stn.)

what is the status at mulund ? (sent from Mulund)

savio, delayed by how much time...?  (sent from Koparkhairne)

what's the status of kanjur to Kurla?

Any issue of water logging between sion and Dadar? (sent from Khardi)

train from bhandup to ghatkopar working? (sent from Vikhroli)

is central line working ?  (sent from Charni Road Stn.)

kalva to csmt train chalu hen Kya ? (sent from Kalva)

where are you? (sent from Cotton Green)

train kahan ho tum??? kahan ho tum??? (sent from Thane Stn.)

sion me paani bhara qa? (sent from Chunabhatti)

hi, what is the status of trains going towards CSMT....

 diva se train kalyan ja rahi hai? (sent from Diva Jn)

no train at cST what is the problem? (sent from Cst Stn.)

what's the position of CR train services? (sent from Andheri)

what is the status of kalyan to cst (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

pls update, thane towards train are running or not?? (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

ulhasnagar to cst trains are running late?? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

how is it from Dadar to kurla (sent from Goregaon Stn.)

any update for train timing? (sent from Thane)

any update for dombivli to thane? (sent from Dombivli)

trains from Kalwa?

thane kalyan chalu ahe ka? 

kasara to dadar..??

where is the train now? (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)

train update?

what abt cst to badlapur trains?any idea? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

kiti vel paasun?  (sent from Chunabhatti)

Borivali to Andheri trains are working?? (sent from Virar Stn.)

any update of fast train towards cstm?  (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

Is there any information regarding Diva-Roha passenger at Diva station? (sent from Titwala)

shahad pr train late h kya? (sent from Shahad)

kural to Ambernath Train chalu hai ky? (sent from Kurla Stn.)

ghatkopar to mulund status???

neral position? (sent from Badlapur)

what about Dadar station?

 where is dadar 8:22 train (sent from Dadar Stn.)

from Kalyan r d trains working?  (sent from Kalyan)

thane to narul ?? (sent from Thane Stn.)

How is the situation at Kurla?

anybody? diva vasai trains running? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

any train problem in central line?? (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)

dombivali to dadar? (sent from Dombivli)

what about Ghatkopar to cstm train? (sent from Vidyavihar)

Train to Thane is ok? (sent from Churchgate)

trains from thane to cst?

Are trains running between Thane to Karjat?

Are Trains In Central Line Running on Time ???

12.22 badlapur cst ka kya status h ?? (sent from Ambernath Stn.)

what is the current status of central line ?

why train is running late (sent from Thakurli Stn.)

is there heavy rains in Mumbai now? (sent from Thakurli)

Karjat se Kalyan train ka kya status hai??? 

what is the status of dombivali train (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

are trains running upto Sion ? (sent from Mulund Stn.)

what is the status of trains (sent from Kalva)

dombiavli se thane chlu hai.kya? (sent from Dombivli)

status from thane to Ghatkopar? (sent from Thane)

are train working??

kalyan to kasara line is working ?

what u want?? (sent from Kurla Stn.)

what about Kasara? cancel hai kya😠 (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

is there delay from thane to kalyan..? (sent from Airoli Stn.)

ambarnath se thana chalu hey kya ?

is there mega block?? (sent from Koparkhairne Stn.)

Is Central Railway running in time? (sent from Thakurli Stn.)

are train running properly from dadar to thane? (sent from Dahisar)

Are you official a railway people? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

why are trains late from badlapur

is it safe to travel from mulund ? 

what happend between thane and mulund (sent from Mulund)

thane to khopoli trains are working or not?

are train running from ghatkopar to kurla? 

what is status of kurla to ghatkoper (sent from Vashi Stn.)

fast trns wrking frm bdl to cst? (sent from Dombivli)

kurla to titwala what status

r trains running on time?? (sent from Jogeshwari)

khopoli? (sent from Thane Stn.)

is there any problem in central line (sent from Nahur)

Mulund to Cstm train??? (sent from Mulund)

Central train status? (sent from Nahur)

Vidyavihar to Thane Ka Position ? (sent from Vidyavihar Stn.)

Thane to Ambarnath working? plz Reply.. (sent from Shahad)

thanw local chalu he kya???? (sent from Thane Stn.)

Panvel Vasai trains chalu aahet ka?   (sent from Badlapur)

central line train to kasara are on time?  (sent from Airoli)

what is the issue with the train. domvivali train was for 8.34 and it came late know it's stuck between vikroli and nahur (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)

is it raining in Badlapur?

how much delay train kalyan to kasara (sent from Vasind Stn.)

trains status for karjat to mumbai?

are on time? (sent from Dombivli)

are trains on time ? (sent from Nahur)

what is currently local train status (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)

vashi to cst ke liye trains hai Kya? (sent from Airoli Stn.)

News about trains?  (sent from Kanjur Marg)

Vo bahar agr barish ho rhi ho... toh office jana zaruri hai kya ? 😂 (sent from Ghatkopar)

is there is mega blocks beteen Kalyan to Thane (sent from Shahad)

what is train status harbur & central line (sent from Koparkhairne Stn.)

CST to than line working or not?? (sent from Vile Parle)

plz somebody reply. parel to ghatkopar????? (sent from Parel)

what is the status of central line??? (sent from Badlapur)

which karjat .it was annouced as cancelled (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)

AsanGaon trains are working?  (sent from Gtb Nagar)

what abt Vikhroli? (sent from Vikhroli)

is there any problem in central line (sent from Nilje)

what about Mulund

like what? I'm traveling from Pune right now. I'll be getting down at thane and have to travel to Ghatkopar. will there be any issue? 

Thane to ambernath train chalu hai kya?? (sent from Mulund Stn.)

central line trains chal rahe hai kya ?? (sent from Mahalakshmi)

English aati nai? huh?

what about Khopoli trains from csmt (sent from Jogeshwari)

how is the situation now 

what about thane to CST ?

thane to var???? (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)

where is dadar slow train (sent from Thane Stn.)

Kalyan to Dadar what's the status?

Dadar to kalyan trains are on time or late??  (sent from Vithalwadi)

other trains will be walking then? (sent from Kopar)

dombivali to cst status? (sent from Khar Road Stn.)

thane to kalyan chalu hai kya...?

there is news that central railways r cancelled for tommrw is it true? (sent from Vithalwadi)

badla our local where in  (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

what status about karjat train (sent from Neral Stn.)

dombivli  to cst ? status

Kurla to Thane train r running? (sent from Mulund)

water lgng?

बदलापूरहून ट्रेन चालू आहेत का???

is there  waterlogging  near Sion ...kurla (sent from Marine Lines Stn.)

what's the status of train from Vile Parle to CSMT trains (sent from Vile Parle Stn.)

डोंबिवली मधून ट्रेन ची काय स्थिती आहे ?

ruki hai but chal Rai kya aage? (sent from Shahad)

THANE to CST? (sent from Mulund)

cst bound trains from Kalyan on time?? 

trains towards Sion from Dadar? (sent from Dahisar Stn.)

 is there any problem at thane (sent from Mulund Stn.)

& Forward this to your friends staying in Thane/Dombivli (sent from Lower Parel)

can I go to university ? I am still at Mumbra , want to go Kurla , should i go, btw any one has idea University is working today or not . (sent from Mumbra Stn.)

r train running properly from Kalyan to vikroli? (sent from Shahad)

what about Bhandup to Ghatkopar any news? (sent from Bhandup Stn.)

kidhar ke liye? (sent from Karjat Stn.)

central train kurla se diva chalu hai kya dosto??? (sent from Kurla)

karjat 7:19 on time?????

is there any problem at shahad

r trains running on time?

cst fast train update??  (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

is thr any train available to panvel or Vashi? (sent from Bhandup Stn.)

will I be able to reach Thane from dadar? (sent from Lower Parel)

train on time ? (sent from Diva Jn)

?? (sent from Govandi)

Thane to titwala train chalu ahe ka?  (sent from Sanpada Stn.)

train is on time or what? (sent from Diva Jn)

sion station  status? (sent from Kopar)

What is current status of locals in central line? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

Is Kalyan to Dombivli trains on schedule or delayed or cancelled ?

cst to ghatkopar chalu hai kya? (sent from Marine Lines Stn.)

I am at vithalwadi station since 7.21 and waiting for 7.26 Karjat (sent from Vithalwadi Stn.)

CST to kalyan train chalu hai kya ?? plz koi reply to de (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)

what about status of train from kurla to mulund (sent from Tilak Nagar)

train band hai kya??

what is the status on csmt to Titwala  (sent from Cst Stn.)

what  is the position of siddheshwar express (sent from Seawood Darave)

Sion status? (sent from Sion)

train from thane to cst?

are trains from Vikhroli to cst on time ? (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)

11:42 Kalyan fast cst se chalega aaj? 

what about Kurla harbour  (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)

train chalu ahet ki nahi mulund to thane ?????? plz rply  (sent from Mulund Stn.)

what is train status from sion to thane?

status of trains from CSTM to THANE?

what is the staus for badlapur train from dadar (sent from Dadar Stn.)

are fast trains on time?

dombivli to badlapur status? (sent from Thakurli)

what happened at thane ?

Kalyan to karjat?

Why train is delay  (sent from Thane Stn.)

dom to dadar trains are available?? (sent from Dombivli)

what ia status of karjat to khopoli (sent from Titwala)

any train to reach ghatkopar towards kurla?? (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

anybody can tell me what about titwala-CST (sent from Titwala)

Guys , any delays on train timings from DOMBIVLI to CST? (sent from Dombivli)

are train on time? (sent from Shahad)

thane to Dombivali train status ?

Is Train Running On Time? (sent from Kalyan)

What happened at thane station ? (sent from Kopar)

hi guys ..what was the status of Ambernath to kalyan..reply fast.. (sent from Ambernath)

what is status of trains towards kalyan slow from thane

what is a status of train from Dadar to thane (sent from Sewri)

 kalwa station water loging that why mumbra kalwa root is block (sent from Mumbra Stn.)

is train Mulund to Kalyan running ? (sent from Nahur)

thane to nerul running? (sent from Nahur)

what is status from Ghatkopar to cst (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

train stuck up between matunga and sion for last 20-25 minutes. what happened ? (sent from Kings Circle Stn.)

central trains are on time ? (sent from Sandhurst Road Stn.)

kalwa and sion walo. pani bhara hai kya? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

it's raining what  (sent from Badlapur)

where is the badlapur 12.30 from thane (sent from Thane Stn.)

train status forthane to Ghatkopar ???? (sent from Vithalwadi Stn.)

what is the status of trains in sion Station  (sent from Gtb Nagar)

what's the status of ghodbunder road?? anyone

what issue?? (sent from Vasind Stn.)

kalyan se kurla train chal rahi hai kya ?  (sent from Dativali)

what the status of badlapur local (sent from Palghar Stn.)

train from thane to dadar running smoothly? (sent from Ghansoli)

central are ohk????

what's the issue wit slow trains it's been 1.5 hour train started from CSMT and have just no even reached Mulund  (sent from Mulund Stn.)

are trains working from bandra to bhayander? (sent from Bandra)

are the trains running towrds kalyan ?

wt is d status now? (sent from Kalva)

are they running late?  (sent from Thane)

trains running to Kalyan?

cst to dombivali chalu hai kya?  (sent from Karjat)

any one their......? (sent from Vasind)

are the trains running smoothly?

what about kalyan to thane  &  From thane to vashi train are running on time 

Kaisi ha....?😁 (sent from Vasind)

kaha se mila news?  (sent from Badlapur)

what about CST to Parel

today's megablock timing ? 

is this train running ?  (sent from Airoli Stn.)

are central trains working between Kalyan and VT?

regular trains h kya Thane to Mulund???? (sent from Rabale Stn.)

what is to the status of center line from thane station

train from Thane to Cst is running or not?  (sent from Ghansoli Stn.)

kayan to cst trains ???

mumbra se train chalu hai kay?

is it good to travel to th and from byculla? (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)

trains running in proper time or not ???

ghatkopar to vikhroli status?

r trains moving properly from karjat n badlapur??

ghatkopar to badlapur train status ???? (sent from Ghatkopar)

are fast trains running on time towards csmt or qny delays??

what is the train status from dombivali to cst? (sent from Dombivli)

are train working from matunga to dombivli!? (sent from Kings Circle Stn.)

where is Karjat local (sent from Dadar Stn.)

for local trains update what app.on 7718050505 (sent from Thakurli Stn.)

train on time or not?

hello what is the situation in shahad

what's the status (sent from Mahim Jn Stn.)

is there any train for karjat?  (sent from Badlapur)

cst to Kalyan train status bata sakta h kya koi? (sent from Dadar)

zee 24 taas is chu channel ...I am in amb train which just left ghatkoper  (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)

what is the status of 12:17 local towards CST from at Dombivli? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

are downside trains working? (sent from Bhandup Stn.)

Thane to Kalyan fast chalu hai kya? 

kurla to ghatkoper running or not ?

are train running from thane to ambernath???? (sent from Thane)

status of mulund to Kalyan??

train chalu hai kya? (sent from Thakurli Stn.)

8:16 from ghatkopar?? (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

virar se cst local chal rhi hai ?? please help. 

what is the status of train  (sent from Ghatkopar)

what about 9:05 dombivli local...is this available?

what abt Badlapur  to karjat?? (sent from Badlapur)

trains available from kurla?  (sent from Chunabhatti)

is there trn available from neral to kalyan (sent from Vangani Stn.)

kurla status??? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

what's status of central line plz reply (sent from Mahalakshmi)

DADAR to Virar local trains running?  (sent from Bhandup Stn.)

what about Mulund to Ghatkopar (sent from Mulund)

R trains running from CST to kalyan? (sent from Churchgate)

status of Karjat to Thane?  (sent from Bhivpuriroad)

what is the status of train from titwala  (sent from Titwala)

vashi to vadala working? (sent from Saphale)

train status of karjat to Thane??  (sent from Bhivpuriroad)

any news about long route trains from cst or kurla? is they r going on time ? (sent from Kalyan)

dadar kya chal hai ?

Train chal rahi h kya??

what abt central line

ulhasnagar to kalyan k local chalu hai kya?? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

kalyan to cst? (sent from Kalyan)

bhai Ghansoli jaana h trains h kya? (sent from Andheri Stn.)

what is the status from ghatkopar to Kalyan..tell any one plz

sion matunga status? (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)

bhai koi bata do .. kurla to cst fast normal speed s chal ri hai ya slow ?

What is the status in Kurla

train status central line? (sent from Andheri Stn.)

what is status of 7:18 Asangaon from thane (sent from Thane Stn.)

kurla se thane ki train chalu hai kya??? (sent from Nerul Stn.)

fast trains are running from byculla or not?  kindly tell (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)

what about Badlapur train to cst it's eorking (sent from Badlapur)

kurla to dombivli trains chalu aahet ka??? (sent from Bandra)

is there any train to asangaon from thane (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

kurla to vikhroli train chalu hey kay? (sent from Tilak Nagar)

what happen in badlapur? (sent from Vile Parle Stn.)

status on ghatkopar to cst?  (sent from Ghatkopar)

what is the status of trains to wards kalyan.. i will reach thane in 15 min

is train on time..? (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)

central train working???

can anyone help me that harbour line trains are running or not?? (sent from Ghatkopar)

is there raining is thane (sent from Badlapur)

what is problems near kalwa station

Thane to CST status? (sent from Airoli)

trains from badlapur?? (sent from Badlapur Stn.)

any idea by what time train will arrive at dadar station for thane? (sent from Dadar Stn.)

what is the status from Dadar to kalyan? 

ghatkopar ae kalyan trains chalu hai? 

situation at Kalyan? (sent from Shahad)

towards cst slow trains running? (sent from Dombivli)

what's the status in titwala (sent from Titwala Stn.)

is der train on tym at Bhandup?

trains are available at dombivli ??? (sent from Dombivli)

trains r running ?? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

Hi I'm at Ambernath station can anyone tell me where is 8:41 khopoli trn (sent from Ambernath Stn.)

hi are trains working from kalyan to Thane??

any update on 7:03 fast train to csmt from Thane? (sent from Airoli Stn.)

Thane to dadar chalu ahe ka? (sent from Kalva)

where is khopoli fast right now? (sent from Dadar Stn.)

status towards badlapur from kalyam???  (sent from Dativali)

is everything on time???👍…

are trains working from thane to ghatkopar? (sent from Ghansoli Stn.)

fast train working? (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)

kurla to kanjumarg ka Kya status hai ? (sent from Govandi)

why always kasara and asangaon trains late.  (sent from Titwala Stn.)

how crowded is thane to kalyan train.at platform 2 thane (sent from Vashi)

Railways must stop the show of the concept of mega-block for maintenance and updation of rail network in Mumbai... What is the use?? Stop the fake show!! No maintenance!!! 

trains running from Sandhurst to dadar ? (sent from Bandra)

where  (sent from Badlapur Stn.)

Are trains on time from badlapur??  (sent from Badlapur)

are trains running fine towards CST? (sent from Mulund)

panvel to Cst train is on time or not 

are auto working in dombivali ?? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

asangaon fast, Bhandup 9:40pm halt! where is it exactly? (sent from Bhandup)

where is 9:55 dombivli plz update

from where you board the train? 

Hi what's the issue (sent from Nahur Stn.)

is there any trains issue ?

trains band hai kya ??

Trains are running between mumbra to cst or not??? 

what about Kurla ? Is there water logging? are trains on time in central side?  (sent from Mulund)

ulhasanagar to kurla train status?? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

what abt harbour kurla to CSt (sent from Mulund)

Badlapur saathi train aahet ka ? (sent from Thakurli)

Mumbai to pune train chalu he kya? (sent from Grant Road)

What about central line train

what about trains from CST to thane? (sent from Vikhroli)

is there trains working (sent from Kalyan)

is metro working???

how about train from Kalyan to cst (sent from Shahad)

any one ? (sent from Tilak Nagar Stn.)

kal mumbra se mega block rahega Kya ?

Railway ticketing aur monthly pass ke liye Naya app konasa hai? (sent from Mulund)

ghatkopar to vt trains is running or not???

what about kopar to bhiwandi 10.19 train? (sent from Dombivli)

Dadar se vidyavihar Ka sakte hai? (sent from Dadar Stn.)

are trains on time or is water clogged in tracks? (sent from Mulund)

vidyavihar se aage trns nahi ja rahi hai Kya? 

kurla to dadar central chalu hai Kya? (sent from Manasarovar Stn.)

what (sent from Badlapur Stn.)

one of my colleague who stays near kurla stn has shared the same  (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

asking or telling? (sent from Kalva)

what is current situation

are trains running on time? (sent from Shahad)

Tommorow I want to reach ushlasnagar....what should I do? whether I should go or not? (sent from Kalyan)

what is status of badlapur to cst fast

12071 janshatabdi aajchi nighnar ka?

are trains running from Ghatkopar to Kalyan? 

what status of Badlapur -cst train s

R down fast trains on time...? 

You msging this at 10:42 so 35 mins already over... what is the current status now  (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

what about Asangaon ? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

train status down towards kalyan from thane? (sent from Vithalwadi)

what is the status for central railway now??  (sent from Chembur)

are u sure bro trains aint goib further ?? (sent from Vadala Road)

diva Vasai? ?

it's raining what in mumbai (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

dombivli to thane any updte?? (sent from Dombivli)

?? (sent from Thane Stn.)

anyone know where is 3.23 Badlapur CST fast train reached (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

 trains working? (sent from Vikhroli)

what is the train status (sent from Cst Stn.)

what about kurla to cst... centerline  (sent from Kurla)

what train problem at ghatkopar ? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

train status  for central line?? (sent from Masjid Stn.)

ट्रेन हालुन राहील्या का हो भाऊ?? (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

thane to CST trains are running kya? 

dombivali to badlapur working? (sent from Kharghar Stn.)

cst slow trn status from thane?

What it the status of Matsyagandha express pls let us know? (sent from Thakurli Stn.)

Today's 2.30 pm Singhgad express is there or not?

trains Running Late ??? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

trains delayed?

what kind accident? (sent from Kalva Stn.)

Thane to Dadar?? (sent from Thane)

klyn to amb train running or not?  (sent from Shahad)

Panvel Se CST Train Chalu hai Kya ....? (sent from Panvel)

what abt ambernath to thane status (sent from Ambernath)

diva se slow train ??

katrap Vidhyalaya cha ka tu? (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

fast train on time??? (sent from Mulund Stn.)

any update for ambernath station?  (sent from Ambernath)

what about sion (sent from Thakurli)

any water logging issues at kurla?

cst say kurla train chalu hay Kya ? (sent from Kurla Stn.)

Train are running on time or delay ???

where is your train now ??? what's d current status of train (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

what's the express status from kalyan to pune?

is there any 🚆 issues between titwala to Kalyan today (sent from Titwala Stn.)

where is the badlapur train now?? (sent from Ambernath Stn.)

any update on Central? (sent from Badlapur Stn.)

how from Kalyan?

what about Kurla Kalyan? (sent from Vidyavihar Stn.)

is trains moving from thane towards csmt..????? (sent from Badlapur Stn.)

whats the status of khopoli to cst 8:40 train? where has it been reached? (sent from Kalva)

what is the train status (sent from Chunabhatti)

where is the 7.23 Kurla train from Mulund (sent from Mulund Stn.)

where is karjat down  (sent from Vithalwadi Stn.)

r trains working? (sent from Shahad)

what is problem from train dealy

Why there are no official updates like this when we have train issues. once everything is fine we get these updates...!  (sent from Dombivli)

hi what is the status of central line (sent from Vithalwadi)

karjat to cst trains are on time??? 

are the trains running from mumbra towards dombivali?? 

any update from thane to parel?

hello asangaon on time ahe ka ? (sent from Mulund Stn.)

are trains are working between Kalyan to Badlapur?

virar se chal rahi hain??

is vasai.. diva train line working? 

is there any issue central line? (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)

anyone at ghatkopar, is metro trains working ? (sent from Chembur)

ghatkopr to Dombivli kya status??

mulund to ghatkopar chal rahi hai train?

badlapur to thane? any update? (sent from Badlapur)

vasai virar wale tren vaigre  pausa mule band ahet ki aajun kahi problem ahe ??? (sent from Vithalwadi Stn.)

ambernath to csmt position ? (sent from Ambernath)

what  problem happen in Brandon and than

aaje megablock aahe ka?

what's the status of trains towards CST? 

on which line? towards cst or towrads/karjat'kasara? (sent from Govandi Stn.)

Kya dadar se Kalyan train chal rahi hai ? (sent from Vile Parle Stn.)

diva?  (sent from Dativali)

is central line trains  running?  (sent from Mumbai Central Stn.)

what abt train status from kalyan to kurla?? (sent from Vithalwadi)

mulund status? (sent from Mulund Stn.)

1:53 fast from thane to kalyan is running ? (sent from Thane Stn.)

central trian time made aahet ka ? (sent from Churchgate)

kalyan k loye train j?

diva to cst ? (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)

is there any problem from kalyan to kasara

what about trains status  (sent from Kalyan)

can someone please tell cst to ghatkopur train status? (sent from Marine Lines Stn.)

why are train late today (sent from Vithalwadi)

does trains are  on time?  (sent from Thane Stn.)

what is the status of cst fast from karjat 7:06

train? (sent from Andheri Stn.)

thane me auto chalu hai kya ? (sent from Thakurli)

trains on the time ? (sent from Shahad)

Any update on Ambernath - Thane line ? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

thane to kalyan train? 

trains chalu aahe ka? (sent from Ghatkopar)

dadar Thane train status please?

is there any problem going from thane to kanjur (sent from Bhandup)

what about ghatkopar station...?? (sent from Dombivli)

please let me know badlapur thane train status? (sent from Badlapur)

is there a problem in parel? (sent from Churchgate Stn.)

what's wrong with slow trains? delayed by 30min

that is the train status for down side?

well i still dont understand what all want to hear .... (sent from Byculla Stn.)

tapovan from nasik leaving to day for dadar?

thane se ghatkopar jaane ke liye train chalu hai kya?  (sent from Thane Stn.)

what is the status at mumbra Station  (sent from Mumbra)

Thane ke aage train ja rhi h kya?

Diva - Vasai ??

mumвrα tσ ghαtkσpαr trαín ѕtαtuѕ??

what is the status of 4.45 Badlapur local? (sent from Chunabhatti)

cst fast train ?? kuthey (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)

Titwala to Thane..? 

😂😂😂 subeh subeh??

what is the information badlapur to thane (sent from Badlapur)

thane se Ghatkopar ?

CST TO THANE TRAINS ? (sent from Byculla Stn.)

ambarnath to csmt fast ? (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

i want to travel from kalyan to.borivali, is it okay to leave ?? are the trains running??

which stn trains are running slow

8:18 CST Thane cancelled or running? (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)

train on dombivli station? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

what is condition of thane to Badlapur?

what's prob  (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)

whyy this problem?? (sent from Kalva)

i want to nandurbar on 13.06.2018 by train also return on 17.06.2018 which train go &  returned  for this? i am going first which train suitable?

why 8:44 Ambernath to CST is late, means why? (sent from Ambernath Stn.)

hi.. status from Dombivili station towards CSMT?  (sent from Thane Stn.)

how are trains now

csmt fast local ?? (sent from Mulund)

Mulund train cleared? (sent from Nahur)

now wat is this?? (sent from Mulund)

What is status cst to dombivali (sent from Churchgate)

dadar se thane train chal raha hai? 

are trains running smoothly on central line? (sent from byculla) (sent from Chinchpokli Stn.)

is local train working?  (sent from Shahad)

r trains going further from ghatkopar,kurla etc...?? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

what is the status of Thane to dadar ..??  (sent from Kalva)

what is status for badlapur trains from thane (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

are trains running but? (sent from Govandi)

Dombivali cst train chalu ahet ka? (sent from Kopar)

plz share the status of the train from kalyan to thane?  (sent from Vithalwadi)

should we get down from the train ? is train functioning ? or completely stoped

express status towards pune?

guys please give update about trains beyond Kalyan, I'm in the train but just got a call from friend who's in the train which is stuck at vitthalwadi station. (sent from Ambernath Stn.)

from ambernath what's the status  (sent from Ambernath)

Is train service restored?

why trains are delayed moving towards badlapur (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

any one suggest I want to Thane to badlapur so there is no delay in train? (sent from Rabale)

Vikhroli to CST train chalu hai kya?

what is status of bhiwandi to diva (sent from Bhiwandi Road)

what is the status of central line

do trains are working properly from Kalyan to CST?

are the trains working from Kalyan to Dadar??? (sent from Thakurli Stn.)

hi what is status of central line ? (sent from Airoli Stn.)

why train stop between Thane and kalwa station (sent from Thane)

R trains working frm kurla to Thane??  (sent from Govandi)

what is the status of central local train?

cst to kalyan?  (sent from Cst Stn.)

Trains from shahad on time or not? 

Aaj dadar aur thane ke beech megablock hai kya? (sent from Dahisar)

why  (sent from Panvel)

what is the train condition today's (sent from Dombivli)

what about vasind to cst train @ 8.15 pm

central line chalu hai kya? 

bhandup to cst train is on time or not

thane varn train ahe ka dadar la jayla??  (sent from Thane)

where is karjat train?  (sent from Badlapur Stn.)

train running from Sion to CSTM ???? (sent from Mahim Jn)

please don't spread rumours that trains are on time. lol.  (sent from Kopar Stn.)

3.35 titwala fast ? (kalyan station) (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

where is 5.14 kasara train from kasara now

any one knows current location of train?? (sent from Thane Stn.)

why is nobody replying??

status of thane station??  (sent from Marine Lines Stn.)

are trains available from thane to kurla???

where titwala 6.10 from (sent from Thane Stn.)

Trains are running properly from kalyan towards Ambernath?  (sent from Mulund)

trains are on time????

Are trains running late between Ghatkopar and Dombivili? (sent from Ghatkopar)

status of badlapur? (sent from Badlapur Stn.)

kasara te cst trains chalu aahe ka ?

only slow train running from Thane to CSMT  plat form no 04 that too half an late..TRAINS are empty enough to get in and get out but pathetic and undisciplined   public make it complicated. could easily standup in the train compare to weekday crowd (sent from Mulund Stn.)

thane se Ghatkopar? (sent from Airoli)

is there mega block at Diva to CST (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)

towards thane trains chalu hai kya? (sent from Mulund)

water logged anywhere?

What is the status of Ulhasnagar to Thane? Is all are on time? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

Status from Kalyan to CST? it's raining incessantly overnight 

are trains on time ?

cstm bound fast kidhar hai? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

kurla to ulhasnagar .? (sent from Kurla)

CST User took off today? (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)

12:53(Kalyan) ki Karjat to CSMT fast kab aayegi? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

kasara side ka status  ??

what's the status from thane (sent from Thane Stn.)

what is the problem

Anyone at Ghatkopar? My friend lost his wallet in train his name is Jay Shah. if anyone finds it please call on 7738863093 (sent from Mulund)

are trains running  ???? is it safe to go ??? (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)

Kalyan to cst any fast train? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

 panvel to CST trains running?

asangaom local from thane? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

what about 12:05 thane to Karjat  (sent from Bhandup Stn.)

what's the status of train between kalyan n mulund (sent from Kalyan)

metro train running properly?

8.34 kalyan start? 

trains are running or not?

where fast local (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

how are trains now? (sent from Lower Parel)

have the trains been cancelled from kasara to Kalyan???...plzzz inform

I heard there are no trains at cst? is it true?  (sent from Mulund)

Is there a block between Kurla to Vashi? 

8.11 from Badlapur right on time? (sent from Badlapur)

Are trains running between Karjat to Dadar??

is central line working? (sent from Kandivali)

where did reach Kasara local time 9.12 at Kurla? (sent from Kurla Stn.)

kurla to Dombivli train status?

where is kalyan train? (sent from Thane Stn.)

Kalyan to CST trains r going ?? (sent from Kalyan)

Ambernath se CST train running status?

Thane - cst working? (sent from Airoli Stn.)

what about train in dadar (sent from Mahim Jn Stn.)

any idea about trains running from Thane to Karjat?? (sent from Bhandup)

where is 7:21 csmt fast. my frnd is at dombivli

any updates about to thane?  (sent from Kanjur Marg)

nerul to thane trains are working ?

Is anyone at Thane station yet?  What's the status?  

kurla to thane working??? (sent from Kurla)

trains are on time? from karjat

same what happens at mulund  (sent from Bhandup Stn.)

what about kalyan kasara  (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

kurla to cst fast normal speed s chal ri hai ya dhire ??

diva to Dadar train running ? (sent from Diva Jn)

thane to kurla trains are working or not ??? (sent from Thane Stn.)

is train late? (sent from Vithalwadi Stn.)

what is the status from kurla to ghatkopar (sent from Kurla)

Kitna late hai?

kahe ka solve..? still westing my time in slow train..!  (sent from Sion Stn.)

where is Kalyan train 6:01 at kanjurmarg (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)

can someone please tell me what is the status if thane to Dombivali are trains running from thane to Dombivali

why delay?

what is the between nahur and bhandup (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)

Mumbai Pune trains working properly???  there is problem at khandala 

train hai kya Badlapur se?? (sent from Badlapur)

thane csmt??? (sent from Thane)

is there anybody on kurla please check any type of waterlogging is there or not ? (sent from Dombivli)

current situation of Virar-churchgate ???

what about dombivali to kasara (sent from Dombivli)

where is asangaon train now...?? (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)

kurla sion train chalu hai kya ? (sent from Govandi)

trains are running ?from kalyan

Kurla Sion status??? 

ambernath se thane chalu hai ? plz batao  (sent from Ambernath)

A slow train stopped before Ghatkopar, what's its status? (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

what's the status from thane to dombivli? (sent from Nerul Stn.)

fast trains r wrking ? (sent from Sandhurst Road)

ghatkoper to titwala???  (sent from Ghatkopar)



kanjurmarg to ambarnath train status??? (sent from Vikhroli)

badlapur se train chal rahi hai kya? 

does any one knows what happened (sent from Bhandup Stn.)

how slow are train services

kalyan to dadar train status? (sent from Shahad)

down trains chalu h kya? thane to badlapur? (sent from Ghansoli)

sure 7.15 khopoli-cstm is running behind 7.33 karjat-cstm??? (sent from Badlapur Stn.)

is any train presently for badlapur from kalyan

what is the status of trains from Thane to Kanjurmarg guys 

thane me raining or not

bhai mai jana chata hu Kurla to Mumbra ky train chalu hai ky ???

trains???? (sent from Dombivli)

Thane to Dadar???

train late hai kya abhi bhi..?? (sent from Cst Stn.)

what is the status of 9:29 badlapur csmt

good  morning sir  please  tell me platform form for 12188 garib rath for today. Also tell.me how much it is away from harbour line (sent from Koparkhairne)

where's the fast train for CSMT? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

where is khopoli trian (sent from Neral Stn.)

trains working? (sent from Mulund Stn.)

what's train status ? (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

are thane to cst slow trains from platform no 1 running or cancelled?  (sent from Kalva)

trian running let halaf hours but not  stop any where 

kalyan to thane trains are running or not? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

trains on time?? (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)

when its come to thane

where is 10.18 thane train?? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

abhi train chalu hai kya? thane to dombivali (sent from Mumbra Stn.)

6.51 thane badlapur on time???? (sent from Mulund Stn.)

and wbt buses and rickshaws?? (sent from Ambernath Stn.)

Any update abt ghatkopar to ambernath station?? (sent from Ghatkopar)

what was the status of center railway (sent from Ambernath Stn.)

train status. from cst to dombivali? (sent from Lower Parel)

where 10:37fast from titwala to cst (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

Ghatkopar to Thane???

Office jau ki picnic ??

are trains running properly on time.?  (sent from Cst Stn.)

thane to cst working? (sent from Thane)

dadar to churchgate route?

what is the problem but (sent from Kurla Stn.)

What issue bro (sent from Thane Stn.)

What's the status for central railways from Dadar to CST

central railway are running ok or not? (sent from Andheri)

where is Kasara train which is from Kalyan at 8.21pm (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

kya nahi chal rahi???? (sent from Kopar)

ya but moving right?

what about cstm to thane??? (sent from Masjid Stn.)

is the fast train towards CST on time? (sent from Mulund)

 i am at thane which train will i get  (sent from Thane Stn.)

any update of 6:54pm train? CST F* (sent from Kandivali)

what's the status now? (sent from Vikhroli)

where is. 2.21 train for karjat (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)

dadar to karjat started?  (sent from Badlapur)

any update from Thane station ?? (sent from Thane Stn.)

5:30 train from dadar wherr is it? (sent from Dadar Stn.)

what abt train status btw Dombivli to badlapur  (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

r train late by 10 mins? (sent from Govandi Stn.)

any Karjat or Badlapur train running in central line? (sent from Vithalwadi Stn.)

Kalyan to cst what is this problem (sent from Elphinstone Road Stn.)

karjat fast .. diva hault is on time ?? (sent from Mulund Stn.)

slow tracks are working towards Dadar??? (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)

how was trains running  (sent from Shahad)

cental line se cst ki aur train kya slow chal rahi hai ??

what is the status of the train mumbai central to virar (sent from Mahalakshmi)

any status ???

is there train on shahad station (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

thane to kurla??

Mumbra se CST chalo hai kya ?

CST to Thane train status ??

can anyone tell me what is status Sai Nagar Shirdi express

cst-kasara status plz? (sent from Airoli Stn.)

what is the current updates (sent from Kalva)

are trains late??? (sent from Kalyan)

any recent updates? from Ghatkopar (sent from Jogeshwari)

where is 6.03 kalyan semi fast (sent from Churchgate Stn.)

What's the update from CST towards Kalyan trains (sent from Kalyan)

no train guys ,plz be at home u will stuck some where (sent from Turbhe Stn.)

what is the Position from Ulhasnagar (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

thane to vashi any update ?

cotton green k liye train chalu h?? (sent from Malad)

what about 740 Ambernath from Dadar.  (sent from Dadar Stn.)

kasara trains running??

are trains on time kyn to cst? (sent from Vithalwadi)

manan kaisa hau? (sent from Nahur Stn.)

Thane to Ghatkopar trains are stopped? (sent from Kalva)

are train functioning from dadar to kalyan?? (sent from Matunga Road Stn.)

trains status plz? frm thane to Csmt (sent from Thane Stn.)

what about 8 56 karjat from thane (sent from Thane Stn.)

which train goes to poona  (sent from Masjid)

Sion and Kurla ke yahan pani kam hua kya? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

Sion kurla see train time par ja Raha hai Kya ? (sent from Ghatkopar)

tula sutti pahije ka?

who told cM declare holiday nonsense  (sent from Seawood Darave)

What is status of central line train??? (sent from Mumbra Stn.)

what is the status now? trains delayed or what? (sent from Kalyan)

Are trains on time today? (sent from Vikhroli)

what is exat issue nahur (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

sumit? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

are train running on time?? (sent from Ambivli)

kalyan te thane sathi trains ahet ka? (sent from Kalyan)

how much people pay for the fare ... more than 40 % don't buy ticket or pass travel free .... why western railway gets good service because more than 80 % travel with pases ....  (sent from Vithalwadi)

kHere Channel Te?

kalyan te thane chaku hai kya? (sent from Shahad)

trains are on time or not?

what Abt titwala-cst n asangaon-cst trains?

kya status hai central line?

dombivli to ghatkopar train chalu hai na... kalva stn me pani nhi hai na abhi???  (sent from Ghatkopar)

Kasara train nikli Kalyan se? (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)

where is 15 coach Kalyan fast local  (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

Thane to Cst train chalu hai kya ? (sent from Mahalakshmi Stn.)

What Rail roko... it's effect people who goes to work.. it not effect to Modi,  Ambani or Ministers... They never in train.. The people who stay home the salary would be cut... the govt will never Pay to them.... It's your right u want support u can support other people has Rights to think of them.. (sent from Dadar Stn.)

titwala to CST ka Kya status hai????

what is train status from kalwa to kurla (sent from Kalva Stn.)

what is the status between thane and bhandup  (sent from Nerul Stn.)

Tomorrow school and colleges will remain open or not? (sent from Shahad)

Thane to kalyan is the train running on time?  (sent from Airoli)

badlapur cst train chalu he kya?  (sent from Badlapur)

are trains running towards ambernath?? (sent from Mulund Stn.)

११:०१ कल्याण ला येणारी खोपली लोकल कुठे आहे? (sent from Thakurli)

what about mail/exp. trains from Nashik to Thane? are they running?

what is status on sion stn? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

is there water log in central line (sent from Andheri)

train late hai kya ??? (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

?????

To go or not to go that is the question.कामाला जावं की नाही हा एकच सवाल आहे!! ह्या तुंबलेल्या लोकलच्या उकिरड्यावर गर्दीचा तुकडा होऊन प्रवास करावा बेशरम लाचार आनंदानं? की फेकून द्यावं हे देहाचं लक्तर गप घरच्या बिछान्यावर? आणि काढावी दिवसभर झोप? आणि सांगावं सगळ्यांना की नका जाऊ तुम्हीही! तुला, याला अन

Ghatkopar? (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

Any indicator is active or showing any trains? (sent from Bhandup)

? (sent from Shahad Stn.)

what about Thane to titwala

train chi ky conditions ahe ???? plzzz help .... (sent from Kalva)

is local train running after thane? (sent from Ambernath)

any update down side trains?? (sent from Kalva)

any status of cst train from Curry road?? (sent from Chunabhatti Stn.)

thane me appetite momos vala khula h?🙄

is kasara to cst on time? 

how are trains on CST to ambernath

what is status of 4:33 karjat to cst

Ambernath to thane ky update h??

is there train there from thane to ghatkoper (sent from Airoli Stn.)

where you want to go  (sent from Vasind)

what is status from dadar to Kalyan fast train  (sent from Khar Road)

what about kurla station  (sent from Tilak Nagar)

kalyan to Ambernath? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

kasara to Dadar trains are working?

khopoli se karjat train chalu aahe ka?

Train timing var aahet ka?

and what about panvel to thane route??

cst kurla train is working? (sent from Churchgate Stn.)

what is d timing for megablock for today in central line? (sent from Badlapur)

are trains on time from titwala? (sent from Titwala)

chalu hai kya???  (sent from Kalva)

are trains travelling to Khopoli? (sent from Dadar Stn.)

what about Ghatkopar to Sion (sent from Airoli Stn.)

where is 7.18kasara train (sent from Kurla Stn.)

Thane to cst? 

Central line chaloo aahe ka? (sent from Churchgate)

what about Kalyan to Ghatkopar (sent from Mankhurd)

are trains running from thane to kalyan? (sent from Kalva)

मुंबई ठाणे चालू आहेत काय? (sent from Grant Road Stn.)

train from Ulhasnagar on tome or not? (sent from Vithalwadi)

It's raining heavily what is the status of train  (sent from Badlapur)

thane to ambernath train chal raha hai??

dombivli to titwala???  (sent from Thakurli)

kanjurg to thane? 

when train will start 

thane to dadar trains ??? (sent from Rabale Stn.)

update in central line between Ghatkopar to Dadar? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

thane to cst.? (sent from Thane Stn.)

sure?  (sent from Chembur Stn.)

what about thane to Dombivli?? (sent from Rabale)

is there any issue for train from mulund 

bhandup to cst trains running on time?? (sent from Bhandup)

trains to thane from Ghatkopar??

whre is 9.47 kalyan dadar 15 car ? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

seriously mumbai band ahe kaa ?

Where's the current fight going on (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

mulund to ghatkopar working?

what is train running status (sent from Chunabhatti)

are you sure? (sent from Dombivli)

why?? (sent from Badlapur)

bhandup to Kalyan train chalu he? (sent from Kanjur Marg)

status?

Are the trains from Thane to Ghatkopar running? (sent from Vashi)

Train running from Kalyan? 

is there still waterlogging at sion? are trains running?

Badlapur se CST train ka kya status hai? (sent from Badlapur)

status for Thane to ambernath ??? (sent from Nerul Stn.)

still raining?? in parel N all (sent from Churchgate)

train status Pls in KALYAN? 

what is the running status of trains in central? (sent from Kalyan)

why train stop in between shahad and ambivali (sent from Shahad)

what is the problem at Diva?  (sent from Tilak Nagar)

train towards karjat? (sent from Ambernath)

any signal problems between shahad to ambivali down?  (sent from Shahad)

is Badlapur to Dadar left from Badlapur? (sent from Ambernath Stn.)

Is trains are running on time Panvel to CSTm??  (sent from Belapur Cbd Stn.)

kal kasara train chalu he kya ... ? 

When was this? (sent from Kalyan)

guyz what about dadr to anderi

any update at dadar station please?? (sent from Andheri Stn.)

train status today ??

is there heavy water traffic between diva in.to cst

thanks...but where it has reached 

Kalyan to Dadar train chalu ahet ka? (sent from Kalyan)

Can anyone confirm for thane to ulhasnagar ?

central line chalu hi kya????? 

for what

what is situation of train dadar to Mumbra (sent from Vile Parle Stn.)

water logging at sion? 

10.45 train frm karjat csmt is it on time?  (sent from Karjat)

trains running in time from Kalyan?  (sent from Kalyan)

is there any issue between mumbra to kalyan? (sent from Mumbra Stn.)

where it's Raining..... kindly share (sent from Vangani Stn.)

any water loged anywhere?

where is indrayni exp (sent from Badlapur)

what is status from Dombivali to thane?? (sent from Dombivli)

Thane to Kalyan train available hai kya ?

in western its raining heavily since past 1 hr..so who are going there pls check the status and then plan (sent from Ambernath Stn.)

how about rush..roadway ya railway would be better (sent from Andheri)

from Kalyan to talegaon When is the train

need update of Thane - CSMT 10:49? (sent from Tilak Nagar Stn.)

central railway working? (sent from Thane)

Are Trains running from Thane to Titwala? (sent from Borivali Stn.)

is there probkem after THANE (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

Is train going from dadar to karjat on normal timings? (sent from Borivali)

center line chalu hai kya ? (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)

where is kasara fast (sent from Vikhroli)

how to late by train ambernath to thane (sent from Ambernath Stn.)

train stats from dadar??? (sent from Khar Road)

train is running form ambhrnth to cstm???? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

Thane to ghatkopar running smoothly ??

train status kalyan? (sent from Kalyan)

dombivli to thane ? koi to bata do  (sent from Kopar Stn.)

Are trains running from dadar to mulund??? (sent from Vile Parle)

sure?  (sent from Kanjur Marg)

what is train status kalyan to asangaon (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

8.13 cst from kyn pf 1 came? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

CST to thane chalu ahe Ka? (sent from Ghatkopar)

no trains are shut right? (sent from Elphinstone Road Stn.)

if any issues?  (sent from Shahad Stn.)

is there any issue with train  (sent from Kopar Stn.)

is there any training are running towards ghatkhopar ?

nothing announcement what weong (sent from Bhandup Stn.)

and what about from sion to Vikhroli side??? (sent from Gtb Nagar)

what is the status kalyan tran (sent from Elphinstone Road)

are trains on time??

how u know trains r late don't create havoc

is Sion bridge closed?

dadar to Thane trains challu hai Kya ??  (sent from Andheri Stn.)

Are trains running late on Central Line?   (sent from Dombivli)

where is the Kasara train from Ghatkopar

what is status vasind to csmt

Why?

thane to kurla train chalu hai kya???

what a situation in central line up side

kya prblm hui hai ? koi bataye plz (sent from Mumbra Stn.)

is train on time at mulund station? (sent from Mulund)

stop asking questions and sending meaningless messages. Read what people are saying and you will understand  (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)

how to check current location of locals  (sent from Shahad Stn.)

kanjurmarg to Dombivali train chalu hai kya ? (sent from Vikhroli)

vikhrole to dadar train chalu hai? (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)

are trains working from Ambernath to kalyan? (sent from Ambernath)

is the train to badlapur on time

pls tell us why Thane 🚆 not moving stopped at Bhandup  (sent from Mulund Stn.)

??

from badlapur trains are on time or not?  (sent from Badlapur)

what is the status of local (sent from Thane Stn.)

Vidyavihar to Thane status ? (sent from Vidyavihar Stn.)

dadar to thana status ?? (sent from Lower Parel)

need to reach for interview at kanjur is train preferable I stay at Mulund? (sent from Mulund)

cst to badlapur train start or not?

udya train chalu ahe ka??? (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)

what about ghatkopar station? (sent from Kandivali)

hello are trains working properly ? towards csmt (sent from Ghatkopar)

what's the tyming of diva Vasai local??

how's the train running from kanjur to kalyan 

what is the train status towards Andheri

trns time pe chalu hai kya? (sent from Churchgate Stn.)

train started regular?? (sent from Dombivli)

is Intercity on time? (sent from Koparkhairne Stn.)

train status?? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

where is the CST Thane train which is supposed to reach Parel at 6:03? (sent from Elphinstone Road Stn.)

thane se kalyan chalu hai kya?? 

trains are running or nt between kurla to ghatkopar..? (sent from Juinagar)

Dombivli train which was stopped for 45 mins between Nahur and bhandup has now reached Nahur (sent from Nahur Stn.)

thane station ? (sent from Thane Stn.)

Water logging hai kya kalyan to Thane? (sent from Shahad)

is  there is train to  ghatkopar to kalyan now (sent from Ghatkopar)

what is the train status Badlapur (sent from Badlapur)

Is all central lines  train  are on time? 

Ulhas nadi puri tarah bhar gayi kya??? (sent from Badlapur)

Are trains running?

Kalyan to ghatkopar?  (sent from Kalyan)

train status from vashi? (sent from Vashi)

What's the status of 9.06 ambernath from thane? (sent from Thane Stn.)

cst jane wli train chal rahi hai kya?  are they on time  (sent from Thakurli)

DOMBIVALI la status Kay ? (sent from Nilje Stn.)

what are the current train status in central line.... especially Dombivli... kindly update.. (sent from Kopar)

how about ambernath

what is status of thane to cst? (sent from Airoli Stn.)

Is it Train on time from thane to CST?

muje kal andheri se nerul jana hai to morning mei mega block kab start hone vala hai? 

cst - kalyan chalu hai kya??

what is train status at Central Railway

when you will get stuck then you will know what it is like (sent from Rabale)

what is the position of thane fast of 7.16 fast from dadar..??  (sent from Mahim Jn Stn.)

kopar to CST ka update? (sent from Bhiwandi Road)

kalyan to kasara running? (sent from Kalyan)

ambernath to thane local???  (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

is it train working in cntrl line ?

Any update from Central line ??😅 (sent from Masjid Stn.)

r the trains working from andheri? (sent from Goregaon Stn.)

what's the current status (sent from Chinchpokli Stn.)

is there a mega block in central line (sent from Shahad)

ठाणे to कंजूमार्ग ?? (sent from Thane Stn.)

is there train for cat from kalayan (sent from Kalyan)

what kind of accident?

Karjat to cst working?

what is the status of Central railways timing  (sent from Vidyavihar)

rain really stopped? 

Job Kay?

and what abou BEST bus?

what about dombivali to cst? trains are running? 

thane to kalyan train status??? (sent from Thane)

how many hours train late (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

what is the central line status

can anyone pls update?

finally whats the scenario? is the central line working or not? as of now. and what would the forecast be for coming hour or so? revert (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

byculla SE KALYAN local ja rahi hai kya...? (sent from Chinchpokli Stn.)

is it raining very heavily should travel or avoid? (sent from Vithalwadi)

Ghar see baher nikalna chahiye ki nahi ajjj?

Any update from Ghatkopar station? (sent from Bhandup)

what's local strain status at Kalyan?

platform no for Asangaon superfast local? (sent from Reay Road Stn.)

ambernath to cst??

badlapur te Ulhasnagar train chalu ahe ka ?? (sent from Badlapur)

Guyz... Wat Abt Mumbai?? Mumbai me Baarish ka haal kya hai?? 

Will update the status as and when I reach Vikhroli. (sent from Thane Stn.)

currently where is train (sent from Nahur)

what's is the status for Kalyan (sent from Juinagar)

is train working on time today????  (sent from Ambernath)

r trains running? (sent from Vikhroli)

what is status of trains ??

how would it be uniform if people are at different station? people towards dadar may be stuck while people in Kalyan are facing delays while somewhere in between the indicators might have changed to match the delayed times. (sent from Airoli Stn.)

it's raining at Mumbai???  planning to have samosa and teq

Badlapur - Karjat train ka kya status he?

autul problem???

 is this fast train are running between dombivli to ghatkopar????? (sent from Thakurli)

what time this cst fast train @3.26 will come in Thane stn.  (sent from Thane Stn.)

central line train is running or not

Is central line working properly today? (sent from Charni Road Stn.)

trains are running or not??  (sent from Shahad)

what is the status of 10:13 Ambarnath fast cstm

train status today? (sent from Kalva)

any update?? (sent from Vadala Road)

trains are running towards Ambernath? (sent from Rabale)

Kalyan to Thane trains are in time or late ? (sent from Thakurli)

what about sion station (sent from Gtb Nagar)

on which platform it happened (sent from Kopar)

Badlapur k liye train hai Kya?  (sent from Dadar Stn.)

anyone there ? (sent from Airoli Stn.)

Trains from badlapur running on time? (sent from Badlapur)

Kasara to csmt chalu hey kya @?

What's the status of train in central and western line ? (sent from Goregaon)

what is problem between Mulund Nahur ?? (sent from Mulund Stn.)

okay thanks, and there is waterlogging in vidyavihar right? (sent from Vikhroli)

thane panvel train chalu he kya?

Is there any prblm between Thane - Badlapur ????? Status ?? (sent from Turbhe)

are most of trains stopped ? or just bit delayed ?

central line trains are working?  (sent from Thane)

is kalyan to thane train on time? (sent from Airoli Stn.)

thane to dombivli train status ? (sent from Sanpada)

dadar to Dombivli ka status batao ? (sent from Thakurli)

trains are working or not

dombivli to badlapur? Can we go? (sent from Dombivli)

situation of mulund station???

bhandup to cst are trains running on time? (sent from Bhandup Stn.)

kalyan to dadar train status??  (sent from Kalyan)

gharatun nighu ki nako?😉 (sent from Kanjur Marg)

pls update me from kalyan to karjat 12.57 train where is now

12:41 CST fast from Ambernath   is on time or delay ??? (sent from Kalyan)

Are trains working from cst to kalyan?  (sent from Cst Stn.)

is it? from how much time? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

where can we get news about megablock  (sent from Goregaon Stn.)

is train are running from ghatkopar to cst??? (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

कल्याण पासून चालू आहेत??? ठाणे जायला

mega blocks on which track

train is on time or not????  (sent from Turbhe)

what is the status  from  kalyan  to cst

Kalyan train chalu hai? (sent from Juinagar)

मुलुंड से तित्वला और कासारा साइड ट्रेन टाईम पे है क्या ?

are there train from Dadar - CST ? (sent from Dadar Stn.)

why (sent from Dombivli)

on time? 😂😂 (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

what is d status between thane n ghatkopar

dombivli to badlapur working?? (sent from Mulund Stn.)

Heavy rain in kalyan .Trains on time towards Ambernath?  (sent from Kalyan)

Thane to CST trains r working or not ??

what no?  (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

thane to Badlapur train are running or not?  (sent from Airoli Stn.)

DOMBIVLI TO DADAR status ? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

Any body who's online...Plz reply, I have to go to Rabale tomorrow morning. (Sent from Chembur)

7:34 Thane to Kalyan slow Thane kon se platform par aane vali hai??

parel??

today whats the train update from ambarnath to cst trains are there on time or not

down side train chalu hai kya..? (sent from Khar Road)

trains working from kalyan to dadar??

what is the train status

Dombivli csmt train chalu hai Kya?? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

why the hell trains are running late  (sent from Nahur Stn.)

what is the status of dombivli to cst train ...any update please

what  is the status of 8.03thane -karjat train (sent from Thane Stn.)

badlapur stn varun train on time chalu aahet ka?

can anyone at Thane update about Thane to Karjat route?  (sent from Airoli Stn.)

is kasara trains are on time ??? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

is their any problem near Matunga?? (sent from Nerul)

kitna delay Hua? (sent from Mulund)

where is thane Badlapur 651 train status  (sent from Mumbra Stn.)

asangaon train r working or not

is kasara local running ?

ghatkoper ka kya haal hai??  (sent from Rabale Stn.)

what is status from Kalyan (sent from Kalyan)

thane to dombivali train are there? (sent from Koparkhairne Stn.)

is trains are running late?

what is the status of mumbra 

are trains working properly at thane station?

what about today?? is alright??

Csmt to Dombivali train status please? (sent from Cst Stn.)

what about Kalyan to Kasara...

Ambernath to kalyan is ok or not???  (sent from Ambernath)

is there any issue

where is badlapur train (sent from Bhiwandi Road)

is all train running regular

thane to dadar and dadar to borivali status plz? (sent from Kalva)

why trains are late from Elphinstone for thane (sent from Elphinstone Road Stn.)

status from CST to thane please?

what about the train schedule 

what is the current update between kurla to dadar (sent from Koparkhairne)

train band Jhale ka purna ? (sent from Dombivli)

are trains working from thane to dadar ??

what's status at diva/mumbra..no train in kopar from 20ins

should i go in this  heavy rain to sion?  (sent from Airoli)

central line train working fine or.not? (sent from Shahad)

are trains running fine today,?  (sent from Thane Stn.)

fast train was diverted into slow track? 

where is 15 rake Kalyan fast local (sent from Dadar Stn.)

dombivli to thane status? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

what is the current status of central local train

central train raining hai Kay? (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)

bhai khudi ko krke buland pahunch gye office jaise taise, ab batao wapas ghar  jayen kaise??? (sent from Borivali Stn.)

how much late brother? (sent from Ghatkopar)

Dombivali cst train chalu ahet ka? (sent from Kopar)

train is working from kurla to dadar 🤔 ? (sent from Chembur Stn.)

what is the status of central line trains toward can't from dombivali (sent from Nilje)

central lines trains from towards Ghatkopar on time?

11:46 kalyan starter is on time? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

what is the train status? (sent from Vithalwadi)

are sure ?  (sent from Kopar Stn.)

dombivali to kalyan train is running or not

Dadar la paus ahe ka??? (sent from Mumbra)

train from thakurli to Thane status???  (sent from Thakurli)

are train late?? (sent from Kanjur Marg)

Trains running fine? (sent from Vidyavihar Stn.)

ulhas to thane trains working? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

are trains late ?? (sent from Badlapur Stn.)

what is central rail update please send message

 daddar to CSMT IS RUNNING ? (sent from Vadala Road)

status on Kurla to vikhroli trains? (sent from Kurla)

Thane to dadar train is running??

which central,  harbour

does anyone know whether deccan has crossed kalyan or not?  (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

Are trains available from parel ?? (sent from Parel)

asangaon?? Kasara?? thane wali?? (sent from Kalva)

trains are on time? (sent from Kalyan)

trains are late?

?

what about thane to kasara 2:04.? (sent from Thane Stn.)

Is there water logging on Kalyan station tracks ? (sent from Vithalwadi)

are trains running from Dadar to Thane ? 

train status??? (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)

11 39 Karjat fast reached Ghatkopar at 12 25 (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

dombivli se ghatkoper ?? (sent from Kopar)

how is the frequency of trains for down towards kalyan dombivli

why the central government is not looking at us... (sent from Titwala Stn.)

ghatkopar to domvivali chalu ahe ka ? (sent from Chembur Stn.)

kurla dadar train update? (sent from Kurla)

khopoli to csmt anybody knows where it is? (sent from Ambernath Stn.)

khopoli to csmt  fast  local is where (sent from Ambivli)

thana to badlapur train are Running or not???  (sent from Vashi Stn.)

4.30 cst karjat train status? (sent from Kings Circle Stn.)

????? (sent from Govandi)

why train get stops in between Ghatkopar and Vikroli  (sent from Ghatkopar)

hi i want to go from wadala road to koparkhairane which train is confertable (sent from Chembur Stn.)

ghatkopar - dombivili train chalu hai.? (sent from Goregaon)

trains are running from kasara to Dadar?

Yes. requesting all just to update status who are in trains or at platforms who can have real idea about trains. This will help all others who wants to know the true status (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

what about mumbra to thane ?  (sent from Mumbra)

what happened between ghatkopar and dadar (sent from Shahad Stn.)

kaejat train?  (sent from Kalyan)

what

only those who are at Thane or kalwa pls reply. are trains running or stopped? (sent from Thakurli)

what is the current status from Thane ?? (sent from Kalva)

thane se koi fast train nikli? (sent from Mulund Stn.)

Asangaon to Kalyan Train chalu hai kya?? 

where is kasara train (sent from Thakurli Stn.)

what is the status of train towards CST (sent from Nahur)

no update anywher can we travel ? (sent from Titwala Stn.)

from thane to kalyan? 

kalyan==Ambarnath train ??? (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)

what about diva station (sent from Diva Jn)

Kalyan to karjat okk aahe Ka ??

why central train is late ??? (sent from Kalva Stn.)

thane - Ambarnath train  time pe hai kya..? (sent from Kalva Stn.)

what are the train status from ghatkopar to thane (sent from Ghatkopar)

Retarded people on this app: "Train ka status kya hai?"...Please read for once na.

Are trains late in central line?  (sent from Mahim Jn Stn.)

what about dadar to thane (sent from Khar Road Stn.)

train's are running from Ghatkoper to CST ?????

6:55 badlapur- csmt fast on time? (sent from Thane Stn.)

Stop asking Questions, post only information which you have. This only will help all people!  (sent from Vidyavihar Stn.)

Kurla to Vikhroli status please? (sent from Kurla)

Is Cstm train late.?

any updates from Kalyan to Kasara ? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

cst tak trains jaare hai?? (sent from Kandivali Stn.)

what about Ambernath (sent from Shahad)

is there any update from Thane about trains  (sent from Ambernath Stn.)

harbour line chlu hai Kay ??? (sent from Dockyard Road)

whats status of 2 45 karjat fast from kurla? (sent from Matunga Stn.)

water logged in thane right? 

is there any problem between kurla and sion

central line chalu he kya? (sent from Chinchpokli Stn.)

is train available from kalyan to thane?? (sent from Mumbra Stn.)

how are you guyzzzz

Puri Surat exp Nagpur kab aayegi?

dombivli to dadar? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

train? (sent from Borivali)

are trains stopping at Vidyavihar? while going from Kurla

what is the status of 9.47.? Kalyan dadar (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

kay status aahe train cha...  kiti late aahet?  (sent from Vangani)

7:37 kalyan se dadar train nikal gai kay? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

where is 1:01 st train (sent from Ambernath Stn.)

what is d problem at Kalyan stn (sent from Shahad)

r traing running from thane to kanjurmarg?  (sent from Ghansoli Stn.)

kalva to Bhandup is running on timing???? (sent from Kalva)

ghatkopar to kalyan status?? (sent from Chembur Stn.)

asngaon to kalyan?

are trains on time? (sent from Vikhroli)

where is karjat fast (sent from Byculla Stn.)

1.14 fast train from thane??? is it on time?? (sent from Koparkhairne Stn.)

what is the train status from Thane to Vashi ? (sent from Dombivli)

are train from dadar to cst working? (sent from Goregaon)

what is the status of trains from karjat (sent from Karjat Stn.)

train status from thane to cst??  (sent from Badlapur)

what about asangaon CST trains

what about train status (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

aaj konse minister ka bap mar gaya jo aaj bhi sabhi trains 10 20 mins late hai? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

Kurla cst chalu hai? (sent from Kurla Stn.)

What's the train sadul of dadar bhuj 

karjat train where now (sent from Ambernath Stn.)

Dombivali to thane train ahet ka? (sent from Kopar)

The people asking questions.. Kindly update train statuses when you guys reach station (sent from Mumbra)

What's status of trains from thane towards dombivli?? (sent from Dombivli)

what's the status for trains to cst

I caught 11.46am train from Thane, which is now crossed Masjid station and will reach to CSMT probably in next few minutes. 

tomorrow is Mumbai bandh do trains will affect? (sent from Airoli)

csmt to kasara on time..?  (sent from Churchgate)

Kal bhi baarish hoga kya?  (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

what is status of trains? (sent from Andheri Stn.)

kalyan to cst?  (sent from Mahalakshmi Stn.)

guys pls go through previous posts... instead asking silly questions like.. train chalu hai kya? (sent from Thakurli Stn.)

8.38 ledies spl train is on time????? (sent from Mulund Stn.)

is 7:02 Thane local cancelled or what?  (sent from Cst Stn.)

y panvel train is not reaching kurla??? (sent from Kurla Stn.)

what about the train position for ulhasnagar (sent from Charni Road)

What is the Local train status between Mulund to CSMT? (sent from Mulund)

what status of train between Kurla and Vidya vihar (sent from Churchgate)

is anyone at thane stn?  (sent from Airoli Stn.)

any idea if cst to badlapur trains are running?  (sent from Grant Road)

are trains working properly?

Trains are working normally? (sent from Kandivali Stn.)

karjat train??

8.43 asangaon  at thane ...Kahan hai?? please update (sent from Thane Stn.)

which is slow train now for dombivli

How much is rush towards Kurla? Ulhasnagar to Kurla? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

is there any train problem from Kalyan to cst (sent from Kalyan)

thane to cst ?? (sent from Kalva)

where is kasara fast?  (sent from Chembur Stn.)

Pubg ayega koi?

are trains running from Kalyan to badlapur?? (sent from Dombivli)

how bad is thane station situation?

any update? (sent from Neral Stn.)

what is a status of badlapur & ambernath  (sent from Koparkhairne)

Train late kasara?  (sent from Titwala Stn.)

ulhasnagar to karjat are trains running? (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)

IS SION - THANE line is functioning normally?

reason Kya he fast track block ka?? (sent from Thakurli Stn.)

anyone got train from Kalyan or thakurli ?? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

what is the status from thane to Badlapur (sent from Airoli Stn.)

what about badlapur and Asangaon side

Kalyan to karjat train chalu hai kya??

is there any water logging

cst kurla train? (sent from Sandhurst Road Stn.)

is the train on time (sent from Mumbra Stn.)

what about thane to cst ? (sent from Vikhroli)

bhai log wht but Mumbra to cst??  (sent from Mumbra Stn.)

updates of ambernath stn??? (sent from Karjat)

train is running frm titwala???? (sent from Kurla)

My friend stucked in between KanjurMarg and bhandup. What you guys did yesterday in mega block time. Just wasting peoples tax

Are trains running from thane to dadar?

where is khopoli train 

any train scheduled at thane platform no 1?

Cst to Thane?  (sent from Churchgate Stn.)

khopoli to Kalyan train status ??? please update

Thane to badlapur train is running? (sent from Vidyavihar Stn.)

whether we can reach ambernath to dombivali by road ? is there water logging?  (sent from Dombivli)

kasara asangaon trains on time ???

can anyone tell what is the status of train from dombivli (sent from Dombivli)

thane to cst - status?

is there any slow train frm kalyan

kurla to kalyan trains are running or not ? can any one update

what is the status of central line 

why (sent from Thane Stn.)

whts the status of trains .. r they running late ?

is it true? (sent from Currey Road)

train running from ghatkopar to kaylan there is delay or not?  (sent from Ghatkopar)

Kanjurmarg to dombivli status?  (sent from Kopar Stn.)

trains towards Mulund?  (sent from Chembur)

r trains running on time?  (sent from Mulund)

are train Karjat to Kalyan running on time??  (sent from Neral Stn.)

what is train status of central line ?? (sent from Byculla)

why stop fast train at Kalyan  (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

is 3:29 am trains runs on time? (sent from Kalyan)

what about dadar to Thane train (sent from Bhayander Stn.)

Is 9:07 cancel?????? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

what about kasara (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

What is the status for vasind to kalyan (sent from Vasind)

central line working?? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

 thane to sion shuru hai Kya??

what's wrong with this slow line track..

situations for central railways?

Trains are running little late because of rains but we don't know whether raining will stop or not...so if you want go...go on your risk that u have another source to come again home (sent from Dombivli)

are trains running till ghatkopar? 

central lines  trains are tu? i

where are u stucked

badलापूर ट्रेन चालु aahe का?

Sion duhba ? (sent from Mahim Jn)

kurla to ghatkopar trains status? (sent from Kharghar)

what is latest update (sent from Thakurli)

to? (sent from Nilje Stn.)

??? (sent from Dombivli)

Train chalu aahet ka? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

rail on time? (sent from Chunabhatti)

what is status from Mulund to Kurla. (sent from Nahur)

where reach karjat to cst train? (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)

status of csmt trains from vasind? (sent from Vasind)

where is khopoli train  (sent from Vithalwadi Stn.)

did people cross Sion? (sent from Thakurli Stn.)

kurla to thane trains are working or not ????? (sent from Tilak Nagar Stn.)

what is status thane badlapur train (sent from Juinagar)

what happened  (sent from Kalva Stn.)

 what is the status of down local from Ghatkopar?? (sent from Jogeshwari)

what is the status of train from GHATKOPAR TO MumBra

where is 8 45 dadar... from badlapur????? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

it's started from cst or not? (sent from Byculla Stn.)

kaisa hai sumit? tu Borivali shift hua na? (sent from Dombivli)

are trains on time ? (sent from Ghatkopar)

Jitne bhi chat ho rahe h plese read it carefully  (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

? (sent from Mulund Stn.)

barish ruk gayi hai Kya?

train is running properly?

thane to cst? is there flooding in between the stations??

is there any issue between Thane to Dombivli 

are trains running on time or late from Ghatkopar towards Thane???. If late then can anybody tell whats approx delay

what is the status of Kalyan - cst lines 

are trains running from Kalyan to Thane ?

train towards cst on time?

mumbra to byculla train on hai kya ? (sent from Malad)

trains are working ? 

Which Time Is Dombivali Super Fast  (sent from Vadala Road)

thane cst train status?? (sent from Ghansoli)

what is the current status of trains leaving from csmt ? (sent from Mulund)

what is the train status from shahapur to kalyan

kurla to dadar??

what is stetus train to vashind from cst (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

train status from ulhasnagar to kurla? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

cst to dombivilli trains r running? (sent from Churchgate)

but why trains are delayed. any updates on the same.. 

bhai log central line Mai kuch Lochan chal Raha kya? (sent from Bhandup Stn.)

dombivli slow were it is reached currently?

what about panvel nerul trains?

what is train status from ghatkopar (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

where are karsara train 

for CSTM, trains are available? between 1.00pm (sent from Vithalwadi)

trains from Dadar towards Karjat? (sent from Mira Road)

what about kasara trains 

is badlapur train working? (sent from Badlapur)

are central line trains working from kurla to thane??

mi aaj guarich rahu ka???? (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)

??plz (sent from Dadar Stn.)

kalyan to thane trains? 

from vikhroli to thane ?  (sent from Thane)

any update about central line thane to ulhas.....they are on time or late? (sent from Shahad Stn.)

kalva Status? (sent from Kalva)

what about kurla to kanjurmarg (sent from Elphinstone Road Stn.)

thane kalyan suru aahet ka? (sent from Airoli)

when and from where is tomorrow's mega block on central line  (sent from Vashi Stn.)

what is status between kalyan to Dadar? 

are you still at mumbra station? mubra to kalyan locals are working ? 

what is the current statues of trains (sent from Mahim Jn)

what news about titwala (sent from Titwala)

why ? (sent from Badlapur Stn.)

central line trains up ?

 any update of 2.11 train from badapur?

What's the problem to train delay late to train why (sent from Vangani)

what is the status of thane to dadar train..??

what status kalyan to cst?  (sent from Mumbra)

any issue in central line soo many train is being cancelled 😑? (sent from Thakurli Stn.)

01664 train stopped on which platform at Bhusawal

what's status of slow train towards Kalyan from Thane?? (sent from Thane Stn.)

central train status ?  (sent from Bhandup)

please let us know the train status from Kasara?

कोणी भविष्य सांगणारा आहे का इथे? (sent from Mulund)

csmt train status?  (sent from Mumbra Stn.)

karjat to khopoli train status?? (sent from Khopoli)

anyone reached Dadar?

are trains properly operating from airoli-thane and thane-dombivali..? (sent from Vidyavihar)

hi, how is the train scenario like?

cst to thane working? (sent from Vile Parle Stn.)

train are on time??

what happen (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)

Kurla - Sion..  any Problem!?  (sent from Grant Road Stn.)

are Trains still running late?  (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)

train chalu h kua?kalyan to thane (sent from Vithalwadi)

status of trains from vithalwadi?  (sent from Vithalwadi Stn.)

where is thane dadar train now (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)

What is the position from Kurla to Matunga ??  (sent from Thane)

trains chalu aahet ka?? (sent from Jogeshwari)

dadar to thane trains delay??? (sent from Charni Road Stn.)

is there any problem upto thane (sent from Vithalwadi Stn.)

what is d status of badlapur stn

condition of dadar n matunga stn ??? (sent from Kalva Stn.)

dombivli to CST train chalu hai kya?

what has happened??? why train late

मेल पॅसेंजर नाशिक कडे जाणाऱ्या चालू आहेत का??? (sent from Vidyavihar Stn.)

are trains running from Kalyan to Thane? (sent from Dombivli)

any problems? what's happened? (sent from Goregaon)

any fast train from Dombivali to Dadar?

cstm to kyn trains are running or not ????? (sent from Mahalakshmi Stn.)

thane to csmt trains are working or not????? (sent from Thane)

is there any problem on kasara line (sent from Titwala Stn.)

is train are on time..?

what's the situation of trains beyond thane to kalyan (sent from Koparkhairne Stn.)

ठाणे ते कल्याण गाडी चालू आहे का...? (sent from Kalva)

hope no issues of pple for stopping trns???

what is train station from kalyan to Cstm (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

thane to cst trains chalu hai kya? (sent from Mulund)

what's the train status  (sent from Vithalwadi)

have you. seen it? (sent from Dombivli)

train are stop from thane to cst???  (sent from Thakurli)

2.27 kasara train at dombivli,is it running?? (sent from Thakurli Stn.)

thane to badlapur train on the? 

 what about slow trains  (sent from Gtb Nagar)

asangao? 

matunga to kurla chalu hai kya??? (sent from Kings Circle Stn.)

where is karjat train 7.45  (sent from Karjat Stn.)

is Central railway running on time? 

are trains working from Kalyan? (sent from Kalyan)

trains are on time or not from domb??

what is status of train from thane to cst (sent from Rabale)

are trains there now? (sent from Ghatkopar)

train towards cst  are running ??? (sent from Mulund Stn.)

are train running between dadar and dombivli?  (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)

Thane to badlapur train is running or not???

why train late (sent from Sandhurst Road)

kalyan to csmt kya status hai? 

what is the position of train  beyond Kalyan (sent from Bandra Stn.)

Any problem, Kalyan to Dadar. . ?

where is Badlapur csmt fast train??? (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

status of train from ambernath?  (sent from Ambernath)

now what is the train status

what about dadar to csmt (sent from Grant Road Stn.)

anyone at byculla station? are trains running towards vikhroli? 

is central working? 

where is khopoli train (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)

byculla to Thane train chalu ahet ka ? (sent from Byculla Stn.)

are trains running between Thane & Dadar ?

train from cst to ghatkopar is working? (sent from Reay Road Stn.)

Any problem on Sion station ?

trains in central line are working properly? (sent from Borivali Stn.)

badlapur to kalyan? (sent from Badlapur Stn.)

Dadar station status?

khopoli left from kurla?  (sent from Thane Stn.)

it's better to stay home since currently train will be delayed by 20-25 min which soon will change  to delay of 30-40 mins as it's raining consistently from last night (sent from Badlapur)

dombvli to Ambarnath? (sent from Ambernath Stn.)

what is the status of train thane to cst 

what bout titwala  cst?

thane to CST working or not??? (sent from Thane)

for all colleges senior and junior? (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)

How trains working from Dombivli, are they slow??  (sent from Kopar)

where is Thane Badlapur train now?

thakurli towards up ? (sent from Thakurli Stn.)

what about kalyan to karjat

where train arrives started from Thane for asangaon (sent from Asangaon Stn.)

what is tge status of KARJAT trains. . .are they running late?? (sent from Vangani Stn.)

are the trains working baas itna he ?

any issue between Dadar to csT ? please give update (sent from Dadar Stn.)

titwala to cst train status? (sent from Mahim Jn Stn.)

train working hai kya Thane to kalyan? (sent from Kalva)

are trains late?

where is cst fast train did it reached thane  (sent from Mulund Stn.)

are trains running on time nw??? (sent from Ambernath Stn.)

what about Kalyan to titwala train status? 

train chalu hai na? 

where is Badlapur train now?? CSMT to Badlapur?? 3:23 wala (sent from Badlapur Stn.)

dombivli to Kalyan??? (sent from Dombivli)

what about central railway (sent from Churchgate)

are train services between mumbai pune on time? (sent from Vile Parle Stn.)

Guys, Dont know what is wrong with Kalyan station announcement for Platform No.3, When Train is about to leave announcement is made. How can a person run from platform no.7 to platform no. 3 in such a small time?

Hey whats is the status of central railway ?

where is Karjat - CSMT train now?? 2:47 Badlapur... (sent from Badlapur Stn.)

where is asangaon thane train? (sent from Thakurli Stn.)

is train towards kalyan running or not??

Train for thane from dadar os on time ? (sent from Mulund)

diva jn to vithalwadi come on which time (sent from Diva Jn)

what about karjat khopoli

what's up Rahul (sent from Chunabhatti)

kalyan k aage train chal rahi h kya ??

everything is fn all of you in train chat kindly report office  (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

current status from Kalyan to thane??? (sent from Kalyan)

what about badlapur (sent from Badlapur Stn.)

please refer to most like chat Sunday megablock information  (sent from Thane Stn.)

train ahet ka? (sent from Dombivli)

what stause

are the trains on time???? (sent from Vikhroli)

is any problem between thane to kajur marg bcoz within half an hour no slow trains arriving at kanjur marg (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)

what is the local train online app

I am at dadar station. What about train towards titwala station 

what is status thane to csmt (sent from Thane Stn.)

what abt asangaon train (sent from Turbhe)

cst to thane status?

what about CST to Thane side? (sent from Byculla Stn.)

same 2 you ,are thane mumbra train on time ?

dombiwali to Thane Kya Condition???

central status now ? 

cst -kalyan trains? (sent from Charni Road)

why train delay today

aaj central mein mega block hai kya?

thane varna 8.25 chi fast kuthlya platform la lagte..?

Thank to those who have send their responce (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)

is central line trains running on time ? (sent from Vile Parle)

what about harbour from panvel to shivadi (sent from Sewri)

are trains are running on time or not ? (sent from Thane Stn.)

9.18 karjat from kalyan .. where is it right now? (sent from Kalyan)

any trains for Ambernath, badlaour? 

for trains update join what app gropp ..@7718050505 (sent from Thakurli Stn.)

Thane to cstm slow train status ???? (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)

what about today's train status? trains are running on time or not? (sent from Parel)

6:10 thane fast???  (sent from Dadar Stn.)

what is the train status from kurla down line (sent from Govandi Stn.)

train chalu ahe ka ??????????? (sent from Kanjur Marg)

?????  (sent from Kurla)

karjat to cst trains update please?? (sent from Palasdhari)

Are share autos outside manjur marg or vikhroli stations working? कांजुर मार्ग किव्हा विक्रोळी स्थानाकाबाहेरील रिक्षा सुरू आहेत का?

Thane to airoli koe problem hai ?  (sent from Vidyavihar)

any where water logging in track (sent from Vikhroli)

a

Trains From Kurla To Vikhroli are Running or not? (sent from Kurla)

is this trains are running pune to dadar (sent from Bhandup)

are trains to thane on time?  (sent from Ghatkopar)

what is the status of kalyan TO CSMT trains

ambarnath to Cst trains chalu aahet ka?

what is the status from badlapur to CSMT local trains

Thane to badlapur status ??

dadar to cst??? (sent from Bandra Stn.)

badlpr to CST train status ? (sent from Ambernath)

what's the situation of trains beyond thane to kalyan (sent from Koparkhairne Stn.)

thane to Kurla train are running or not 

what about thane to kalyan (sent from Rabale)

is there any train from mumbra (sent from Mumbra Stn.)

hinhgad express train status? (sent from Karjat Stn.)

kalyan se konsa train nikla kya towards CSMT ? (sent from Dombivli)

why?? (sent from Dadar)

domb to dadar????? (sent from Dombivli)

any update on central railway ? (sent from Mulund)

are trains running from Thane towards Kalyan ? 

jaychi soy aahe yaychi pn hoil na? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

pls confirm tomorrow dt-10.07.2018. dealy or not? 

what is the status of train from thane to kalyan

cst to jalyan train running?

what about karjat to cst is the tarin on time (sent from Karjat Stn.)

train are on time?

what about khopoli & karjat route?

9.47. kalyan dadar status?? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

is there any to app to buys local train tickets (sent from Andheri Stn.)

where is 9.29 train.. Klayan to CST slow? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

how late are trains from kalyan to cst

Railway Staff Please Start any inquiry number or help line number that we called or give  a miss call and we know the status of train so we live from our home. Thanks

how much late? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

any ??? a hell loy (sent from Nahur Stn.)

Suvida express nikli kya CST se ? (sent from Thane)

is tomorrow megablock and what time and where (sent from Asangaon Stn.)

where is kasara local (sent from Thane Stn.)

dombivli to thane status? (sent from Dombivli)

what's  the status of train ambernath to dadar

train is running on time? (sent from Vithalwadi)

kasara fast train time pe hai kya?  (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

Any issues in train line??  (sent from Badlapur)

ambernath se thane chalu h kya train? (sent from Vithalwadi)

Kalyan to Karjat?? (sent from Mulund)

tommorow kurla to csmt in morning timing? (sent from Kurla)

kurla station la train  slow aahet ka? (sent from Vikhroli)

? (sent from Airoli Stn.)

sion pe kya haal hai??

central local trains running on time or what

आणि बस? (sent from Navade Road)

Is there water logging on Kalyan station tracks ? (sent from Vithalwadi)

Hi trains are working?  (sent from Shahad)

nahur to csmt ?  (sent from Nahur Stn.)

train chalu hai? (sent from Nahur)

ahe

kasara train ka haal kya hai kaha tk ja rahi hai train.....????

What's the update (sent from Mahim Jn)

What is the status kurla to dombivli? 

I'm in karjat train which just departure from badlapur (sent from Badlapur Stn.)

shahad to cst trains are running? (sent from Shahad)

y trains are delayed today? (sent from Bhandup Stn.)

Byculla to kurla ...?? any update (sent from Sandhurst Road)

central line karjat train chal rahi hai?  (sent from Charni Road Stn.)

kalwa sathi konti train ahe ka? dadar te  (sent from Vile Parle)

what about titwala and kasara train (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

what is the status from. bhandup to cst (sent from Bhandup)

bahar baarish gir rhi kya...chaata leke niklu kya? (sent from Mulund)

what is the status abt cst to ghatkopar? (sent from Mahalakshmi Stn.)

trains from Ghatkopar to thane? (sent from Andheri Stn.)

kurla to ghatkopar working? (sent from Nerul Stn.)

????

what is positions form cst station to thane (sent from Mulund Stn.)

dadar se thane chalu hai kya?  (sent from Dadar)

is train running from Bhandup to Kalyan? (sent from Nahur)

kopar to bhiwandi train 10:13 am train ha aaj  ??? (sent from Kalyan)

Is it only me or someone else also wonders who is this Thane User guy who keeps posting the arrival of trains all day long 🤔

what is problem in fast track between kalyan thane 

pls  some one  who  is  already  in  train  pls  update the status of train  (sent from Dombivli)

ulhasnagar to cst status??  (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

what is status of trains in central line? (sent from Ghatkopar)

what has happened? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

kurla to dadar condition?? (sent from Kurla Stn.)

what is a train status

are trains from Ulhasnagar to thane on time?

has water logged anywhere?  (sent from Mulund)

why are d central trains late (sent from Bhandup)

what about trains from mulund to badlapur? does anybody know about that?

any status for Karjat Train? (sent from Thane Stn.)

what is status for slow local for csmt (sent from Thane Stn.)

what is the train status from ambernath to cstm (sent from Ambernath)

so there is no block in thane ? (sent from Kalyan)

what's about kurla

why trains are late ...

Thane se CST train chal rahi hai na? (sent from Cst)

are trains running on time? reply karo yaar 11 baje exam hai thane mein  (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

where is 6.29 Thane train from cst? (sent from Kurla Stn.)

R trains running towards Karjat....???? (sent from Cst Stn.)

central line Train are moving or not ?? (sent from Dadar Stn.)

what is status of central line train s (sent from Thakurli Stn.)

kalyan se slow trains ja rahi hai kya?

are trains running from byculla to vidyavihar? (sent from Grant Road)

hey guys I am making new what app group for train updates .... do u want to join ...  (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

train status from ambernath to thane?

Is trains are running on tym????  (sent from Ambernath)

what happened between kurla n sion ??? (sent from Chunabhatti)

anybody in 9.47 from kalyan? (sent from Kalyan)

fast train status ? (sent from Mulund Stn.)

what is the issue (sent from Vasind Stn.)

can anyone tell me what us the status in dombivli??? is it safe to travel from dombivli to cst?  (sent from Dombivli)

trains running okn time ???? (sent from Matunga Stn.)

local train is running on time? (sent from Titwala Stn.)

are trains running from thane to titwala and what about their crowd status (sent from Khandeshwar)

are trains on time? (sent from Shahad)

what is the status of central lines locals going towards CST????

is there water logging in Thane  (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

r trains working from kalyan ? 

are trains on time? (sent from Badlapur)

koi na kuch der me short out bhi ho jayega shayad? (sent from Sion Stn.)

is cst -thane trains r on time????

bhai log Karajat sathi train chalu ahet ka ?? (sent from Thane Stn.)

are trains running from Andheri to CST???  (sent from Jogeshwari)

hii everyone pls if some have proper information then plz tell what about the trains In central or western it's on time....

are trains running from chembur to kurla?? (sent from Vile Parle)

Are the trains running on time? (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)

how much delayed the train will be?

train ko bhagao. ye btao office pe bandh nhi h kya .. ??😅😅

what is the status of train from Dombivali to cst?

any trains from dadar to thane? (sent from Parel Stn.)

trains from sion to dombivli?? (sent from Sion)

are trains working on time?  (sent from Thakurli)

heavy rain doesn't affect the train????? (sent from Koparkhairne)

Asangaon fast on time?? (sent from Bhandup Stn.)

is there any movement of slow train? (sent from Tilak Nagar)

where is asangaon train??? (sent from Thane Stn.)

what is status from kalwa to bhandup (sent from Kalva)

trains are running on time? (sent from Dombivli)

central line any update? (sent from Govandi)

status from cst to kalyan ? (sent from Masjid)

dadar to thane ? 

what about karjat to csmt status (sent from Vangani)

 ‌Anybody outside dombival station please update if anna selling idli dosa today?

any update  thane and mulund  about train?? (sent from Mumbra)

kalyan janeke liye train sahi hai kya?? (sent from Bhandup)

any update Dombivali to Kalwa? (sent from Dombivli)

trains are late??? (sent from Dombivli)

what is status of karajat and thane train.. (sent from Bhivpuriroad Stn.)

train is on time?? (sent from Kopar Stn.)

Ambernath to CST trains are running? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

what about central trains

which on3s.. (sent from Mulund Stn.)

parel to thane train working ? (sent from Lower Parel)

Ambernath to sion train are running? 

10.16 ki CST kasara fast local kaha pochi he? pls reply

where is (ghatkoper) 2:40 train CST fast now? (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)

next train kabh hai?

kalyan ro CST road clear hai kya....?  (sent from Kopar Stn.)

what is status of local train from ghatkopar

kurla to kalyan fast train chalu aahe ka? (sent from Mankhurd Stn.)

up trains from Kalyan??

trains are in time? (sent from Ghatkopar)

Kalyan to Thane train status...?

8:39 mins slow local for karjat from Kalyan where it's reach (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

where is Karjat train?  (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

trains are late ya smoothly working?  (sent from Tilak Nagar)

CST to Vikhroli ? 

Is Pragati express cancelled?  (sent from Bandra Stn.)

 trains running from dombivli to mulund? (sent from Dombivli)

what is status  please reply (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

shahad ko Kalyan trains on time ?? (sent from Shahad Stn.)

is it advisable to travel today by local ?? (sent from Shahad)

Ambernath se csmt train chalu he kay ?   (sent from Ambernath)

People who have left home and no other option other than going office are the ones posting "Trains are running smoothly".

what is problem (sent from Nahur)

Trains chalu ahe ka?

fast train on time pe h kya????  (sent from Nahur)

trains status ??

Is it packed...? (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

Dombivli to Vidyavihar trains are running or not? (sent from Dombivli)

where is kalyan local

ghatkopar to cst ? running ? (sent from Koparkhairne)

train time pe hai kiya titwala se?? (sent from Titwala)

train from CST to neral?? (sent from Cst Stn.)

what's the train status...

what about between kurla and dadar (sent from Kalva)

I need updates from dombivali to kanjur ...anyone could help me out ..? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

formal announcement trains are late by 20 to 25 minutes. so you can imagine actually how late trains are running

I want to know whether fast train from CST to Kalyan stopped at byculla or not?

what is the status of kasara trains? (sent from Kalyan)

trains to kalyan  -  thane r running? 

what about todays tran pposition from thane to Karjat. (sent from Thane)

is kasara train is on time??

what is the status of badlapur (sent from Badlapur)

Ulhasnagar se cst train chalu h kya? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

what is the tomorrow central railway condition pls fast report (sent from Lower Parel)

Byculla to thane??? (sent from Sandhurst Road)

Kurla to Thane trains? (sent from Tilak Nagar Stn.)

Dadar vikroli train status? (sent from Dadar)

Thane se badlapur tarin shuru hai Kay..? (sent from Rabale)

any clear idea why trains are running late? (sent from Airoli)

Kindly know what is the status of vikhroli to ambernath train (sent from Vikhroli)

is it still raining at kurla and dadar? (sent from Vikhroli)

vashi to thane problem hai kya? (sent from Vashi Stn.)

दादर - कल्याण कोकल ट्रेन वेळेवर आहेत का ? (sent from Vidyavihar)

people who are at station kindly inform about the train status (sent from Shahad)

karjat gadi?????  (sent from Badlapur Stn.)

center train running properly ?? (sent from Bhandup)

is there any problem for kalyan to ulhasnagar 

Titwala se Matunga train time pe hai kya ??? (sent from Titwala Stn.)

how much late???

trains started or not from Badlapur to CST....??? (sent from Badlapur)

what's the status (sent from Andheri Stn.)

what is status frm kurla towards kalyan?

plzz ??? (sent from Shahad Stn.)

kaise pata Chala ? (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)

What about Ambernath to CST ? 

are central railway trains on time?  (sent from Borivali)

is it slow train working or not..?? from kalva towards klyan

seems like a bot deployed by m- indicator to auto update train updates for major stations, funny thing is bot goes off when needed like during major train delays (sent from Shahad)

what about kanjurmarg to thane

asangaon to cst trains chalu aahet ka?

thana train are working? 

dadar ro thana kahi prob nahi naa?

what is the status of up & down slow train?  (sent from Vidyavihar Stn.)

 karjat to cstm status? (sent from Vithalwadi Stn.)

Kalyan to cst train chalu hai kya ? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

10.49 ki thane train ambernath running late ?

sion to matunga ?

dadar se kasar train jaa rahi hai?  (sent from Malad Stn.)

and in thane??? (sent from Badlapur)

Thane - Vashi ??? (sent from Vithalwadi)

People who are praying that there should be floods just because we don't want to go office but there are thousands of people (including slums) who will suffer due to heavy rains.

thane to CSMT status.?

sion ka kya status ha I ??

what's the status of trains from Parel to Kalyan? (sent from Elphinstone Road Stn.)

thane to badalapur train??

I'm asking if trains are late or in time? 

dadar to thane...kya status hai??

trains running normal? 

 cst pasun train chalu aahet ka?  (sent from Karjat)

Asangaon ki train nikli kya ? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

is the train right time (sent from Kalyan)

ulhas nagar to thane train's are running???? (sent from Ambernath)

train on time or what

where is kasara train, it left shahad? (sent from Shahad)

cst to dombivali fast trains are available???  is train working on time??? (sent from Masjid Stn.)

 I took a train from Ghatkopar station 4:07 kasara  SF which game at 4:50 but now I have reached Kopar station  (sent from Kopar Stn.)

is trains working properly? (sent from Lower Parel)

where is badlapur to cst local at 1:22 from badlapur (sent from Badlapur Stn.)

trains are running from kalyan to cst???  slow

What is a conditions of kasara side trains? are they on time? (sent from Vikhroli)

Thane to ambernath trains are running??  Pls confirm.

what's the issue , badlapur train stranded on down fast track since last half hour (sent from Kalyan)

thank u all for posting current railway info... plz keep update who are still travelling or stuck, let not get more ppl stuck in this situation. Thank you (sent from Grant Road Stn.)

why its halt (sent from Kurla)

बदलापूर ट्रेन कुठे आहे? (sent from Ambernath Stn.)

are the trains running on time?  (sent from Badlapur Stn.)

hi guys i have to reach lonavala , please can you tell me the route as to how i can reach there ??? (sent from Chembur)

is train on time? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

wht about Kanjur Marg to Vithalwadi ????

what happens on the Central line,Train stuck @ Dadar almost 15 min (sent from Parel Stn.)

where is khopoli train (sent from Thane)

ghatkopar to kurla status? 

plz help mi to kasara train when will be reach at kalyan  (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

??? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

At Byculla now!How r central line trains? (sent from Byculla Stn.)

anyone outside of kurla stn plz cheak if idali wada person selling today.?

what is the situation from dadar to thane? (sent from Santa Cruz)

which mega blog is going on? 

what's update on today train

is Trains r late ??? in central Line (sent from Badlapur)

central trains on time? 

Kalyan to badlapur downside??? (sent from Airoli Stn.)

is Thane to CSTM trains are opertional ?

what about kasara to cst???

what is the status of sion station (sent from Churchgate)

what about kalyan to diva trains (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

what about todays train status working or not

kasara to dadar chalu hai Kya? (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)

what is status Thane to cst

thane to dadar ???? (sent from Airoli Stn.)

Is tea stall outside thank station open???

mumbar sey CST k liya train chalo hai Kiya?

dombivali to cst?

are trains running properly between thane to badlapur?

who is asking trains are on time, with such a huge downpour how the trains will even run

are trains running on time? (sent from Ghatkopar)

dombivli me jo b hai plz batao cst k liye trains h? (sent from Dombivli)

where is the udyan express (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

what is problem

what is the status of karjat to cst

is there megablock scheduled on Sunday 8 July? (sent from Airoli Stn.)

what is d status of central line (sent from Bandra)

any problem near Kalyan?? train not moved from 20 mins (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

what is the issue (sent from Dombivli)

those who want to see Crowdless railway trains... Today is the day (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

it will start soon? (sent from Neral Stn.)

mumbai to kalyan ?? (sent from Kalyan)

which station. Pls mention (sent from Kalva)

thane to vikroli trains working ?

how you expect them to be on time. chal rhe honge wo bhi badi baat hai

anybody in Ghatkopar. why train late (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)

8.36 CST thane train status ?  (sent from Chinchpokli Stn.)

thane to karjat trn status?  (sent from Vikhroli)

कल्याण वरून csmt कडे ट्रेन चालू आहेत का??

dombivali to cst??? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

Is there train from sion to Thane please update  (sent from Kings Circle Stn.)

thane to cst chalu hai?? (sent from Masjid Stn.)

train chalu hai kya guys ? 

why the trains are late towards cst?  (sent from Kurla Stn.)

kalyan to thane railway root working?

Bhadup Me Train aa Rahi hai kya time pr?

what is status from Kurla to Kalyan? (sent from Kurla)

central line Trains are working or not?

trains from mumbra to kasara is working??? 

should i go to sion today? (sent from Diva Jn)

is there any train stopped at vitthalvadi stn going towards csmt (sent from Vashi)

what is the status in Dom to sion

r the train running from kanjurmarg to Dombivli? 

bhadup to CST chalu hai kay....?  (sent from Panvel)

is there any water lagging in kurla or Sion ? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

are trains running from karjat station?  (sent from Shahad)

what is the train status from kanjurmarg to kalyan

17017 what schedule sir? 

what is the train status from Kalwa to Badlapur?? (sent from Kalva)

what's d status of Central lines from Dadar towards cst (sent from Elphinstone Road)

Ambernath to Thane Chalu Aahe Ka?

Dadar se asangaon train chaloo hai kaya ? (sent from Dadar Stn.)

kalyan to thane chalu hai kya? (sent from Thakurli)

what Abt Kurla to Dombivli?? (sent from Vidyavihar Stn.)

parel to sion???? (sent from Elphinstone Road Stn.)

Hello All, I'm in CSTM fast local which leaves Kalyan at 10:26AM. Crossed Thane and reached Ghatkopar without any issues. There is no water logging. Everything is clear. But yes trains are 30 minutes late. So plan your travel accordingly.  The rain has also stopped. You can venture out of your homes (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

What is train status (badalpur) (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

Thane to dombivli trains available or not?? (sent from Nerul Stn.)

is there train for badlapur (sent from Kanjur Marg)

thane to vashi suru aahet ka? (sent from Kalva)

Is there any disturbance in badlapur to cst train timing (sent from Badlapur)

any train from titwala side? (sent from Shahad Stn.)

whats the status of 9.29 kalyan to cst local ?? reached thane ?? (sent from Borivali Stn.)

kalyan to mulund train chalu ahe Kay?  (sent from Kalyan)

towards??

status abt thane - kurla??

train chal rahe hai kya thane to Dadar?

what time will reach kalyan (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

Karjat to Kalyan ??

any news ? (sent from Matunga Stn.)

what about western line? (sent from Kalyan)

is there megablock on tomorrow on centre line  (sent from Diva Jn)

hey are the trains running?

are trains working?? 

any train coming in panvel to Thane?? (sent from Panvel Stn.)

trains are running or Not? (sent from Thane Stn.)

what is the problem in slow track frm Thane to titwala (sent from Thane)

is there waterlogging in Sion matunga?

badlapur to cst train is on time???

can any one update what is the status from kalyan to kanjurmarg

plz tel me what's status r gatkopar to thane (sent from Chembur)

are they late or something? (sent from Sandhurst Road Stn.)

dombivali to CSMT?  (sent from Kopar)

is there any train from Thane  To Dader. (sent from Ghansoli Stn.)

nahur to cst?? (sent from Nahur Stn.)

Are trains in the central line on time? (sent from Byculla)

cst ke lia train milegi kya?! ghatkopar se?! (sent from Vidyavihar Stn.)

is there mega block today

where is last local to CSMT..? 

please share why slow trains are halt at nahur (sent from Nahur Stn.)

any problems? pls update (sent from Kanjur Marg)

mulund to ghatkopar?

is trains running upward from sion to Dadar?? 

what is the running status of local train between dombivali to cst (sent from Kopar)

?  (sent from Ghatkopar)

kurla se thane chalu aahe ka?  (sent from Mankhurd Stn.)

what is situation at thane and Vikhroili west  (sent from Airoli)

is 11.05 train on time from Shahad??  (sent from Shahad)

kalyan  se  cst  fast  train  chalu he ki nehi?? (sent from Kalyan)

train are running proper or not?? (sent from Bhivpuriroad Stn.)

position of central line train from curray rd? (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)

thane down trains??? (sent from Thane)

pls anyone tell me kalyan to Badlapur trains working or not

what about kula to titwala

what is current status in ambernath?

Where is the Asangaon Train now?? (sent from Titwala Stn.)

how are the trains functioning (sent from Nahur)

karjat to kalyn train chalu aahet ka? (sent from Karjat Stn.)

kaha pr tuti he taar? (sent from Mulund)

what is train status from badlapur to cst?

what happened on fast down track (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

thane se aage ja rahe hai kya trains? (sent from Mulund)

any train towards thane?  (sent from Byculla)

?? (sent from Kurla)

what about Thane to Vikroli train status?  (sent from Koparkhairne)

any problem at thane station?

who told u i just came from thane station ... announcing for late running (sent from Thane Stn.)

any update   vikhroli to mumbra???? (sent from Vikhroli)

why the train is stopped in csmt

is Sion station waterlogged? Thane - CSMT (from Thane) (sent from Thane)

central railway mail express time pe hai Kya???

what happened train are late 

what's the train on dombivili to cst

airoli to thane? (sent from Chembur)

are the train's from Kalyan towards CST running smoothly?

anybody is knowing abt the issue...???

what about down fast trains  (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)

Vidyavihar to Kalyan working? (sent from Vidyavihar Stn.)

train status from dombivali to Ghatkopar? (sent from Ghatkopar)

what is the kalyan to titwala updated

  what about matunga-thane? (sent from Vadala Road)

what are status of Kalyan station (sent from Khadavli Stn.)

train status?

What Is The Latest Updates From Thane To CST

what is the status of cst to kalyan  (sent from Masjid Stn.)

train status? (sent from Kalyan)

dadar to thane..!?

Thane to Kalyan...??? (sent from Seawood Darave)

Is Thane Badlapur trains are running..? (sent from Rabale Stn.)

Is Local train working properly.?

Is there traffic in Thane-Dadar train at 8:15 on any day? (sent from Thane)

mumbra to dadar train chalu he kya.¿?? plz tell me (sent from Kanjur Marg)

is there any water logging??

train status?? (sent from Matunga Road Stn.)

karjat from kalyan?? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

from Thane to vashi??

what is the status of central railways (sent from Ghatkopar)

Thane auto and Bus update ?? (sent from Charni Road)

can anyone tell me when the Kalyan bridge on platform no:-2 will repair and open

r u sure?

it's little akword question but are the express train reaching till LTT or they have changed the destined station?

any updates?

is it raining heavily in Mumbai? 

central line chalu hai right ? (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)

dadar to thane? (sent from Nalla Sopara)

cst to Thane have train?  (sent from Cst Stn.)

thane to catch trains update please?

status from kurla towards karjat ? (sent from Chembur)

may i know the status of CST- kasara Local? (sent from Kasara Stn.)

Dadar to CST trains running fine??  (sent from Elphinstone Road)

thank to cst ??

parel jaana he hamko ...kurla to parel chalu je kya..? anyone reply please....  (sent from Chunabhatti)

cst to thane train r running?

trains are late????

central  line ka kya haal he?  (sent from Mulund Stn.)

kuch b!!... aur woh chat messages dek k kya karega??...  instead trains shud b enabled with gps technology so that mindicator can update their live status (sent from Mulund)

central line ok ahe ka??

r trains towards kalyan on time???? (sent from Mumbai Central)

Dombivli Vrun 7:29 aali ka ?? (sent from Dombivli)

it's raining Mumbai??  (sent from Vangani Stn.)

train is running? (sent from Sandhurst Road Stn.)

what happen in central line, y there is no train for cst (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

diva to ghatkoper chalu ahet ka???

what about vasai diva passenger?

what is the issue at central line

what is train status thane (sent from Cst Stn.)

badlapur train?  (sent from Bandra)

kurla to kalyan trains?  (sent from Chunabhatti)

why... (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

where Kasara train reached now?  (sent from Badlapur)

cst to thane?  (sent from Churchgate)

kal trains challu rehne wali he na? (sent from Mulund Stn.)

9.29 from badlapur?

still any water logging in Thane? (sent from Charni Road Stn.)

how to reach Haji Ali dargha from mankhurd

Byculla to Thane ? (sent from Byculla Stn.)

what is the central line status (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)

mumbra to Dadar Ka kya status h trains r running or not..?? (sent from Mumbra)

what's the situation of kalyan to CSTM trains, ?

what about crowd? (sent from Thane)

train is working properly from byculla to duva? please update  (sent from Byculla Stn.)

train status to csmt? (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

is there any issue in CR ? 7:43 Badlapur down train is halted near Kalwa for more than 30 mins  (sent from Kalva Stn.)

is the central line working fine??..delayed is ok (sent from Dadar Stn.)

Shahad to Thane??? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

Badlapur varun cst sathi train aahe ka?  (sent from Badlapur Stn.)

mumbra to shahad train running properly or not????

from Sion to ghatkopar are they working? (sent from Gtb Nagar Stn.)

what is the status of center line railway (sent from Rabale)

are csmt Kalyan working?  (sent from Chinchpokli Stn.)

why fast train stuck near to kalyan sation ?? (sent from Kalyan)

what is the status of Thane - CST train services (sent from Mulund)

Train to kalyan running or not

Hi , karjat to cst fast time pe hai kya??

what is status from kopar to ghatkopar (sent from Dombivli)

what about trains those are going from kasara to thane (sent from Shahad)

what is current status of trains ?  (sent from Badlapur Stn.)

titwala train?

what's the problem with central trains ??

trains to CST working from vidyavihar? (sent from Vidyavihar Stn.)

what is current position of train n ulhasnagar railway station 

why trains r not moving from kalyan  (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

Is there any problems between Kalyan to Badlapur  (sent from Ambernath)

where is 8.03 karajat  (sent from Thane Stn.)

what's train status from badlapur stn

where is titwala train slow (sent from Ambivli Stn.)

what's the status of thane CST trains?

बदलापुर ते कल्याण पर्यंत रेल्वे चालू आहे का ? (sent from Badlapur)

whether thane to kalyan trains are working ??

Thane to Ambarnath or Badlapur? (sent from Thane Stn.)

From Thane???  (sent from Thane Stn.)

ambarnath se train hai kya? (sent from Ambernath)

what about kalyan to thane train? (sent from Thane)

what is time of today's megablock on central line

10.06 kalyan starting  local..where is it ? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

ट्रेन वेळेवर आहेत का? 

are u sure?  (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

anyone got train to cst before thane stn? like Kalwa Mumbra Dombivli  (sent from Thane Stn.)

train frm Cst to Kalyan working on not? 

wat abt dombivali to mulund how is the situation ?

is there megablock tommorow

Any update regarding train? (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)

any update on down train from cstm?

what's train status towards CST (sent from Mulund)

what abt dombivli to dadar trains r their (sent from Dombivli)

whats d status for trains between cst to kurla??

trains late ahet ka? (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)

that is why i am requesting ppl to stop nisleading others! (sent from Mulund)

kasara train working? 

All trains are running only 10 to 20 minutes delay, no water logging at any station, take your bag and move to office, Most of peoples who don't want to go office are asking questions, while others are reaching office.  (sent from Shahad Stn.)

please read chat .. (sent from Vithalwadi)

Kalyan to csmt trains are going or not? (sent from Kalyan)

train running on time or not

what has happened in kurla

 where is 15car Kalyan fast??? (sent from Mulund Stn.)

trains are proper on time or not

is the train late?? 

what is the status at dombivali to dadar (sent from Currey Road)

sion station,  water logging are there?  (sent from Thane)

is 8.45 from badlapur on time? (sent from Badlapur)

what is the status of train Dadar to Ghatkopar (sent from Virar)

KARJAT line chalu ahe ka? 

Wat's the status of Central line??  (sent from Lower Parel)

work sucks and you wanna kick the boss out of a window ? (sent from Thane)

what about khopoli train r it working (sent from Mumbra Stn.)

what about dadar to Kalyan (sent from Mahalakshmi Stn.)

Are the trains proper from thakurli to sion? (sent from Thakurli Stn.)

what is the train status?

are trains on time? (sent from Thakurli Stn.)

??  (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)

Kurla to Kalyan status ??? (sent from Kurla)

Ghatkoper to cst what is train time?  (sent from Chembur)

thane to kurla?

Where is 3.57 dadr trn from kurla (sent from Dadar Stn.)

where u want to go (sent from Juinagar)

any idea when will trains resume from Thane?  (sent from Thane Stn.)

what about cst slow train from kalyan

what is running status of trains from dombivali to thane?? (sent from Nilje)

wht abt thane panvale rout?

trains are running on time Or not? (sent from Thakurli)

it's almost evening then also some people's are keep on asking, is train running on time ? 😜 (sent from Thane Stn.)

thank you.. so now dombivli to cst trains are running properly!? right!? (sent from Dombivli)

thane to dadar?

what is happening!?  (sent from Kopar Stn.)

what is train status from CST to down local side (sent from Vikhroli)

बदलापूर ते ठाणे ट्रेन काय परिस्थिती आहे ? (sent from Sanpada Stn.)

what is the status of central line trains today?? are they running or not? 

what about central line 

central line train are on time? (sent from Kurla)

what's problem in Kalyan? (sent from Thakurli)

what is status of train (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

how s situation between ghatkopar to Parel ? (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)

current status of CSMT to Kalyan?? (sent from Elphinstone Road)

is trains running from Ghatkopar to Thane?

what is the status of train (sent from Rabale)

nahur to cst ? (sent from Nahur Stn.)

what happened train halt near kalwa (sent from Kalva Stn.)

what's the status of trains towards cst? (sent from Byculla)

are trains running on central properly??

What's the status of trains from karjat to Dombivli 

shahad to Thane trains are on time? 

how late are the trains.. (sent from Airoli)

what's the status of water logging at kurla/Sion?

barobar naa rukhsar?  (sent from Vidyavihar Stn.)

going regular??? (sent from Kalva)

ghatkopar se kalyan local chalu hai kya? (sent from Andheri)

tommrow mega block which stn?  hai

what about Badlapur to catch?  (sent from Badlapur)

what about kasara train (sent from Titwala Stn.)

plz update.. i need to reach mulund from kalyan.. what is current sts of trains running??  (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

what is the position of water logging at kirla sion (sent from Nahur Stn.)

trains are on time?

are the trains towards thane from cst running fine right now? 

what is the train running situation from titwala to cst (sent from Titwala)

 what is the status of trains from Ghatkopar to Kalyan  (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

does anyone know where is 10.39 khopoli train from thane?  (sent from Thane Stn.)

dadar to cst train chalu ahe ka? (sent from Churchgate)

what about karjat train (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

is there trian available from Ghatkopar to Badlapur ..

is it train is running ? (sent from Gtb Nagar)

is there heavy rain in south Mumbai.. it will be easy tk predict if train will stop or not

Is central line working Normally? (sent from Airoli Stn.)

US trains are running from Thane to cstm?  (sent from Koparkhairne)

is there any fast local towards cst (sent from Thane Stn.)

any issue with central line trains?

trains chalu aahet ka from Dadar to Badlapur? (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)

shahad se train hai kya? (sent from Shahad Stn.)

what is the delay time of the central line train

kurla tak train ja rahe hai kya? Harbar line chalu hai kya? (sent from Thakurli Stn.)

vashi trains are running on time ? (sent from Dahisar)

where is the fast train which have the arrival time is 1pm on thane station for khopoli (sent from Thane Stn.)

Train status in thane? (sent from Dadar)

kalyan to cst? (sent from Vithalwadi)

what is the status on ce

what about khopoli train? (sent from Badlapur)

central line status???

What is the status of kurla to Dadar?  (sent from Vadala Road Stn.)

any fast train left from kalyan??? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

is there any issue for trains from Kalyan  (sent from Kalyan)

is there mega block from thane to ghatkopar (sent from Andheri)

what is the in central line (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)

where is cst to kasara 11.46 local (sent from Titwala Stn.)

curry road to Thane ? chalu hai Kay dear please reply (sent from Lower Parel)

is trn running frm bdl to cst? (sent from Badlapur)

any update on central line?

kalyan to thane trains he kya? (sent from Kalyan)

what is train status from Thane to Karjat tr

Kya heavy rains ki wajah se central line bandh ho gayi?  (sent from Dahisar)

what is current suburban train status (sent from Kalyan)

what is the status of central local down  (sent from Vidyavihar)

what's the downside train status? are Kasara asangaon trains running on time 

and what a out towards Thane is it working? (sent from Kanjur Marg)

??? (sent from Bhandup)

Trains are there?  (sent from Dombivli)

is it going smoothly till kurla?? pls tell update 😥 (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

Local Status ? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

slow trains are running?? (sent from Elphinstone Road Stn.)

1:31 chi kasara nighali ka kasarya varun? (sent from Asangaon Stn.)

is trains raining from kalyan to sion?s

Central local Trains movement chalu hai kya?  (sent from Diva Jn)

कल्याण स्टेशन वर पाणी आहे का ट्रॅक मध्ये? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

what's the status of sion station

trains working central line?? (sent from Parel)

train chalu hai?

trains where super late. however rolling on tracks. I took a train from thane towards cst 12.54 fast and reached byculla by 2.30 (sent from Lower Parel)

what about Badlapur 

thane to cst train working?  (sent from Thane)

fast are running ? (sent from Sandhurst Road Stn.)

shahad thane train chalu aahe ka?

what is the current status of central railway?? (sent from Elphinstone Road)

by how much time (sent from Airoli Stn.)

started from where?

from nahur to cst? (sent from Nahur Stn.)

hi any one know what's the issue 

what is the status for cstm till kalyan? is train working?  (sent from Mumbra)

is central line trn r on time??? 

what the central railway status

what is the train status from kalyan to pune (sent from Kopar Stn.)

ghatkoper to Karla working? 

dadar to karjat trains are workking? (sent from Vile Parle)

what is status of kalyan station now trains got on track or not

train are running?

WHAT IS CURRENT STATUS OF FAST TRAIN FROM KALYAN (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

train on time or not ? (sent from Badlapur)

cst till dombivli are working on time?? pls update (sent from Cst Stn.)

kalyan to csmt slow train chal rahi he kya? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

badlapur train ayya kurlA? down train? (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

kurla se kalyan ja rahi h train? (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

how much delayed vasind to kasara train  (sent from Vasind Stn.)

what is the status of Shalimar ltt express (sent from Sion Stn.)

where is 1:14 csmt train (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)

train right time he kya?? (sent from Thane Stn.)

whole world knows when rains starts obviously trains will be late and some stupid and morons are asking same question train time pe hai kya ? (sent from Thakurli Stn.)

kal hi to megablock liya tha?? (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)

what is status of train from ambernath to cst

are trains running in central line ??

train running or not 

what about Mulund station??  are trains running on time?  (sent from Mulund)

what is Ohe (sent from Chinchpokli Stn.)

kasar line train is on time??? (sent from Dombivli)

karjat to CSMT trains are working?? (sent from Karjat)

what abt the metro ?? (sent from Marine Lines Stn.)

curry rd to dombivali trains?? (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)

are train running on central line?  (sent from Badlapur Stn.)

what about slow train from cst to thane (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)

what is the status of trains from Thane to dadar

Ghatkopar to cstm fine ?

ghatkoper te kalyan chalu ahet ka?

anything about shahad to thane train status?  (sent from Shahad)

Is there trains available to csmt (sent from Vidyavihar Stn.)

wat abt train update in thane??

hello.. what's is the central line trains status. (sent from Kalyan)

vik to Dadar chalu hein kya? (sent from Vikhroli)

is train working from shahad? (sent from Shahad Stn.)

there is no train for khopoli to kasara what i meant was khopoli to cstm

what is d status of cst fast from thane

Are trains running on time? (sent from Dombivli)

what r current status of trains from Dombivli to Mumbai?? (sent from Dombivli)

is iddli guy there at CST? (sent from Kings Circle Stn.)

in kalyan what is the status (sent from Bhandup Stn.)

is 12146 puri exp on time?

from last 3 hours Habib gunj express stop on titwala stn why every time this train stop every 3 or 4 hours stopped without any reason  (sent from Titwala Stn.)

is trains are on time? (sent from Vidyavihar)

bhai jane k liye rasta hai ya nahi ??? (sent from Ambernath)

okkk train bandh hai kya?? (sent from Dombivli)

what is status thane to Kalyan train (sent from Sanpada Stn.)

pura saal bunk karke aaj hi Jaana hai? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

Is train going from ghatkopar to thane?  (sent from Lower Parel)

Which station  had wire issue??? (sent from Thane)

where is 651 thane Badlapur train  (sent from Mumbra Stn.)

everyone stop!!! Instead of asking questions, can someone just keep on updating what is the status of trains??  (sent from Rabale)

I want to go to CST (from Ghatkopar), would that be safe?  (sent from Ghatkopar)

Aaj Megablock Kitne Baaje Se Hai??

what's the status of trains???? 

some  one from railway department , can tell us what is the issue at Central line (sent from Shahad Stn.)

ghatkopar to dadar i eorking or not?  (sent from Ghatkopar)

why train late  (sent from Belapur Cbd Stn.)

any fast trains from kalyan? (sent from Dombivli)

are trains running from thane to badlapur? (sent from Koparkhairne)

what is status about train  (sent from Ambernath)

what is status fast local towards cstm (sent from Vasind)

plz update ,, people who are there on station waiting for train

any update for Currey road to Vikhroli? (sent from Currey Road Stn.)

and what's the situation from turbhe to thane (sent from Turbhe Stn.)

On Which Station Has Kasara CST Fast Local Reached (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

what about khopoli train is running (sent from Mumbra Stn.)

Are the Asangoan trains running?? (sent from Kalva Stn.)

Are Train coming at mumbra station?  (sent from Mumbra)

yes man wat abt amb?? (sent from Ambernath)

badlapur train status? (sent from Thane Stn.)

is anyone at the badlapur station pls do tell the status ..train going towards cst are on time or not? (sent from Badlapur)

kanjurmarg to Dombivli.. status?  (sent from Jogeshwari)

what an about down trains (sent from Koparkhairne Stn.)

Express train chalu hai kya?? i wanna go to lonavla (sent from Vadala Road)

Today megablock in central line?? 

are trains working from Kurla to Thane?  (sent from Sanpada Stn.)

what's the condition of trains today? (sent from Thakurli Stn.)

cst to kalyan? (sent from Kopar)

Are the trains on time?

cst to ambarnath working?

rply on running train??? (sent from Koparkhairne)

how much delayed 

BADLAPUR to Kalyan? (sent from Borivali Stn.)

heavy rain in Mumbai since yesterday what is the status of the trains (sent from Nilje)

what about karjat to cst ?

trains are working towards Karjat side??

what's abt from thane to titwala???

are the trains on time?

kasara fast??  (sent from Kurla Stn.)

what is the situation to kalyan to kasara  line  (sent from Titwala)

train chalu hai kya? (sent from Cst)

is train running from Badlapur towards Thane? (sent from Thane)

train time pe hai kya?? (sent from Dombivli)

how abt water logging in Kurla & Sion ???  (sent from Nahur)

Ghatkopar se train hai kya?????

any trains for kurla to kalyan? (sent from Tilak Nagar)

Vidya vihar pe gaadi Ruk Rahi hai?

status?  (sent from Vithalwadi)

ulhas  to thane? (sent from Shahad)

Cst fast train kaha hai??? anyone tell pls (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

dadar thane???

is fast train available from cst to karjat line???

is it possible for me to travel from Thane to bhandup. anybody???

Bhai bahot bhid hai kya dadar pe? To go to tgane? (sent from Bhayander)

trains from cst to kalyan are working??  (sent from Cst Stn.)

What is status from kurla to dombivli? (sent from Santa Cruz)

Kalyan to mumbai is train is on time?

Dombivali- CST working ???

Bodivali virar train chalu he kaya? (sent from Mira Road)

byculla to vikroli train is running ? (sent from Mumbai Central Stn.)

where is 10.3 karjat from mulund ?  (sent from Mulund Stn.)

what happened? train late kyu hai aaj?  (sent from Thane Stn.)

train status?? (sent from Virar)

kalyan status ??? (sent from Rabale)

I heard slow Trains towards Kalyana stopped at Bhandup. any idea if it true?  what happened, any idea?  (sent from Chinchpokli Stn.)

is trains are running from titwala to csmt?

are slow trains going from Dadar to Kurla fine?? (sent from Thane Stn.)

central line status? (sent from Nahur Stn.)

what is the status of train from thane to cst (sent from Rabale Stn.)

TL train ahe ka Ata?  dombivlila  (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

What is the problem between diva to dombivali (sent from Thane Stn.)

why r trains late? I boarded 12.3pm CST from Ambernath still at vithalwadi (sent from Vithalwadi Stn.)

what about trains between bhandup to Parel? 

train towards Kalyan ?

badlapur station what is status

status?

Western Railways services are normal?  

Kasara train..??? (sent from Titwala Stn.)

thane to panvel status?

where  are badlapur  to CST train  (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)

what is the problem in central line between thane and bhandup  why the trains are slow (sent from Mulund)

now what is the situation (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)

tereko kaise pata ?? (sent from Mumbra Stn.)

status ? (sent from Elphinstone Road)

whats the status of kalyan to khopoli trains?

ANY UPDATE ABOUT 7:02 KARJAT TRAIN ???

thane to cst chalu hai kya ?? (sent from Mumbra Stn.)

hii is that having one here who is catching panvel local from virar

Is train running between Dadar and CSMT? (sent from Chinchpokli Stn.)

r all the trains running on time ? (sent from Mulund)

trains are going till karjat? or not

the rains will continue till when?  (sent from Tilak Nagar Stn.)

kurla to matunga chalu he kya? (sent from Chunabhatti)

what ia badlapur-cst status? (sent from Badlapur Stn.)

what is the problem? (sent from Mulund Stn.)

what is status between Badlapur Kalyan (sent from Badlapur)

What about sion  (sent from Nalla Sopara)

What are the update from Thane?? 

kurla se express train chalu he Kya....? (sent from Dombivli)

is Badlapur to cst working? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

is thane station heavily crowded?

Thane to CST train chalu hai Kya? (sent from Kalva)

are trains available for thane from badlapur??

karjat train...?  (sent from Thane Stn.)

In Ulhasnagar all are right??

are panvel trains available?

what is situation for cst to dombivili (sent from Sandhurst Road Stn.)

Dadar to Thane fast and slow working or not??? (sent from Mahim Jn Stn.)

kalyan to dadar, train running?  (sent from Thakurli)

I m in cst 🚆 which is 1 hr let  (sent from Vikhroli)

is any announcements  made on station (sent from Bhandup Stn.)

central line band hai kya aaj thane to Mumbai? (sent from Airoli)

is this trains are running between bhandup to dombivili??  (sent from Bhandup)

down trains ka status? from thane?

central line late why (sent from Bhandup Stn.)

what are status from thane to kalyan train

Train hi nahi 15 min hogaye ?

hey what about churchgate to borivali ?? sent from bandra  (sent from Bandra)

any train from Kalyan left for CST ??? (sent from Thakurli Stn.)

what about trains going towards Cst? (sent from Shahad)

down trains towards kalyan ? (sent from Kalyan)

what abt thane to Airoli? (sent from Ambernath)

train are running on time? (sent from Rabale)

why the train is standing in betn bhandup and nahur any ide guys  (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)

what is the status of central line slow local (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)

Thane to Kalyan locals status ?

are train on time from kalyan?

Kalyan to mulund possible hai kya ??? (sent from Mulund)

what Divatatus at diva (sent from Kalamboli Stn.)

Kay problem hai train ka koi Bata sakta Hai? (sent from Kopar)

what about dom-cst train? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

where is titwala from ghatkopar?

fast train 8:06 from shahad? (sent from Shahad Stn.)

from Kalyan Towards Mumbai trains are running on time or late? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

is there any issue in central line ? (sent from Vidyavihar)

any updates about Panvel Vasai /Diva Vasai train?  (sent from Parel)

where is thane - cst 8:05 slow train (sent from Mulund Stn.)

सर पुणे स्टेशनवरुन नाशिक रोड जाणारी गाडीचा Time काय आहे???

is mulund station waterlogged?

what happened to fast local frm thane to csmt??  (sent from Thane Stn.)

what about cst status  (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)

is kalyan to cst trains running? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

did it leave ? (sent from Bhandup Stn.)

thane to cst working?

is there waterlogging in vithal wadi now (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

Is anyone returning back from Mulund in 9 am Thane CST fast local? Kindly let me know the status y that train. No announcement is made on Thane station yet

??? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

which is next train frim thane to csmt? (sent from Thane)

trains r on time or what (sent from Kalva)

Is central line working as normal??  (sent from Neral Stn.)

neral jane wali train late chalri? (sent from Bandra)

shahad to csmt train chalu hai??  (sent from Shahad)

train status of central ? (sent from Mulund)

what is the update for train central line (sent from Ambernath Stn.)

are trains running from Thane-Dombivli? (sent from Bandra)

r trains running from kurla to thane.?? (sent from Vashi Stn.)

are trains on time ? (sent from Thane Stn.)

are there trains to ambernath? (sent from Kanjur Marg)

is all central line trains are working properly inbetween kalyan to CST? (sent from Kalyan)

plz update status of trains from vikhroli to cst ???? (sent from Vikhroli)

Why trains are delay towards badlapur 

status of sion st pls? (sent from Vithalwadi)

kasara to kalyan chalj hai kya?

for trains update what app.@ 7718050505 (sent from Thakurli Stn.)

पाऊस आहे का मुंबई त?? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

are trains from CST towards Thane running on time now? (sent from Grant Road)

मुंबईला   जाणाऱ्या गाड्या वेळेवर आहेत का? (sent from Badlapur)

CST train are running or not 

Thane To Badlapur Trains are running???? (sent from Ghansoli)

central line chalu hai?? (sent from Mulund Stn.)

how much time 

where is train?not comming in bhandup.. (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)

are trains proper from mulund ?

trains from ambernath to thane ? any status ?

Dombivali to cst trains are running??? (sent from Nilje)

rajya rani express nikli kya cst se?  (sent from Thane Stn.)

is there water logging? in matunga

what happened at Vidya Vihar station (sent from Sion Stn.)

guys is Thane to down working? (sent from Thane Stn.)

CST to Ambernath trains r running or not? (sent from Dadar Stn.)

ghatkopar to thane train chalu hai kya? 

dadar to manjur!?

thane to badlapur trains are working??????

where are you from.... (sent from Vikhroli)

Where Is 11.42 khopoli fast from ghatkopar  (sent from Shahad)

titwala to asangaon train chalu hai kay? (sent from Asangaon)

train time pe hai ky??

CST slow Kalyan ?  (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

Karjat to badlapur bslow local suru ahet ka??? (sent from Badlapur)

are trains running  on time between thane to karjat? (sent from Nerul Stn.)

what about trains from kurla to kalyan

How is condition abt central line (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

what's the status for Kalyan to shahad? (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

trans harbor is affected ..central bhi bund kiye hai kya? (sent from Churchgate)

depends where u r looking for (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

trains from Dadar? 

are there train from dadar to kanjur marg???plz update 

Ghansoli jaana h trains h kya???? (sent from Goregaon)

mulund to cst any update? jana chahiye ya nai (sent from Mulund)

badlapur to cst train running???  (sent from Badlapur)

what is the status of thane to dombivali (sent from Vashi)

?? (sent from Matunga Stn.)

central line trains are running on time or not? (sent from Chunabhatti)

what's the update of train

 Any update about the central line....????? (sent from Ambernath Stn.)

Rush hai? (sent from Thakurli Stn.)

nerul to cst is the training going?  (sent from Nerul)

what is the status of train towords cst  (sent from Jogeshwari)

what is the status of cst khopoli fast train? (sent from Mulund Stn.)

what's the status of trains on Thane stn? (sent from Kalva)

dadar to thane ? (sent from Mumbai Central)

whether kalyan semifast arrived at dadar? (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)

status from Sion to Kalyan? (sent from Gtb Nagar Stn.)

Thane local towards CST running or cancelled? (sent from Thane)

Thane to cst is working fine.?  (sent from Nahur)

how trains are working from sion to kalyan ¿ (sent from Sion Stn.)

thane to Ghatkopar treen what position

where is kasara train now? 

where is kasara train at 9 :30 onwards from kalyan 

what is current status

kalyan Dawn slow chalu hai क्या?  (sent from Kalva)

is slow trains running from Thane to badlapur ???? (sent from Ambernath)

what's the status of trains from Kalyan to Thane?

are trains running ??  (sent from Sanpada Stn.)

ye baarish kab bandh hogi ?? can anyone please tell me?  (sent from Thakurli Stn.)

vasai diva memo is running ????  (sent from Virar Stn.)

Train are running or not

kasara 7:58 from thane where now (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

When will the megablock start tomorrow?

Thane se kanjurmarg ke liye ??

titwala se kalyan train chalu hai kya??? (sent from Titwala Stn.)

trains at titwala side chaluu h? (sent from Ambernath)

central like ohk ?

what about thane to badlapur

what is train status?

Vikhroli to Thane trains running? (sent from Vikhroli)

kalyan-karjat trains running ? (sent from Thane Stn.)

ghatkopar to thane train...?? status (sent from Ghatkopar)

trains from shahad? (sent from Shahad)

kya asangaon se train time per hai?

delays?

thane to kalyan status?

now where karjat train pls update

why trains re coming so late (sent from Dadar Stn.)

badlapure train???  (sent from Virar Stn.)

where is 8.31 Ambernath  (sent from Thane)

thane to kalyan ?? any update  (sent from Thane Stn.)

what is status bout cst to dombivali (sent from Bandra)

train on time?

what is status of titwala train from kanjurmarg

what is the problem in central line why train is running too slow

where is kalyan local at 9.02 (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

guys any update for kasara trains? (sent from Thane Stn.)

what is cost for 1 month pass from thane to seawood (sent from Dombivli)

what is status for Kurla to Kalyan can any updates me pls

are trains working ?

Mi chalvu ka train ? (sent from Dombivli)

what's up starts  (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)

are the trains on time from dombivili? (sent from Dombivli)

what is the problem on central line (sent from Badlapur)

is train running towards Badlapur ? (sent from Thane Stn.)

??? (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)

is there any problem in Central line today. why  Badlapur to CSTM trains are running 25-30 min late. ? (sent from Badlapur Stn.)

cst to kasara?

trains are running on time? 

mumbai to pune   what is the status?? (sent from Vadala Road)

what is the status of Kalyan station (sent from Kalyan)

is central line working from thane to CST?

is central line train is running???  (sent from Diva Jn)

Punyavarun nashil jayala bus kuthe lagel???

what is the status of vidhyavihar stn to CST train (sent from Vidyavihar Stn.)

trains running on central line?

where is cst - kasar slow local (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

Thane to CSTM train is running or not?

where is the last train 

Thane-Cst trains suru ahe ka? (sent from Airoli)

how stateus of central rail

dadar to Kalyan ka status Kya hai? (sent from Thakurli)

is pwd staff allowed in first class bogi without ticket ? (sent from Diva Jn)

hello how to reach Worli from bandra

hello friends Kalyan to Badlapur train running any one update pls ???? (sent from Elphinstone Road)

what is the status of thane local  (sent from Bandra)

from kalayn to kanjurnarg trains are working?

dadar platform pe koi hai? please update  dadar to karjat status? (sent from Santa Cruz Stn.)

asangav se csmt chalu hai kya?

any status why in central line slow tracks are late?

where are kasara train (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

kalyan to cst trains chalu hai kya?

is all train in center are in time 

thane to Ghatkopar train running or not ??? (sent from Airoli Stn.)

what happens to kurla station 

trns working beyond kalyan?  (sent from Kurla Stn.)

 the train is not moving from bhandup. is there any problems!? (sent from Matunga Road Stn.)

whaat about Thane to karjat? 

 what about 7:14 karjat from dombivali 

train status towards titwala?? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

Karjat train kuthe ahe ata? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

where is 4.42 Badlapur local from Thane (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

What is current status of  asangaon train (sent from Titwala Stn.)

where is 7:52 badlapur at ambernath (sent from Ambernath Stn.)

how long are trains late from thane 2 cst (sent from Kalva)

airoli ??trains r working  (sent from Airoli Stn.)

Are yaar Trans harbour ka kya status hai train chalu hai kya? (sent from Mankhurd)

guys trains are running.. but it took 2 hrs to reach from thane to cst as there is water logging in tracks of sion, matunga, dadar, parel.. n never how rain is going to be whole day.. stay home if not necessary to travel (sent from Chinchpokli Stn.)

are trains moving normal now..??

Bhandup varun train chalu aahet kay ? CSMT la jayla (sent from Bhandup)

anybody at thane please update? (sent from Thane)

karjat downside trains status?

vithalwadi to thane train chalu haikya???? (sent from Vithalwadi Stn.)

assangaon right time h??

9:58 left from Badlapur?? (sent from Ambernath Stn.)

nitin can u pls let me know are trains running from dadar to kalyan ???

is train working from ambernath to thane???

what is the status of local  (sent from Thakurli)

is train runing on time?

what about ladies special any update???  (sent from Thane Stn.)

mag mage akkha maharashtra fodla tevhapan khup kahi gela asen na tuzya gharatla tyasathi tu kay kela....?

guys thane to kalyan trains operating normally?

Bhandup to cst chalu hai ki slow hai bhai log Zara Bata do? (sent from Bhandup Stn.)

9:25 cst fast from dombivli?? (sent from Dombivli)

anyone has idea about Shalimar express which starts from kurla  (sent from Vithalwadi)

Kurla to thane status plz??? (sent from Tilak Nagar Stn.)

kalyan cst chalu hai kya? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

kalyan se borivali status ???

what is the status of train from dombivli to cst? (sent from Dombivli)

?????? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

what about trains from amb badlapur side (sent from Vithalwadi)

r trains running on time?? 

panvel vasai passanger train running properly 7.55pm trn?? (sent from Nahur Stn.)

is central line running??? (sent from Masjid)

how much minutes is the train delayed  (sent from Badlapur)

what is the status of train from charno par to dombivali (sent from Andheri)

thane to kurla train chalu hai kya??

is Kalyan to Ghatkopar trains running on time?

Train status?  (sent from Elphinstone Road Stn.)

water logging hai kya sion main? (sent from Shahad)

what happen (sent from Mulund)

Central line pe megha block hai kya?  (sent from Vangani)

is there water logging in Dadar station?

train are running normal or any problem? (sent from Masjid Stn.)

 where is 7.15 titwala fast from bhandup (sent from Bhandup Stn.)

Ghatkopar to Kalyan trains running or not? (sent from Andheri)

can someone please update what is the train status from kalyan to thane? (sent from Kalyan)

what's the problem with third clasd railway again.. 

dombivli train update? (sent from Thakurli)

Fast train from Kasara to CST on time? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

thane to kasata chalu ahe kaa ?? 

train is goin on time ???

kya status hai train ka?

what about central line??

puch rha hai ya Bata Raha hai..? (sent from Nerul Stn.)

where is cst fast train (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

is there any problem with the thane train.. i stay in seawoods  (sent from Seawood Darave)

trains towards CST??

has dombivali train left Kurla?  (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)

from CST trains are running or not? (sent from Nerul Stn.)

बदलापूर से ट्रेन है क्या? (sent from Badlapur)

is there problem ahead of kalva station?  (sent from Kalva)

what is the status of train towards Kalyan? (sent from Kopar)

bass? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

slow fast..??? (sent from Dombivli)

kalyan to thane tarin are time????? 

is 8.36 thane local cancelled? (sent from Mulund Stn.)

? (sent from Airoli Stn.)

trains from titwala to Kalyan working proper?

कल्याण से सिएसएमटी ट्रेन्स टाईम पे चल रही है क्या ?

mulund se titwala ki train late hai kya? (sent from Mulund Stn.)

what is the status of train for Badlapur (sent from Nahur)

barish me barish hi hogi ,aapko kya chahiye ? (sent from Kalyan)

yesterday, did u went to ofc? I went (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

kamala jau ki nko frnds? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

what's status of vidyavihar and ghatkopar stations is every time normal?? (sent from Kalva)

what about ambernath (sent from Ambernath Stn.)

Dadar to kalyan trains are on time or late??  (sent from Vithalwadi)

thane to cst trqins working ? (sent from Airoli Stn.)

central line chalu h kya train? (sent from Mumbra)

dadar to dombiivili?  (sent from Santa Cruz)

is train running on Central line?? (sent from Dadar Stn.)

diva to cst trains available hai kya? (sent from Dativali Stn.)

badlapur to thane k trains any update?

central railway status kay aahe?? (sent from Nerul)

what is the use "Time table" when central railway never going to follow.    (sent from Byculla Stn.)

is there any kind of water logging in csmt ? (sent from Koparkhairne)

how trains are  late or in tome

kurla to CST train suru ahet ka? (sent from Sanpada Stn.)

does it mean that 30 minutes gap between two trains? If so, please say so. (sent from Mulund)

what about the status of thane trains 

are trains are running from Kalyan to csmt?

towards kalyan is ok na? (sent from Mulund Stn.)

are trains on time...?????

thane to cst? (sent from Thane Stn.)

is train running on time?

trains for Mumbai is running on time or not...?  (sent from Mulund)

what about Thane to Ghatkopar (sent from Thane)

what's train status towards Thane 

what is status of dadar to vidyavihar (sent from Andheri Stn.)

any reason? (sent from Kopar Stn.)

any idea about kasara? (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)

by how much time  (sent from Bhandup)

it's not that simple as u speak.. those who are in reservation will protest back.. which will be more harmful.. first think and thn judge (sent from Airoli)

tomorrow mega block at this line? (sent from Vashi)

 krjtbar baramti pasenjer where

why train has stop it more than 30 minutes

central trains status???  (sent from Thane)

ambernath hun kalwa jayla train ahe ka?

kalyan se karjat tk heavy rain hai.....but what about mumbai and thane  (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

what is the status of CR from Badlapur to thane

ghatkopar to cst local are available or not? (sent from Mumbai Central)

train status from ghatkopar to badlapur??

what happened to Kalyan CST fast  (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)

.....? (sent from Dombivli)

where are u stuck (sent from Dombivli)

is trains available Ghatkopar to Kurla???

Kurla to Dadar chalu jai kya?

trains running normal to CST from Thane? 

 now what stiuation at mulund station??? (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

badlapur to cst??? train status..any update

BADLAPUR to cstm train chalu aahe ka.  ??? (sent from Badlapur)

today's central line status? (sent from Kurla)

stuck at Atgaon... any chance to go to kalyan ?? (sent from Khardi)

are train available from Kalyan to Thane?  (sent from Kurla Stn.)

local train status? (sent from Badlapur)

is the last train late? (sent from Bandra Stn.)

7:57 kasara train from kalyan on time ???? (sent from Titwala Stn.)

what is the status of the 8:11  CST fast (sent from Badlapur)

what is issue between in domb to kurla (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

what is status of kalyan badlapur

is vadala to bandra train running?  (sent from Juinagar)

are trains working from badlapur to dadar?

what are live status from vidya vihar to kurla station . Did problem solved or not

हार्बर line chalu hai kya Airoli से ठाणे???  (sent from Airoli Stn.)

Any update of fast train towards cst?  (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

central railway is working na....from Ambivali ?

thane to Dombivali chalu ahet?

status matunga road??? (sent from Kings Circle Stn.)

any info for fast train from thane to cst?  (sent from Mulund)

what's the status after thane station. is it moving? (sent from Thane Stn.)

is any one if trains are running

thane to Csmt... train chalu he kya? 

any update how much it take to clear (sent from Thane)

did any trains leave from Kalyan?? fast cst train? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

where cst (sent from Mumbra Stn.)

are trains running from thane to panvel?? (sent from Mira Road)

ulhasnagar to cst... kya status hai?  (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

kidhar pani nhi bhara hai na track may? (sent from Thakurli Stn.)

what's the position in badlapur to thank route? (sent from Badlapur)

pl update regarding trains from mulund to thane?? (sent from Nahur Stn.)

9 27 kasara local reached ?

anyone at byculla station? are trains running towards vikhroli? 

central railway subrbun are running ?

konihi reply det nahiye.... baher padnaryna prasna padlet...?   (sent from Thakurli)

are trains running towards kalyan? (sent from Airoli Stn.)

what about trans harber line it's running ok (sent from Koparkhairne)

thane khopoli?? trains running? (sent from Khopoli)

what about tarin status ? dadar to kalyan (sent from Grant Road Stn.)

thane kalyan train chalu ahe ka  ??? (sent from Vashi Stn.)

& Forward this to your friends staying in Thane/Dombivli (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

what about trains from Kalwa... (sent from Kalva Stn.)

what are today's megablock timining (sent from Ambernath)

From Dadar how much time trains delayed towards Thane (sent from Bandra Stn.)

karjat fast?  (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

is the trains on time from dombivali to cst. As there is heavy rain since morning. (sent from Kopar)

what is the progress at badlapur is train working  (sent from Badlapur)

i am at matunga is it okay to go by train? (sent from Vadala Road Stn.)

Trein चालू आहे का ??? (sent from Kalyan)

what about central line 

Badlapur to CST train? (sent from Badlapur)

thane to Kalyan? (sent from Ghansoli)

khopoli train nighali ka kalyan varun?? (sent from Shelu Stn.)

where do u want to travel? ur at mankhurd right? (sent from Bhandup Stn.)

train chal rahe hai kya guys ? 

are central line trains on time?  (sent from Goregaon)

is harbor line working? (sent from Vashi)

Aree fast trains from Mulund to CST on time?? (sent from Mulund)

Should i go to college today or not?  (sent from Vithalwadi)

kya hua bhai.. why train stopped between ulhas t& vithal (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

thane CST status? (sent from Thane)

trains running from kurla to sanpada??? Kopilo is getting late (sent from Airoli)

what is the status trains from Kalyan to Kurla? (sent from Thakurli Stn.)

wats status of thane to karjat , its started ? (sent from Airoli)

trains are working fine?  (sent from Vikhroli)

Bhandup to thane status? (sent from Bhandup)

cst to kalyan trains are working or not? (sent from Dadar Stn.)

is any train issue ?

where is asangoan local

guysss tell mw about shahad to thane??? (sent from Shahad)

badlapur to cst train time p hai kya?  (sent from Thane Stn.)

is thr raining heavily in suburbs?? (sent from Churchgate)

it will be safe to travel today ? whts status abt train today ? (sent from Badlapur)

What about the mail trains they r on time (sent from Thane)

where is 10:32 fast local (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

why train being stuck near kyn. stn.   (sent from Kalyan)

kalwa to dadar is running?  (sent from Kalva Stn.)

is it trains running to thane from vashi line...?

what about khopoli to cst?? (sent from Khopoli)

thane to kalyan ? 

m indicator app must provide information about current location of local train.. by which passengers not face any problem during any natural calamities.. (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

kurla se ambernath runnig properly? (sent from Govandi)

status for kurla to thane? (sent from Airoli)

what is the condition of running trains  (sent from Titwala Stn.)

are all trains on tym from cstm ? (sent from Bhayander)

are trains good?from mulund to kurla? (sent from Mulund)

By road from Thane(Nitin Co.) to Borivali which one would be preferable? From Kurla or from Fountain?

are trains available from badlapur??

is train running properly today (from thane to dadar)?  (sent from Thane)

trains on time?  (sent from Ghatkopar)

CST se train chalu he kya? (sent from Churchgate Stn.)

I want to reach powai in 40 mins should I go by cab or train? (sent from Grant Road Stn.)

 kalyan karjat on time ?????

central line la Kahi issue aahe ka?? (sent from Badlapur)

ambernath to cst on time ?? (sent from Ambernath)

towards kalyan from ghatkopar on time?

any update on kopar to Bhiwandi memu?

what is a status of 8.34 Kalyan to CST train (sent from Kalyan)

dombivali 6.13 Parel running? (sent from Elphinstone Road Stn.)

ghatkopar to dadar are trains on time? (sent from Thane)

kitna delay he ? (sent from Koparkhairne)

abhi fast train mein gardi hoga kya? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

i understand... need to reach Badlapur. trains running good??  (sent from Neral)

has 1:21 slow cstm local arrived at dombivali?  (sent from Kopar)

any updates on the central line?  (sent from Dahisar)

what about trains at kurla  (sent from Seawood Darave Stn.)

8:24 Ambarnath fast local what is the status (sent from Thane Stn.)

wat abt kalyn Kasara?? 

who said gira hai kar k??? (sent from Ghatkopar)

from badlapur to thane trains are on time or not? please reply (sent from Badlapur)

where are CST fast trains .. 15 dabba on time? (sent from Kurla Stn.)

what are update from matunga  (sent from Kings Circle)

thane to badlapur train chalu hai kya??

what is status of trains from Dombivili to Thane

slow trains running between kalyan to cst? (sent from Mumbra Stn.)

where is 07:20am Ambernath  (sent from Kurla Stn.)

is 11:59 fast train from ambernath on time? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

what is current train status from thane to badlapur  (sent from Rabale)

Are the trains running from kalyan to asangaon on time?

when will trains start ? (sent from Churchgate)

are trains running? (sent from Badlapur)

titwala se Dadar tak train chalu hai kya? (sent from Titwala)

what is the status of kalyan to thane?  (sent from Kalyan)

can someone update the status of slow trains towards Dombivli?  (sent from Kalva Stn.)

hi what's issue (sent from Bhandup Stn.)

trains available from mulund to kalyan??

wbu thane to kalyan side fast trains? (sent from Thane)

train chal rahi hai kya? 

is there trains running between kalyan to dadar... (sent from Dombivli)

Kal trains chalu rahege kya?

status of khopoli (@8:40) to cst train.. where it has reached 

towards kalyan or towards cst? 

no water logging an y where on tracks (sent from Nahur)

status of csmt fast train from thane? (sent from Kalva Stn.)

kalyan to kasara train chalu hai kya,,? 

what about Badlapur 5:04 ??? (sent from Badlapur)

kurla to Ghatkopar chalu he kya?

r trains wrking from thane to cst?

is there any problem near Kalyan on UP line 

Badlapur to thane train status...?? 

Dombivli to Mulund train status?? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

where is karjat local ?

why traffic's

are trains running properly from thane to matunga?? (sent from Thane)

is badlapur train in time?

Are trains are on time??? (sent from Nahur)

what is status of kalwa station (sent from Kalva)

chai hai kya ??? (sent from Ambernath)

11:30 mumbra se titwala late hai ? (sent from Mumbra Stn.)

what is the status of karjat to csmt trains....? 

trains running or not?

what is status of kalyan thane line

where will i get train to cime thane from matheran (sent from Koparkhairne)

simply Tell Thane To Csmt trains are Working?? (sent from Vikhroli)

what is this.all are questioning.any body give answer bhi na. (sent from Malad)

konsa ? timing pls (sent from Shahad)

where is kasara train now (sent from Shahad Stn.)

Is the problem for slow train only ? (sent from Airoli)

what about transharbour? (sent from Nahur)

kopar se Thane ka trein time thick he kya? (sent from Vasai Road Stn.)

is there water logged in sion?? (sent from Thane Stn.)

karjat to khopoli train status ..train are working? (sent from Ambernath)

is there is a mega block in central slow lines.??

thane to dadar train are running or not?

what happened... 6.50 kalyan train standing between kalwa and mumbra

kurla to dadar status? (sent from Kalamboli)

why we are not getting reply  (sent from Vithalwadi)

train status ?  (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

train status about Dadar Karjat Khopoli? (sent from Mira Road)

train status from thane? 

is there a problem with the trains at kurla  (sent from Vile Parle Stn.)

vidyavihar train stats? (sent from Airoli Stn.)

where is 50103 (sent from Thane Stn.)

what is happen in central line local  (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)

mumbra se train chalu hai kya ?

vadala to andheri trains running? (sent from Chembur Stn.)

central la chalu ahe ka? 

Is it on time? (sent from Kalyan)

train from Badlapur to dadar milega Kya ? (sent from Badlapur)

let me tell you the fact : jitne log chat pe hai alag alag station pe ussey toh kum log actual mein station pe dikh rahe hai 😂 (sent from Mulund Stn.)

train status? (sent from Nilje)

how us the train schedule (sent from Cst)

thane to vashi train update ? (sent from Ambernath)

train status of kalyan to cst?  (sent from Mumbra)

what happened why central train stuck in between mulund and nahur

what is the situation of train toward Byculla

what is the status from thane to kalyan (sent from Thane Stn.)

kurla to dadr slow line wrking? (sent from Vikhroli)

why trains not working today ?? (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

status of train from Ghatkoper to Thane?

khadvli to kalyan train chalu hai kya?

what is status at dombivli  (sent from Dombivli)

central line Trains are working or not?

kasara side trn tym pe hai Kya? (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)

train kurla ke aage ja Raha hai kya??

how about crowd is it too crowded (sent from Bhandup)

Hello Friends, Trains chalu hai kya? (sent from Matheran)

nasata? (sent from Vikhroli)

What happened near nahur?  (sent from Thakurli)

Any effect on trains going from ghatkopar to CSMT? (sent from Ghatkopar)

what is status of khopoli local? (sent from Ambernath Stn.)

any update on trains from Dombivli stn ?

what todays megablock time and on which rout it is?  (sent from Dadar Stn.)

train status from thane? (sent from Belapur Cbd)

PANVEL Dahanu is on time or not 

Any idea about th status of trains travelling from Kasara to CST ????

whats the status of slow trains ??

Thane - CST train status ?? (sent from Mulund Stn.)

can anyone tell what's the actual issue... nothing on Internet yet and it has been more than 10 mins train halted after crossing Nahur... thanks (sent from Mulund)

what is the current status of kasara fast pls update me (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

bhai Ghansoli jaana h trains h kya? (sent from Andheri Stn.)

What about sahyadri exps (sent from Currey Road Stn.)

is any slow train approaching mulund(towards Cst)?  (sent from Mulund Stn.)

What is issue at kalva station??? (sent from Kalva)

asangaon to cst chalu hai kya?  (sent from Asangaon)

Is any karjat train coming near thane (sent from Thane Stn.)

Thane to Vashi? (sent from Dadar)

 kurla se downside chalu he train?? (sent from Chunabhatti)

train from dombivli??? (sent from Thakurli)

but train are going or not till CST? (sent from Titwala Stn.)

what about panvel to thane (sent from Belapur Cbd Stn.)

Is neral - Matheran toy train running?

is trains are working till ghatkopar from dadar? (sent from Parel)

what is train status from curry road to thane (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)

where is 6:47 Karjat train  (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

dadar stn k bahar paani bhara hai kya? 

is karjat to cstm train in time????

ghatkopar ambernath train chalu ahe ka????

status please?? (sent from Ambernath Stn.)

its on time or not? (sent from Dombivli)

what about express

are trains from dadar-ambernath running on time? (sent from Goregaon)

are trains running till kalyan plz reply? (sent from Kurla)

Ulhasnagar To thane local Chalu he kya????  (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

8:24 Thana start train will come on platform number 1 or platform numbrt 4?  (sent from Thane Stn.)

कोणी सांगेल का सेंट्रल लाईन ट्रेन चा काय प्रोब्लेम आहे? (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)

anyone in the middle of thane an mulund station in Dombivali train?   (sent from Nahur)

trains from kalyan to thane?

status? (sent from Masjid Stn.)

anyone know how to go to dalal street (sent from Dahisar Stn.)

what is status from Byculla to CST (sent from Cst Stn.)

kurla to byculla trains are working ? (sent from Tilak Nagar Stn.)

 is there any water log? (sent from Grant Road)

aaj mega bock ahe ka? (sent from Bhivpuriroad)

what is the train status... please update (sent from Kopar)

12:36 cst slow kidar hai ?  (sent from Kurla Stn.)

trains are late or not? (sent from Kanjur Marg)

panvel trains milega?

cancelled or what? (sent from Dadar Stn.)

are there any trains towards down side? Trains are working??  (sent from Vashi)

what is the status of asangaon train (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

is the train are on time or late

is there any problem at thane station??? (sent from Karjat)

which trn u r in  (sent from Bhandup)

Any update on 8:11 fast from Badlapur? (sent from Badlapur)

is there mega blocks today on central line

what is status of train from kalyan to cst (sent from Kalyan)

what is the status of karjat trains (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)

what is the status of trains in central lines 

ashish train ahe ka dom to thane ???? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

badlapur to dadar train status? (sent from Badlapur)

what happened to the fast line (sent from Vikhroli)

are slow trains towards Kalyan working? 

taims chal rahi hai kya.? (sent from Vithalwadi Stn.)

sorry kasara? (sent from Vikhroli)

why it's slow any problem

where  is badlapur  to CST fast (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)

Kurla, Sion Me koi hai kya nahi ?? Waha se ek bhi msg nahi aa raha hai (sent from Airoli)

HI everyone pls update what status train Karla to mumbra stn

are trains from kurla to dadar working ??

Train status towards Kanjurmarg??  (sent from Thane Stn.)

train are running late ? (sent from Badlapur Stn.)

trains are on time or not??

if any one at kurla then any slow train departed from kurla? (sent from Vidyavihar Stn.)

Sion to Dadar update please ? (sent from Bhayander)

how is condition now local from Thane to Kalyan

What about train status

means running from kalyan only? 

status?

is there any train between khopoli to Kalyan

what about thane to karjat train (sent from Thane Stn.)

what is the status of trains  from ambernath to thane (sent from Ambernath)

Vikhroli to ambernath trains are running? (sent from Vikhroli)

hope trains are running smoothly?? (sent from Badlapur Stn.)

cst to kalyan train chalu h kya?

is dadar to Kanjurmarg train running?? (sent from Dahisar Stn.)

what about first fast train..towards cst (sent from Kalyan)

where is 6:51 diva train now? (sent from Kopar Stn.)

what about faat trains (sent from Nahur)

train chalu aahe ka ? (sent from Chinchpokli Stn.)

Are up trains on time ?? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

trains are late or on tym......???? 

status of mulund stn???? (sent from Vikhroli)

Ghatkopar to Dadar is running kya?

is there any mega bock tomorrow on central line 

kasara train status? (sent from Titwala)

train running on time or not? from kalyan

cant blame bmc either.. when it rains half as this much in europe situatiin gets worse.. there should be other modes.. metros are good alternative bt sadly its just started and connectivity is not all over city (sent from Koparkhairne)

is kurla/sion waterlogged? 

what's d status of trains towards CSMT?

aaj mausam kaisa hai dadar me ?

what's status of train thane to dadar & dadar to virar

Kurla Dadar working ? (sent from Seawood Darave Stn.)

what is train status from Badlapur to csmt?

Trains are running  central on time? 

mumbra to titwala chalu hai kya? 

Kalyan to CST ??? (sent from Shahad)

why train so late

how much delay (sent from Vithalwadi)

Trains r working properly ? (sent from Thakurli)

are trains from klyn to cst??

what happend frnds (sent from Kalva Stn.)

thane ambernath status ???

are trains from ulhasnagar running on time? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

may I seat in amravati express or wait for rajya rani express? (sent from Thane Stn.)

kurla to ghatkopar is working?  (sent from Khandeshwar)

?? (sent from Vithalwadi Stn.)

pls confirm if badlapur trains are on time?

what about csmt to karjat train ?? 

hello guys I got news trains aren't working in western line is it true ?  (sent from Mulund)

what's a problem  (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)

Any idea why the slow trains are not moving towards thane (sent from Nahur)

what's about kurla station  (sent from Mankhurd)

Thane - dombivali trains cha Kahi issue aahe Ka??? (sent from Kalva)

8.27 asangaon fast status????  (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

trains are running from dadar to gatkopar? (sent from Nalla Sopara Stn.)

Central line chalu Hai kua? (sent from Dahisar Stn.)

guys what status about badlapur to karjat (sent from Badlapur)

what status thane to belapur trains? (sent from Bhandup)

Down line is running properly..??? (sent from Badlapur Stn.)

Mahalaxmi Express is in time? (sent from Kandivali Stn.)

what is the status abt Ghatkopar to Ambarnath  (sent from Vikhroli)

hello all, are trains working on time? (sent from Ambernath)

 is Thane trains on time now ??? (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)

any fast local left from Kalyan to catch ? now (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

down trains working? towards ambernath?

what's the position now at 13.15 pm (sent from Kopar)

thane to cst fast 9:01? where it is (sent from Thane Stn.)

are trains working? 

what is status in central railway (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

trains r halted? (sent from Nahur Stn.)

Water logged is true?  (sent from Vikhroli)

are bhai log Thane to badlapur?? 

yes...news shows that Sion n Kurla also raining...but central railway is running normally but don't know how long

khopoli? (sent from Mulund)

Ghatkopar to Kalyan train status Plz? 

why are Holt  near by Thane (sent from Thane Stn.)

train from kalyan to ghatkopar ???

plz note 5.59 badalapur trian middle ladies compartment door is not closing due to technical issue. plz arrange someone to manage otherwise people will fall down when they try to catch the trian (sent from Sandhurst Road Stn.)

thane to Kalyan? (sent from Airoli Stn.)

what's the train status (sent from Bhandup)

whatz d current status of trains?? plz tell anyone... ( sent frm ulhasnagar ) (sent from Shahad)

what I s the train status from CST to kurla (sent from Tilak Nagar)

titwala se kalyan ka kya status hai?? 

why train has stopped since long long time between thane and kalwa on down line. (sent from Thane)

what about Kurla, Sion is there water logging

what's current  status of central railway train  (sent from Vikhroli)

 Thane badalapur train chalu ahe ka??

6:51 thane badlapur train guys???? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

?

central line train status??? (sent from Vashi Stn.)

Thane to cst train how much late

dombivli pasun karjat station paryant kay status aahe? (sent from Nilje)

is there any train for titwala (sent from Elphinstone Road)

what about train for goregoan ? (sent from Bhandup Stn.)

Are trains started for andheri or not ? plz update  (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)

parel to thane?  (sent from Elphinstone Road)

Any announcements at kalyan station? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

 are trains crowded ? (sent from Bhandup)

what is the status of valsad fast passanger?

trains are running on time? (sent from Mulund)

is that train is working in sion ? (sent from Sion Stn.)

Kalyan to thane? working  (sent from Shahad)

mumbra se CST chalu h kiya????

🤑🤑🤑🤑🤑🤑kurla to Currey road??????

ghatkopar to kalyan train are working or not...?? (sent from Andheri)

anything unusual with the local waiting at Bhandup for 15 minutes ? (sent from Vidyavihar Stn.)

NASIK to thane mail express working? (sent from Kandivali Stn.)

is there any problems beetween thane to panvel trains?  (sent from Khandeshwar)

there is an announcement on Badlapur station that trains will be late by 20- 25 min late (sent from Badlapur Stn.)

trains working from Ulhas to CST? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

diva se thane ka kohi train hai kya? (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)

matunga to thane is ok?? (sent from Vadala Road)

for trains update what app me @7718050505 (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

where khopoli fat have reached..? (sent from Thane Stn.)

आज मेगा ब्लॉक कब है सेंट्रल पे ?? (sent from Grant Road Stn.)

this is central route chat.  (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

Thane trains from ghatkopar available?

which train Is now available for cst (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)

karjat train status? (sent from Ambernath Stn.)

m at Ghatkopar...whats the status of slow trains ..kalyan paryant pochna shakya ahe ka?? (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

central trains working??? (sent from Shahad)

how is central line train running

ulhsngr to thane chalu h kya?  (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)

what is the status of trains on central line (sent from Tilak Nagar)

Train Status from Titwala side? (sent from Shahad)

what is status from Sion to Kanjur Central line

kalyan badalapur is running ? (sent from Gtb Nagar Stn.)

cst to kalyan??  (sent from Vithalwadi)

Dombivali to ambernath status? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

are fast trains from vt on time ? (sent from Churchgate Stn.)

what about khopoli to CST (sent from Bhivpuriroad Stn.)

train chalu hai kya ? (sent from Dombivli)

how bout thane to kalyan? 

wats train status???  (sent from Ambernath)

why cst train geting let  (sent from Kalva)

Thane to parel status? (sent from Kalva)

what is central line status (sent from Sion Stn.)

trains running from sion? (sent from Chembur)

Hii all...what about central line

kalyan to thane train status kya hai??? (sent from Kalyan)

 8.10 csmt -khopoli train status?  

wapis aaneki guarantee he? (sent from Airoli)

parel to bhandup?! (sent from Lower Parel)

what about down train (sent from Dadar Stn.)

what the status in.. dombivli to kasara trains.  (sent from Kopar)

are the trains on central line running from kalyan to Thane? 

kurla to thane what is status (sent from Tilak Nagar Stn.)

Are there any trains from Thane to CSMT?  (sent from Kalva)

CST to Sion chalu hai kya? (sent from Cst Stn.)

CST to mumbra chalu hai just?? (sent from Cotton Green Stn.)

is there trains running on time (sent from Dombivli)

are trains running from kurla to kalyan on time?

what about diva to vasai road (sent from Bhayander)

What is status of Sinha garj? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

i heard from a fellow passenger that water logging is there in fast line (sent from Mulund)

what is the status from kurla towards Thane

 can anyone update Karjat train status which is leaving from Kalyan (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

train issue hai kya ??? (sent from Thane Stn.)

Are trains from Vikhroli to Kurla running? if yes, any delay? 

what is the current train status? I want to travel to andheri (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

what is current status  (sent from Mulund Stn.)

what is the status of ambarnath to thane trains??

is there raining in dadar ?? (sent from Karjat)

sinhagad express to Pune?? (sent from Vidyavihar Stn.)

Dadar to kalyan trains on time ? (sent from Charni Road Stn.)

central railway status?

r trains working ??? (sent from Mulund)

yes heavy rain almost everywhere bt what abt kurla  (sent from Vithalwadi)

what status about Thane to Kalyan train (sent from Juinagar Stn.)

what is the status of mulund now??? (sent from Kanjur Marg)

what about Ghatkopar to Dadar (sent from Ghatkopar)

trains working? (sent from Airoli Stn.)

all. train are on time or not

are fast locals from Thane to CSMT delayed p?  (sent from Thane)

are the trains moving from ghatkopar to than??  (sent from Andheri)

fast train chalu aahet ka??  (sent from Dombivli)

kalyan to Mumbra slow train working fine or not?

are trains even running in this rain? (sent from Kopar Stn.)

what about ghatkopar to thane trains? (sent from Ghatkopar)

slow trains are on time? (sent from Thane)

is there any problem in kasara or any other stations ? (sent from Nahur)

where is titwala fast train from cst (sent from Bandra Stn.)

what? 

pl.update train status r working properly? (sent from Cst)

Vikhroli to Dadar trains are working? (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)

Kalyan to thane ?  (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

train working or not

All updates till now say the trains are leaving. But any update from those in the trains? I mean if the trains are running well, who will have time to update that? (sent from Kopar Stn.)

kalya to thane is going? (sent from Kalyan)

metro chalri Kya ? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

What is status at Vikhroli station ? (sent from Vikhroli)

What su the matter of train (sent from Masjid Stn.)

where is dadar - badlapur fast train (sent from Kopar Stn.)

what happen train stuck kalwa stn (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)

what is the status of train from dombivali to ghatkopar (sent from Kalva Stn.)

train kiti slow aahet? (sent from Kalva)

what is the position towards sion (sent from Kurla Stn.)

kalyan tak trains chalu hai kya? 

trains running? (sent from Nilje Stn.)

ghansoli se Thane chalu hai Kea? 

kalyan to Thane train chalu she ka???... 

what about mumbra to ghatkoper?? trains are running or not? 

kasara trains are running ? (sent from Churchgate Stn.)

Badlapur CSTM whats the train status ? (sent from Badlapur)

yes indeed.. so whats the status of Thane - cst? (sent from Thane)

any update about trains to karjat??

why the trains are moving like a tortoise???  (sent from Mulund)

trains time pe hai? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

whts thw status between sion to thane? (sent from Sion Stn.)

thane to ghatkopar any issues??  (sent from Shelu Stn.)

7:15 titwala fast gaya kya bhandup se??   (sent from Kanjur Marg)

panvel vasai train is running or not ??? (sent from Titwala Stn.)

what about thane to titwala (sent from Sanpada)

thane local from cst? (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)

status of central from ulhasnagar ? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

dadar to Kalyan? (sent from Kandivali)

trains are running??? (sent from Vidyavihar)

Ĺfa

which train (sent from Nahur Stn.)

dombivli to csmt slow train status? (sent from Dombivli)

Cst   to  kasara train 1.37at klayan tran stutas?  (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

he Koi titwala ya fir asangaow train me he kya... ?  jo update DE.. ke wo kaha tak pohuche (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

amt

is sion stn water logged?? (sent from Bhandup)

what's the status of kanjur marg

what the sichuetion tomorrow

local for karjat to dombivli? 

Ambernath to thane train chalu h Kya??

did you reach thane? (sent from Vikhroli)

? (sent from Dadar Stn.)

what is the status of central railway? (sent from Dombivli)

sion la pani ahe kaa??

Is badlapur or ambernath train running..?? any issue of morcha..? (sent from Thane)

what is about tomorrow megha block?

Dadar to Thane...What is the status 

central lines trains are running properly?? pls reply (sent from Charni Road Stn.)

ट्रेन किती हळू किंवा उशोरा आहे ते सांगा??

is train working on csmt to Thane ?? (sent from Lower Parel)

kurla to kalyan ??

ulhas to thane? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

what is status of cstm to kasara? plz update

  any problem ?? (sent from Jogeshwari)

where it has reached? (sent from Shahad Stn.)

is there any problem from kalyan to katjat? 

are Central Railway trains on time?

why train are late today 

train r on time?????? (sent from Bhayander)

why trained stopped (sent from Kalva Stn.)

what's status of train toward CST  (sent from Bhandup)

trains towards cst??

plz answer is there dadar to kalyan trains r running?

byculla to Thane ? (sent from Byculla Stn.)

is there any update on central line trains ?? (sent from Ghansoli)

train status from thane to cst? (sent from Ghansoli Stn.)

is any train issue  (sent from Elphinstone Road Stn.)

byculla se thane chalu hai?????

r thane to vashi train properly working?  (sent from Nahur Stn.)

where sujita (sent from Badlapur)

are slow trains stopping at vidyavihar? (sent from Bandra Stn.)

Any updates for Thane - Karjat slow? (sent from Kopar Stn.)

dadar to thane are trains running fine? (sent from Dahisar)

anyone know where is 2:04 Thane - kasara train ? (sent from Thane Stn.)

karjat local status? (sent from Chunabhatti)

towords karjat? (sent from Santa Cruz Stn.)

kurla to thane is train running on time? (sent from Kurla)

?? (sent from Thane Stn.)

what is status on central line towards ambernath (sent from Belapur Cbd Stn.)

where is cst slow local (sent from Kalva Stn.)

trains running or not? (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)

how is train situation from Thane to ambernath (sent from Airoli)

what's status central line

trains running normally? (sent from Vikhroli)

dombivali to cst trains r working? (sent from Kopar Stn.)

is it train running ok bet ghat kopar to badlapur (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

vitthalwadi ani kalyan madhe track war pani sachla ahe kay??? (sent from Badlapur Stn.)

train chalu hai kurla to kalyan???  (sent from Kurla)

Ambernath to karjat train status please? (sent from Ambernath Stn.)

what is the status of trains for dombivali kalyan from thane

what's is station status of parel (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

is central also affected ?

dadar to thane ? (sent from Mulund)

now where is this local.. (sent from Airoli Stn.)

Kalyan to cst  ?

sion chalu Ahe??? (sent from Sion Stn.)

is it raining in thane? (sent from Badlapur)

are bhavanu koni trian band kral Ka? trach sutte bhytel... (sent from Diva Jn)

what about central line

Badlapur fast status? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

   thane 2 diva train is their or not

Mumbra to Kalyan any update ? (sent from Mumbra)

status of trains towards kalyan?

thane to dombivli trains time pr hai,?????

what is status of local train from Kalyan to ambernath (sent from Titwala Stn.)

what About Asangaon train... (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

where u wish to go (sent from Bhiwandi Road Stn.)

bhai toward kurla**???

 what about central railway

trains yaha se to time pe hai lekin , what's the status at Sion ,, will it reach CST  (sent from Badlapur)

central line train status plz????

heavy rain in mumbai??? (sent from Kalyan)

what the status of sion 

trains are on time?

trains are running from badalapur? (sent from Badlapur)

Not when board on train.. (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

is there any problem in fast track,  train got stuck between sion and matunga from last 25 min (sent from Khar Road)

train late ahet Ka?? (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)

are trains running properly from Dombivli towards Thane? 

hello. I'm aware that trains are running late. but are there any cancellations  ?  (sent from Churchgate Stn.)

trains are working properly or not??? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

what about kalyan to thane trains???? (sent from Kalyan)

what about badlapur

Thane to karjat badlapur train gele ka?  (sent from Kalyan)

what is problem ? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

status of Ambarnath trains???

central railway ulhas nagar to kuthla train chalu aahe ka???? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

It should be officially declared a holiday today by the government, the speed at which it's raining reminds me of 29th September 2017. (sent from Thane Stn.)

kurla se currey road mein train chalu hai kya? (sent from Vashi)

are train running? (sent from Airoli Stn.)

what is the status of Kalgan Karnataka route (sent from Shahad)

is it central line trains working especially thane to kalyan ?

Water logging at Thane Station premises??

is going to mulund safe? (sent from Elphinstone Road Stn.)

cst to kasara local train is there or not

trains are late??

what is current status of train??

ghatkoper to kalyan train chalu hai???

where is thane fast train???  (sent from Dadar Stn.)

Karjat la jayala train aahe ka? (sent from Vithalwadi Stn.)

what is the status from CSMT to karjat

asangao to CST any train?? (sent from Asangaon Stn.)

vikhroli to sion situation? (sent from Vikhroli)

are trains working fine from thane to ambarnath..? kindly please update

Ghatkopar to Dadar status?? (sent from Kings Circle)

train from kopar to kalyan no train.any updates? (sent from Kopar Stn.)

what is the status of badlapur cstm (sent from Badlapur)

are trains running from CST to thane?

Dombivli se train chalu he?

Kalyan to Dadar any update? (sent from Kalyan)

Kitna time lagega ?

why delay in central railway  (sent from Nahur Stn.)

what's the status of kasara to cst route

what about kasara local from thane (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

what's the status in Mulund. I have still not left home (sent from Nahur)

badlapur to csmt , trains are running on time? (sent from Badlapur Stn.)

what is the the problem and where (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

koi hai Dadar station pe? (sent from Dahisar)

thane to Dombivali train r working!?? (sent from Kharghar Stn.)

central line ... thane to dadar working?? (sent from Kanjur Marg)

are trains running from sion and kuthla? (sent from Bhandup)

Kalyan se Titwala chalu hai kya?

are you serious ? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

train update???? (sent from Andheri)

?? (sent from Kurla Stn.)

is there mega block in central (sent from Dadar Stn.)

CST to thane chalu hai kya ? (sent from Lower Parel)

 train status from kalyan to badlapur???

situation between Sion and Dombivli pls? (sent from Gtb Nagar Stn.)

Please make sure to spam those people who are spreading rumours

kalva to CST ? train status (sent from Kalva)

Any update on the slow trains running from Kalyan to CST - are they on time or delayed or cancelled? (sent from Kalyan)

but y buses n rickshaw stopped?? is there any strike? (sent from Mulund)

from kurla to thane?? (sent from Chunabhatti)

any updates for tomorrow? 

dombivali to Thane train is running or not...??

why train are delay on CST slow line  (sent from Dadar Stn.)

Update on trains leaving to CST from Badlapur??  (sent from Badlapur)

central lines are working ? (sent from Dombivli)

which train is there at thane station towards ghatkopar  (sent from Thane Stn.)

लोकल व्यवस्थित चालू आहेत का??? (sent from Kalyan)

7:46 tl train is where (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

Where's now khopoli train please reply (sent from Vithalwadi Stn.)

dombivli to kalyan route are ok? (sent from Kopar Stn.)

kasara la koni travel karat asel tr plz sanga train suru ahe ki nahi?? (sent from Airoli)

Badlapur to cst train status?  anyone right now at badlapur stn??  (sent from Badlapur)

andheri to borivali???? (sent from Mulund)

what is Thane kalyan travel status (sent from Thane Stn.)

 what problem??  (sent from Nahur Stn.)

are the train running properly?? (sent from Dativali)

6.56 thane status now?  (sent from Cst Stn.)

what about CSMT (sent from Vithalwadi)

it isnt moviNg?? (sent from Mumbai Central Stn.)

what is status of train from rituals to cst (sent from Ambivli Stn.)

central me train ka pro he?  (sent from Vashi Stn.)

what about Sion and kurla 

please update where this train now, there is water loging in Sion or matunga

is anyone at CST fast?? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

is kalyan to thane slow running?? (sent from Dombivli)

thane to kanjurmarg train?  (sent from Thane Stn.)

Csmt ? (sent from Thane Stn.)

what is the status of trains (sent from Bhandup)

Dombivali station javal Pani ahai ka? what about rush in train? (sent from Kopar)

Ghatkopar se Dombivali train ka status kya hai ? (sent from Ghatkopar)

what is current status (sent from Kurla Stn.)

where is the 1.24 csmt train (sent from Vangani Stn.)

plz confirm status of trains which 3rd running towards Asangaon (sent from Shahad)

dadar to dombivali update please?

are there any fast trains? frm thane to cst? 

what is the situation right now

ghatkopar train are running on time????? (sent from Ghatkopar)

which rout is block? (sent from Goregaon Stn.)

what is the status abt thne and sion  is there any water blogged

I am at kalyan station and I want to go ulhasnagar why train is not coming on platform no.2 (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

thane to kalyan trains..?

kalyan to titwala chalu he kya? (sent from Shahad)

who told you 

trains running on time?

what's the scene at Ghatkopar station

any1 pubg?? (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)

what about CST train tody

Mulund? (sent from Mulund Stn.)

diva to mulund chalo hai KY?  (sent from Dativali Stn.)

what's this (sent from Titwala)

what's status from mumbra to kurla

is Badlapur -Cstm train running on Time??? (sent from Badlapur)

Ambernath Thane trains, are they cancelled or late?

age sion ... sab jaga barish hai kya ?

plz dom mulund train working or what

how much kalyan train is late someone tell me  (sent from Masjid Stn.)

thane to vashi status ?? (sent from Vashi Stn.)

are trains running properly after Mulund ?  (sent from Mulund Stn.)

titwala to cst ?? (sent from Shahad)

Is there any issue near thane station????  Local is halted at thane...

GHATKOPAR TO BADLAPUR KYA TRAINS CHALU HAI ? (sent from Ghatkopar)

what is the status of train towards titwala (sent from Ghansoli Stn.)

 what was the issue any ideas for delay trains

where is the train for ghatkopar from thane (sent from Thane Stn.)

ambernath to cst? any information?  (sent from Ambernath)

which is from thane at 2.4pm where it is now  (sent from Dombivli)

really whr r u now? (sent from Mahim Jn)

please update about 8:31 ambernath train from thane. has it reached kalva?? (sent from Thane Stn.)

tambade! visarlas?😒 (sent from Rabale Stn.)

why train stuck at nahur

सेवाग्राम एक्स्प्रेस ठाणा हून निघाली का?

by road..is it flooded...status of fort ?

anyone plz tell me from Ulhangr to cst local running on time? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

what about badlapur to cst (sent from Badlapur)

dombivali to CST train status?? (sent from Kopar Stn.)

Vangani to Dombivali train status?.. (sent from Vangani)

Hi.. Anyone here who has a friend named Khimil Soni ? (Perhaps a CA student from Dombivli)

karjat to thank? (sent from Koparkhairne)

trains chalu ahet ka??

trains on time ? (sent from Mulund)

mumbra se cst train chalu hai kya bhai log?

status of kalyan to titwala train? (sent from Titwala Stn.)

Mumbai Pune trains resumed?  (sent from Badlapur)

u went to dombivli?are the trains running? (sent from Kopar Stn.)

are trains running from vithalwadi to kurla? (sent from Vithalwadi)

koi update dega? 

can you please tell me which train is there on indicator on Ambernath pf 1? (sent from Ambernath)

not working means exactly where stuck ? and why? (sent from Thakurli)

thane to asangaon.... status ?

train are on time ???(sent from Dombivli ) (sent from Dombivli)

how about train (sent from Mumbra Stn.)

what happens at nahur (sent from Kopar Stn.)

der any one? (sent from Ghansoli Stn.)

Thane to Titwala train chalu hai kya? (sent from Vashi Stn.)

what is the status for karjat train from kalyan (sent from Thakurli)

Kalyan to thane train status ?

trains on central track is running on time or not

what is status from shahad station. (sent from Vithalwadi)

thane to titwala running?

Andheri la office madhe jau ka Nako te sang?

which news? (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)

klyan to karjat track chalu hai kya? (sent from Panvel Stn.)

????

any update on train status from Thane?  (sent from Thane Stn.)

what's the up locals status from dombivali (sent from Thakurli)

trains for thane is running on time?

4,30 asangaon id being canceld today?

are train running from dadar to kurla ?? (sent from Dadar)

kya auto Chalau me Thane me ?  (sent from Rabale Stn.)

kaha se news mili hai? 

is train working from thane to ghatkopar ?

trains still stuck ? (sent from Ghansoli)

3.40 cstm kasara any update? (sent from Thane Stn.)

are trains running from thane? (sent from Thane)

is the route from thane to kalyan active? (sent from Vithalwadi Stn.)

how are you....?😀 (sent from Vasind)

11:12 for khopoli is arriving shortly on of 1 , this is what railway is announcing.  (sent from Ambernath Stn.)

are th trains working? (sent from Ambernath)

what is the position of train from csmt to kjt (sent from Jogeshwari)

mumbra to bhandup jana h bht crowd hai kya ?  (sent from Mumbra Stn.)

what is problem?  (sent from Nahur Stn.)

why trains are late is there some major issues  (sent from Sandhurst Road)

are train on time towards cst? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

fast train ? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

where is problem now?

trains from Dombivali  to dadar is working? (sent from Nilje Stn.)

please anyone tell me ....from virar to bhayandar trains are working ???

Ghatkpr to thane train working?

what's issue between nahur and bhandup  (sent from Nahur)

where is an khopoli train 5 .33 on cst (sent from Byculla Stn.)

what about dombivali to dadar train status? (sent from Nilje)

what about central line... are the trains moving?  (sent from Churchgate)

hi guys what's the status for ambernath to CST trains n how's the weather after Thane is it raining heavily there? (sent from Ambernath)

trains from CST to Thane running? 

what abt kasara cst trains (sent from Kasara Stn.)

hi..... trains r running on centeal line or not

dombavali to csmt train status?  (sent from Dombivli)

Mumbra se CST train chalu hai Kya ???  Pls any buddy tell me...

What is the status of down line towards Abernathy? (sent from Kalamboli)

what about badlapur kalyan trains? (sent from Badlapur Stn.)

is there any announcements for kasara (sent from Kalyan)

status? (sent from Shahad Stn.)

hi what the train status (sent from Dombivli)

bhai Ghansoli jaana h trains h kya? (sent from Andheri)

cst to andheri trains are on time?  (sent from Gtb Nagar Stn.)

are trains on time? (sent from Vashi)

I it raining on Kalyan and beyond towards CST?

Towards Cst ? (sent from Ambernath)

what is the status of train in central line??  (sent from Badlapur Stn.)

why (sent from Kings Circle Stn.)

kalyan trains??? (sent from Nerul Stn.)

what is status of fast train towards CSTM (sent from Asangaon Stn.)

what is status from kurla to kalyan

Kurla Sion what's status 

thane to cst? 

is it raining at kurla sion dadar n all ?

hey gys! can u plz inform mulund too cst ways r clear? or not!

where is fast train reach ! khopoli to csmt  (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

ambernath fast train status ... ???4.15 at parel time  (sent from Elphinstone Road Stn.)

why trains are running late? (sent from Nahur Stn.)

are trains working & on time from Mulund to Vikhroli? (sent from Mira Road)

what is the status of Parel to Thane (sent from Elphinstone Road Stn.)

??CR news update anyone have

 dadar se badlapur train hai kya? plz update (sent from Badlapur)

status of 7:50 krajat train from kalyan (sent from Kalyan)

kanjur Marg to Kurla train chalu hai kya? please answer (sent from Kanjur Marg)

? (sent from Vithalwadi)

what's the current status guy's (sent from Kopar)

where is 9.34 thane train (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

Karjat to thane train are running? (sent from Neral Stn.)

what is status of karjat fast train (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

anyone knows about Vasai to Churchgate is train running on time..?

train chalu ahet ka? (sent from Kalva)

what is source of info please share if possible 

thane side line is working?

what abt update mulund

Thane to Ambarnath train chalu ahe ka? (sent from Rabale Stn.)

local running tomorrow or not??

thane to Dombivli ke bich mein trains available hai kya ?

Are trains working from dombivli to kurla? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

are trains working?? (sent from Badlapur)

He has left his bag with laptop in local train! 

titwala trn status?? (sent from Kurla)

really?? so it's better not to get out of our homes?? (sent from Kalyan)

neral- thane trains running? (sent from Matheran Stn.)

   train  chalu  hai  kya....?  (sent from Marine Lines Stn.)

Dadar to karjat train  chalu ch ? (sent from Chunabhatti)

train chau hai frm vidya vihar???  (sent from Vidyavihar)

thane to kalyan status batao plz.... abhi kya haal hai...?

are the trains from CSTM to THANE running properly?  (sent from Mahalakshmi Stn.)

what is issue in central line i m in shahad from 1 hour  (sent from Shahad)

sion se kanjurmarg chalu he train?  (sent from Kings Circle)

? (sent from Mumbai Central Stn.)

slow trains status nahur to csmt??? (sent from Nahur Stn.)

8.13 cst from kyn pf 1 came? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

Wht abt ladies spl ?? (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)

metro chalu hai kya? 😂  (sent from Airoli Stn.)

train? (sent from Mumbra Stn.)

down side ki train start hai? (sent from Mulund Stn.)

what is status between karjat and cst

what is the status of trains down from thane ??

ट्रेन किती उशिरा आहेत? छ शि म ट धिमी आणि जलद कोणत्या मार्गावर बिघाड झालेला आहे? (sent from Vithalwadi)

what is status of trains from Thane?

what about dadar to kalyan (sent from Elphinstone Road Stn.)

Dombivali station pain train ka kya halchal ? (sent from Dombivli)

Kalyan to thane status?

trains and where last now  (sent from Vidyavihar Stn.)

is trains are running from Vashi to Thane..?? (sent from Vashi Stn.)

is there water logging in Mulund? (sent from Mulund Stn.)

what is the status of Thane to kalyan train?

what about dadar to badlapur train status.plz any idea sent masage (sent from Elphinstone Road Stn.)

are the trains on time? (sent from Vile Parle)

DQ left CST or not ? 

Any update on Central line train status?? (sent from Andheri)

Ghatkopar to Thane train on?

who told u? (sent from Mulund)

klyn dadar all right.? (sent from Shahad)

What about kasara local

train chalu ahet ka ajj ?? from kalyan  (sent from Vithalwadi)

what is status kasara train

where karjat train reached (sent from Vithalwadi Stn.)

what about 7.02 kasara from mulund???  (sent from Nahur)

what is the status from dadar to thane  (sent from Elphinstone Road)

what is centre line train status (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)

status of trains from cst to thane?

what about Dombivili to CST? (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)

are trains on time?

what is status of central line trains (sent from Belapur Cbd Stn.)

where is khopoli train (sent from Khopoli)

those who r at stations right now plz answer the questions... everyone is just asking questions only... (sent from Thakurli)

neral to ghatkopar on time?? (sent from Neral)

from where (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

what is problem (sent from Kalva Stn.)

what is the train status from ghatkopar to kalyan

are trains running from Ulhasnagar to karjat? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

ulta kaise ho gaya...cst stion ambarnath pahuch gaya??

trains are running between Ulhasnagar to thane? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

what is trn status (sent from Dativali Stn.)

kurla se Karjat train chalu hai kya?? (sent from Tilak Nagar Stn.)

is train running on time ? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

can tell me 9:35 from thane to badlapur train  status? (sent from Thane Stn.)

train status from thane to cst? (sent from Ghansoli Stn.)

vasai to diva, r the train running properly?

trains from Kalwa to CSMT..? (sent from Kalva)

u send from virar... why spreed rumers

are fast trains late as well?? (sent from Matunga)

is the slow train are running towards cst (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

sion??? (sent from Kalyan)

kurla to parel? (sent from Elphinstone Road)

is there any prob @Dom for slow train !!!

where is the Kasara train now?  (sent from Titwala)

where is 12.22 kasara??  (sent from Mulund Stn.)

badlapur Thane train Seva chal rahi hai ? (sent from Badlapur)

reply fast masjid to Andheri train working ?  (sent from Masjid Stn.)

central line is on or not 

borsai to Dadar? (sent from Boisar Stn.)

is there any water logging??

where is CST khopoli 

😂😂😂😂 Bahut acha hua that they didn't stop at Dombivli.......

any update for dadar to Kalyan? (sent from Borivali)

Karjat?  (sent from Vithalwadi)

are trains running on time? (sent from Tilak Nagar)

train late se chal rhi h kya?? 

hi. Are trains running from Matunga to Thane ? (sent from Matunga Road Stn.)

Thane to cst status ? (sent from Kalva)

why central trains are late (sent from Kalva)

Sion mein pani bhara hai kya ????????? (sent from Sion)

train status? (sent from Kopar Stn.)

how are trains from.cst to mulund (sent from Chinchpokli Stn.)

कल्याण कसारा ट्रेन वेळेवर चालू आहेत का ? (sent from Vasind Stn.)

cst se kalyan chalo hai kya? (sent from Vidyavihar)

What happen in central line (sent from Kings Circle Stn.)

trains are properly working??? (sent from Matunga Road Stn.)

CST TO KALYAN TRAIN ,PLS UPDATE  ME SIR ?  (sent from Cst Stn.)

what is the status if train from vikhroli to thane?? (sent from Vikhroli)

what is the status of Thane CST locals from PF 1. Are they late or cancelled? (sent from Thane)

khopoli train on kalyan station last 30 min what happen (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

chai pi lo? (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)

Are the trains crowded?

is the train running from Thane to cst (sent from Andheri)

what time exactly coming 10.05 khopoli train (sent from Badlapur Stn.)

is there any water logging on tracks from thane to csmt?  (sent from Mumbra Stn.)

is the central line between Thane and cst working fine?? delayed Is ok (sent from Dadar Stn.)

any train towards CST?

is thr NY problem?? (sent from Kalva)

guys what about karjat khopoli trains (sent from Karjat)

how are train from kalyan to cst

guys what status about badlapur to karjat (sent from Badlapur)

local trains chalu hai Kya?thane to kalyan

what is the status of local train running in central railway ?? (sent from Kopar Stn.)

from Sanpada tu Kurla ? (sent from Turbhe)

local are running between kanjurmarg to kurla????? (sent from Kanjur Marg)

what about Badlapur to CST? (sent from Badlapur)

dear Friend please update the train station from respective station, those who are on railway station on this chat 

9.58 Badlapur at Mulund status? (sent from Mulund Stn.)

ghatkopar to Mulund trains working? (sent from Andheri Stn.)

what is the status of Central train ? (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)

is the panvel route onn (sent from Taloja)

Kasara CST fast chalu hai? 

kalyan badlapur trains are running????? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

titwala train is working? (sent from Panvel)

Anyone tell why trains are not running between Bandup to Thane  (sent from Bhandup Stn.)

hiii what is status in today

hi 7.01 cst on time? (sent from Vasind)

trains are working from shahad till thane? (sent from Shahad)

what about the trains from Sion to titwala (sent from Sion stn) (sent from Sion Stn.)

where is An train (sent from Mulund Stn.)

 are trains running on time in central line ? (sent from Thakurli)

Is there any problem to dadar to Dombivili (sent from Elphinstone Road)

slow track between Nahur Mulund Jam, no idea what went wrong. kindly use fast track. (sent from Mulund Stn.)

at what station is the cst fast (sent from Mulund Stn.)

what's the status of trains from Thane to CSTM?? are they running?  (sent from Thane)

what is status of vasind and asangaon rlw stn

what about sion  (sent from Mahim Jn)

any thane local train?

what is situation at Kurla

trains are running or its stuck? (sent from Kanjur Marg)

kisine kurla cross kiya kya?

Kalyan jaane ke liye train chal rahi hai Kya? (sent from Nahur)

indrayani velevar aahe ka?

trainS are running normal? (sent from Kalyan)

kasara train on time or not?

No announcement at all this is how our system works (sent from Thane Stn.)

ambernath to Kalyan local status??? (sent from Ambernath)

how is the weather in thane? (sent from Virar)

Thane to Dadar trains are running on time? (sent from Rabale)

please reply.....mulund to matunga any issues?

kasara local on time ?

badlapur to cst train is running or not olz update?

is fast trains r on time???  (sent from Vithalwadi)

is central railways having some problem today ? (sent from Shahad)

status of local from kalyan to ghatkopar?

are the trains working from Thane ? (sent from Mulund Stn.)

is train running from dadr to vikhroli properly? is there water logging anywhere? (sent from Vadala Road)

Kurla to Dadar status? (sent from Vashi Stn.)

why train delay from kalyan toward CST is any issue (sent from Vithalwadi Stn.)

driver where is my car (sent from Airoli)

which fast train  (sent from Thakurli Stn.)

trains running from karjat? (sent from Karjat)

train status ? (sent from Vidyavihar Stn.)

what about train from thane to bhandup ? (sent from Rabale Stn.)

 at what time in the morning does the crowd starts to increase

how is the scenario in central line today? (sent from Lower Parel)

train is working now in central line?  (sent from Kanjur Marg)

ghatkopar to kalyan chalu aahet ka??????

just ambernath aaya?  (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

its really commendable how they motorman running the. train     (sent from Mumbra Stn.)

how much time it takes from Dadar to Lower parel 

when  this bottle neck at Kalyan will get solved...every day Karjar bound train he delayed due to this (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

chalu ahe ka train thane to badlapur? (sent from Airoli Stn.)

can you advise the reason behind this? if you are aware

dombivali to thane slow train working or not

cst say mumbra chalu hai kya plzz koi batao???

ohh!! are you superhuman , what if something bad happens to them , aren't u responsible

Thx Mahesh is there water logging at Kurla ?

what happen? (sent from Thane)

Can we reach to Mulund from Ambarnath ? (sent from Bandra Stn.)

train status from CST to Vikhroli? (sent from Currey Road Stn.)

kalyan ka kya status hai? (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)

thane-kyn? (sent from Kalva Stn.)

Ganesh nivalkar  are uh in train..? (sent from Mulund Stn.)

is there any problems in between thane to panvel local

what is the status c.r (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

 train is working properly in ghatkopar? (sent from Ghatkopar)

Udhar barish hai kya? (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)

thane to dadar ? (sent from Chembur)

what is the condition in kalwa station (sent from Kalva Stn.)

kalyan to dadar ?? (sent from Matunga Road Stn.)

Khopoli  train for 4.28 which station coming (sent from Khopoli Stn.)

are trains running properly ??  (sent from Dombivli)

What about Thane to Titwala (sent from Mumbra)

8.09 badlapur to karjat. any1 can tell the location pls? its 25min late (sent from Badlapur Stn.)

are their trains gng towards dwn side???

what is the exact issue (sent from Kalva Stn.)

any update on thane - ambernath? 

trains chalu aahet ka proper? (sent from Kalyan)

why trains are running late on Central railway line  (sent from Badlapur)

Transharbour chalu hai kya?  (sent from Airoli Stn.)

should i travel to andheri?  (sent from Kanjur Marg)

is trains available?

Dadar station is super crowded,  those you can afford to go by Ola consider that option  (sent from Vadala Road Stn.)

?

where is karjat train (sent from Diva Jn)

what's the status

what is the local train status (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

i feel ladies travelling in central line shud write to railways n protest (if unheard) for their first class coach position... it is between gents/general first class n gents/general second class.. it is a such position to b in during odd hours.. u can see how it is western line.. its @safe position (sent from Sion Stn.)

what is status of train from thane to cstm

what is status of karajat to cst trains

kindly provide me a information about all trains r running properly or not ? central line ? both slow or fast ?  (sent from Mumbra)

update from vikhroli to thane?  (sent from Vikhroli)

what about slow train

dadar la aali ka khopoli fast? (sent from Kurla Stn.)

kalyan se cstm ki taaf tren chalu hi kya?

hi guys.. is central line operating properly? (sent from Kanjur Marg)

is there is bandh today?

hii is train running running towards badlapur? 

Thane to kurla trains chal rahi hai? 

is csmt to kalyan trains running or not?? (sent from Govandi)

thane  se ambernath k liy Train chal rhi hai kya ??? (sent from Vithalwadi Stn.)

train late hai kya ?? koi btao ..muze job pe jana hai (sent from Dativali Stn.)

thane to cst any train issue? (sent from Thane)

is there anyone on Kurla stn (sent from Parel)

thane se aage train aa rahi hai kya amb ke liye??? (sent from Ambernath)

whether trains from Thane working? (sent from Thane Stn.)

Are trains working between Kalyan and Mulund? (sent from Shahad)

are trains working fine from ambernath?

trains are thane to ambernath running? (sent from Belapur Cbd Stn.)

which side trains? can you specify?  (sent from Dombivli)

bhai jane k liye rasta hai ya nahi ??? (sent from Ambernath)

me gharpe hu, me kidr jau ? (sent from Kalyan)

badlapur se dadar train chalu hai?

are train working on thane ? (sent from Sanpada Stn.)

Is mulund to cst working now?

train nhi hai bhout time se kya problem hai? (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)

The madness of this app is all questions and NO answers... I guess railway officials should actively participate here and give us answers and updates.. How difficult is that???  (sent from Kalva)

m not getting my reply????? (sent from Masjid Stn.)

what about shahad to cst (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

train's Time par hai kya???? 

Jo log yaha chat pe timepass kar rahe hai unko ofc jana hi nahi hai....unko sirf yahi padhna hai trains are not running...aur uska screenshot boss ko bhejne mile..lol (sent from Lower Parel)

is all train running properly ??

what is status of 7:15am Kasara train (At Kuala station) 

ठाण्यात पाऊस थांबला का? (sent from Kalyan)

kalyan to thane? trains are working?  (sent from Vithalwadi)

status ?? (sent from Vikhroli)

any update for CR? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

what is status of कसारा लोकल ३.१६ची लोकल किती  (sent from Dombivli)

bhandup to badlapur what's the status (sent from Bhandup)

central fast track status? (sent from Chinchpokli Stn.)

is there any problem at up line from kasara to cst (sent from Titwala Stn.)

kuch problem hai kya near kalyan or vithalwadi? (sent from Rabale Stn.)

ghatkoper to thane what is the speed.plzzzzzzz tell???

kalyan sey cstm chalri hai kya?

are the trains running on time ? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

is train working fine towards cst?? (sent from Dombivli)

fasega toh tu chhudane aayega kya???🤬 (sent from Andheri)

where is  badlapur CST fast

where is Badlapur fast train (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

what about thane to panvel trains???  (sent from Shahad Stn.)

what is situation at Sion ?

what is status of trains for karjat downside?

what about central line trains

what is the status of kurla station?

what happened in matunga (sent from Mulund)

all clear from Kurla to Shahad? (sent from Tilak Nagar)

what about Matunga to thane (sent from Matunga Road Stn.)

please give status about ghatkopar to Ambernath la train? (sent from Jogeshwari)

towards dadar from vikhroli...how much delay (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)

are the trains plying ? (sent from Cst Stn.)

where is khopoli csmt (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

is ladies special on time? (sent from Kurla Stn.)

कुर्ला ते कसारा/आसनगाव train schedule ओके आहे का??? (sent from Chunabhatti)

slow trains r having problem ? (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

train status from CST to Kalyan please ? (sent from Mahalakshmi)

where is karjat local (sent from Badlapur Stn.)

ghatkopar - thane status please ?

last train to karjat passed kanjur?

kurla to cst Kahi problem ahe ka?

from ulhasnagar to cst,what is status?

trains between ulhasnagar to dombivli are on time?? (sent from Kopar)

???? (sent from Vidyavihar)

central line chalu hai kya?? (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)

bhai driver so gya kya??? (sent from Nahur Stn.)

is there train for Dadar from Vikhroli station

kamyani express cancelle today or not

trains ka kya status he aaj?

Is central line working properly?  (sent from Belapur Cbd Stn.)

can someone tell what is the status @ Byculla

where is AN train  (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)

what is status of express from cstm to pune? (sent from Vadala Road)

???? (sent from Karjat Stn.)

cst train running ?? (sent from Mumbra Stn.)

where is fast train of ambernath (sent from Byculla Stn.)

train are on time?? ( from Kalyan? (sent from Kalyan)

which is the most crowded mumbai local route ? (sent from Belapur Cbd Stn.)

thane to Kalyan train chalu hai? (sent from Belapur Cbd Stn.)

any fast train expected @dombivli??  (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

kasara/asangao vrun cst trains aahet ka?? 1hr pasun stn vr aahe.. (sent from Asangaon Stn.)

are trains running from Kings Circle to CST ? (sent from Kings Circle Stn.)

846pm khopoli ? (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

At central line is there any problem?

is there any water logging on Sion railway track?

trains are running? (sent from Koparkhairne Stn.)

kasara to dadar status? 

what is the status of titwala train

train working??? (sent from Chunabhatti)

what is status of khopoli cst train at badlapur 9.39 am

any status of trains coming from kasara side? 

cst to Thane?  (sent from Sandhurst Road)

nahur to diva train status???  (sent from Nahur Stn.)

kalyan train ??? (sent from Kurla Stn.)

what about Thane to badlapur side??

are trains working fine from dadar to Kanjurmarg...  there is  What's Ap msg floating that train services have halted due to some technical issue in Vidyavihar..   (sent from Goregaon)

Maharashtra jansanpark kranti is thzz train running tmmrw?  (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

status?  (sent from Dombivli)

wat is the status of train from dombivli to fdmr? (sent from Dombivli)

what's the train status (sent from Vithalwadi)

which time morning train Will be start

trains are running or not??? (sent from Kalyan)

what about mahalaxmi exp is running on time or not

Are trains from Kasara to CSMT running on time??? (sent from Titwala Stn.)

karjat to kalyan ??

what about  status central line (sent from Thane Stn.)

what happened

where is Thane Badlapur train now?

whats d status of central line?? 

how much time (sent from Kalva)

are the trains running fine from DOMBIVLI to Cst? (sent from Dombivli)

is there a delay in central line

?? (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)

????? what hppen (sent from Vithalwadi)

how is rain in Bhandup..?  (sent from Lower Parel)

is it true??

खोपोली जलद गाडी ठाकुर्ली जवळ का खोळबंलेली आहे? (sent from Thakurli Stn.)

Kurla -- > Vikroli ? (sent from Juinagar)

what happened what late running train

what about Aasangaon trains???  (sent from Shahad Stn.)

kanjurmarg to cst train is there running?

what's the position from bhandup to dombivli (sent from Thane Stn.)

what about Powai rickshaws ?? (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)

Kurla to dadar barish hai Kya?  (sent from Titwala Stn.)

kalyan se trains late hai ?? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

what is stutars local tren thane to kalyan  (sent from Vithalwadi)

I heard government issue warning...in mumbai still heavily raining!!???

any idea regarding 7:04 fast train from thane to CST ? (sent from Thane Stn.)

trains from Airoli to thane working? (sent from Airoli Stn.)

is it raining in Mulund...? (sent from Sion Stn.)

after mulund slow trains are running property?

train running on time frm kalyan ? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

central train chal rhe hai kya? (sent from Nerul Stn.)

mulund to sion what's the status (sent from Mulund Stn.)

Are slow trains available towards Dadar? (sent from Vidyavihar Stn.)

trains between thane kalyan working fine? 

what is the issue @ thane (sent from Mulund Stn.)

where is Karjat fast at Dombivli 10.30? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

is there train from Ghatkopar to karjat?  (sent from Kurla)

are trains running on time?

byculla to sion - are trains running on time? (sent from Mira Road)

all ok at ambernath up to dombivli? (sent from Kopar Stn.)

are trains working? (sent from Vidyavihar)

dadar to ambernath.. any issue? (sent from Dadar Stn.)

5.30 kalyan 15 car ?? (sent from Elphinstone Road Stn.)

diva to vasaie chalu ahe ka?  (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)

what happened at dombivali Station Plat form number 1 why so much crowd there anyone knows  (sent from Dombivli)

trains are running from karjat to Mumbai? (sent from Karjat Stn.)

are the train working ? 

where is Kasara fast (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

is train coming from kurla to Dadar? (sent from Juinagar Stn.)

train to taxi to rikshaw working? (sent from Koparkhairne Stn.)

what's status between kalyan nd ambernath?  (sent from Dockyard Road Stn.)

what is stetus train to vashind from cst (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

kalyan train status ?? of 11:51 (sent from Vidyavihar Stn.)

internship ko Jana hai thane to jogeshwari .. niklu Kya ?😅

Bro Metro Chalu hai kya???? (sent from Masjid Stn.)

Kurla to Ambernath? (sent from Sewri Stn.)

is water logging in dombovli station??

what is the status toward thane from ghatkopar (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)

 trains kitni late h ??

Fast train?  (sent from Mulund)

are train running towards Kalyan???

train chalu h???   (sent from Gtb Nagar Stn.)

where's the train

trains available from Thane to Sion? (sent from Byculla Stn.)

from thane to csmt trains r running or not???  (sent from Airoli Stn.)

where has 11:48 cstm fast local reached???

is balapur fast...of 8.11passes form dadar? (sent from Khar Road Stn.)

what is status of central line? (sent from Nahur)

is 9.47 Kalyan - Dadar (15 car)  left from station?  (sent from Kalyan)

what about cst se kalyan  (sent from Charni Road)

trains are working on vadala to kurla? (sent from Vadala Road Stn.)

are trains running between thane and bhandup?

byculla to mulund working?  (sent from Grant Road)

is there train cancelled from thane stn?  (sent from Thane)

is there any water logging in thane

Is there a train from VT to Thane?

thane to ambernath trains are running on time??

hii..what is the status from thakurli?? (sent from Thakurli Stn.)

is train running from Ghatkopar to Dombivli? (sent from Ghatkopar)

thane to vashi trains are working or not ? (sent from Ambernath)

what is update from valsad to church gate (sent from Turbhe Stn.)

what about the trains status of karjT to thane? anybody can tell me? (sent from Badlapur)

anybody know about it?

where there  is kunjvihar (sent from Sandhurst Road)

what's problem .. indicator did not shows the train (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)

any problem central railway?? (sent from Vikhroli)

Trains are running between karj at and kalyan on time? (sent from Ambernath)

what is kalyan to csmt current status (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

Is trains are running from Vikhroli to Lower Parel? (sent from Vikhroli)

what is the status of central line trains are all on time r any update (sent from Boisar)

what is the status of central train

cst to thane train status? (sent from Vikhroli)

is kurla cst central line running on time? 

what about dadar to mulund (sent from Matunga Stn.)

where is ladies special (sent from Sion Stn.)

Karjat trains ?

CSMT ते डोंबिवली चालू आहे का ट्रेन? (sent from Sandhurst Road Stn.)

Does kasara train has halt at thansit station?

are train working from dombivali to cst?  (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

Thane se Churchgate ki trn chal rahi hai na? (sent from Cst)

chalu ahe ka?????  (sent from Karjat)

train status ??

9:04 Titwala to CST status? (sent from Titwala)

i want to go to neral.! train chalu hai?  (sent from Borivali Stn.)

what about megablock (sent from Cst)

आज कल्याण कि और जनवली ट्रेन्स पोरबलं है क्या?

cst to thane working?

cst to Kalyan chalu h? (sent from Vithalwadi)

what is update of Thane to cst train (sent from Airoli Stn.)

is trains working properly or not

where is it raining? (sent from Shahad Stn.)

what about Dombivali to cst

what about Sion (sent from Nalla Sopara Stn.)

trains are running from shahad?? (sent from Kanjur Marg)

train band hui? (sent from Thane)

any update on CSMT - THANE slow line? thank you  (sent from Chinchpokli Stn.)

train for Dadar status ....????  (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

on time or late? (sent from Chunabhatti)

Gajanan vada pav khula hai Kya? (sent from Chembur)

what's central railways and harbour railways position  ?. (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)

central line express on time? (sent from Koparkhairne)

are the local running fine.....? (sent from Ghatkopar)

If you know then Pls call me on 9167082081..

are thane cst trains running?

is there any issue at kalwa? (sent from Kalva)

what about thane local? (sent from Dadar Stn.)

are you kidding? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

is there heavy rain warning on mumbai (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)

dombivli to Ghatkopar?

kasara to Csmt working please ????

rane to kalyan chalu ahet ka train? (sent from Mulund Stn.)

8.36 thane Nikla kya ??? (sent from Masjid Stn.)

kurla se time pe hai kya? (sent from Govandi Stn.)

what's the status in Ghatkopar. any trains towards Thane?

what the status of kalwa to CST any update please share (sent from Kalva)

what about govandi to kurla (sent from Govandi)

I am in fast train from ghatkopar to dadar when I saw that man on tracks marr pada nrar sion (sent from Matunga Road Stn.)

thane 2 kalyan chalu ahe ka?

parel to Bhandup, Is train Working? plz let me know 

what's problem in central line (sent from Dadar Stn.)

12.53 CST slow ?? (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)

how about local train update now (sent from Dombivli)

what's the problem, somebody know? pl.tell us (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)

khopoli left from kurla? (sent from Mulund Stn.)

trains from Kalyan to cst running late? (sent from Kalyan)

........................................................... m..................................... m.............................................................. m.................m.,..... m.? . ... ....  (sent from Vithalwadi Stn.)

what's status of local from thane to dadar

what is train status towards cstm (sent from Dombivli)

how is weather conditions near CST (sent from Shahad Stn.)

harbor line chat pe pucho (sent from Mulund)

CST to dombivli chalu aahe ka?

cst to diva status? (sent from Churchgate Stn.)

is it raining in thane??

Kiska muh dekh k utha tha? 

Ulhasngr se train let haii kyy.??

y the mail route is changed? (sent from Dombivli)

Thakurli from kurla train running yes ya not..? (sent from Thakurli)

dombivli to kanjurmarg status?  (sent from Kopar Stn.)

what is the status of local trains (sent from Mumbra)

is 10.42 fast local from badlapur to cst left badlapur?  (sent from Vithalwadi Stn.)

Kal mega block ka time kya hay? (sent from Titwala Stn.)

time for megablock ?  (sent from Santa Cruz)

 local train status please?

is trains are on time towards csmt?? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

11.30 fast local from dombivali left or not

Are train from kalyan running on time ? (sent from Shahad)

central line chalu hai kay? (sent from Sewri)

5 41 am slow from Badlapur to CST reaches Ghatkopar at what time (sent from Ambernath)

which Mumbai Mazgoan or Mumbai Jalna there are two (sent from Byculla Stn.)

Sion. to dadar running? (sent from Gtb Nagar)

hello Trains from ghatkopar?

trains status from byculla to thane? (sent from Mahalakshmi Stn.)

any mega blocks?

what's the update on cst train?

what is current status of csmt to kasara train.

cst to thane trains are running?  (sent from Airoli)

center line  is clear???

what about dharavi railway station  (sent from Thane)

what is the status trains from kanjur marg to csmt ? (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)

train status? (sent from Masjid Stn.)

trains r working between kurla Ghatkopar? (sent from Chembur Stn.)

ghatkopar to badlapur train status please? (sent from Jogeshwari)

are central line trains running on time?

What is situation of thane kurla route (sent from Thane)

what Is the status of Kalyan to Cst .can anyone tell me ? (sent from Vithalwadi)

kurla to cst? (sent from Vidyavihar)

yes, I want to know?  (sent from Rabale)

4.55 fast from thane how much delay (sent from Thane Stn.)

really? (sent from Vithalwadi)

CST to Kalyan? (sent from Marine Lines Stn.)

trains at vidyavihar?  (sent from Vidyavihar Stn.)

where is asangaon train (sent from Shahad Stn.)

what is the status of 9.32 badlapur?  (sent from Thane Stn.)

daar to thane ? 

central fast train running or not? (sent from Airoli)

badlapur ke liye trains hai kya? (sent from Ghatkopar)

Thane to airoli trains chalu aahe ka? (sent from Virar)

are Pune trains running on time? (sent from Bhandup Stn.)

CST to Kalyan chalu hai kya ? 1:19 Ko nahur Mai Anne wali thi (sent from Nahur Stn.)

badlapur 7:06 ???? it can be let ?

train chalu he???

are fast trains running on time from Byculla? (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)

CST to Thane are slow trains working? (sent from Lower Parel)

what is the status of fast train is it running on time (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

good morning , Kalyan to Karjat trains are on time ? (sent from Kalyan)

9:35 kalyan to kasara current status? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

thane to kalyan trains are working?

from Kurla ??? status  (sent from Chembur Stn.)

karjat train status..? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

what's the train status to Kurla ? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

any train running from vikhroli to kalyan...?? (sent from Vikhroli)

what abt train status of Kalyan to karjat

what's the train status from shahad to cstm? (sent from Shahad)

what the situation at badlapur to csmt trains  (sent from Badlapur)

any status of mulund? (sent from Dombivli)

where is khopoli local (sent from Ambernath Stn.)

is train running on time? i want to go from dadar to virar from kalyan (sent from Ambivli Stn.)

are train 5 10 mins late..?  (sent from Shahad Stn.)

Asangaon fast dadar la aali ahe?  (sent from Kurla Stn.)

vashi to thane trains r running ? (sent from Kharghar)

University jaa sakta hoon kya? Is it possible today? (sent from Karjat)

is trains are running from karjat to cst..?

badlapur खोपोली train status?  (sent from Badlapur Stn.)

status??  (sent from Ambernath Stn.)

ghatkopar to dombivali chalu hai kya?

what is train status of Ulhasnagar to neral side ? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

what's the issue

are on time?? (sent from Matunga Road Stn.)

is there any train left from thane for cst? (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

asangaon cha status kay aahe?

???? (sent from Thakurli)

kiti teh kiti ahe khopoli warun?? (sent from Khopoli Stn.)

Why trains are late today? No sign of rains anywhere (sent from Mulund Stn.)

how much time train is block

pk? mein piya nahi hoon

current status of local trains ??? (sent from Mulund)

has the 7.33 CST fast left thane yet?? (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

how ll I go from neral to matheran

which train cancel (sent from Shahad)

Thane to Ghatkopar chal rha he kya nhi ?

r u traveling in the train ?? (sent from Mahim Jn Stn.)

no trains? (sent from Thakurli)

byculla to kalyan train status?? (sent from Elphinstone Road Stn.)

what about local train on central line...is it running??

karjat train kaha hai..?? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

ambernath to thane train hai kya?  (sent from Ambernath)

karjat to cst?  (sent from Karjat)

6.20 dadar - kalyan from platform2 why not moving???  (sent from Dadar Stn.)

kalwa to cst chalu hai kya??? (sent from Kalva)

why train slow kalyan (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)

status of vidyavihar?? is there water logging

is skywalk at thane had fallen down... ???? (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)

what is status of churchgate trains  (sent from Bhayander)

what's the status of train I want to travel to Mulund from Matunga  (sent from Matunga Stn.)

kurla to dadar??? (sent from Kurla Stn.)

train status towards cst?

are trains running from thaane to cat? (sent from Kalva)

diva se kalva train chalu hai ky?  (sent from Dativali)

is train working to going cost????  (sent from Mumbra)

thane to cst trains working or not ? (sent from Airoli Stn.)

where is kalyan semifast? (sent from Dadar Stn.)

where is 10:27 train

Hi, Will there be trains running to Ambernath today?

is there megablock today from kalwa to mulund (sent from Kalva Stn.)

ट्रेन चालू है क्या? (sent from Kalva)

????

are the train working?  (sent from Ghatkopar)

thane to cst running? 

where is the 9.33 Thane badlapur (sent from Mulund Stn.)

where are you karjat train (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

Hi, what is the child age eligible for half ticket for our locals (sent from Mumbra Stn.)

9.35  krjat train kuthe ahe ?? (sent from Badlapur)

Thane to cst train status ?? (sent from Thane)

Badlapur CST train time pe hai kya?? (sent from Badlapur)

from sion badlapur train status? (sent from Mahim Jn)

what about the trains from titwlaa? are they on time? (sent from Shahad Stn.)

train working from masjid to dadar?  (sent from Masjid Stn.)

diva to cst trains update?

thane to kasara train chalu ahet ka??? (sent from Turbhe)

what about cst fast train status at there??  (sent from Badlapur Stn.)

dombivli to CST?? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

where is the mega block (sent from Thane Stn.)

Kasara train status? 

cst kurla train status? (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)

how much delay?? (sent from Mulund)

central trains r on time?? (sent from Vithalwadi)

train r on time? (sent from Elphinstone Road)

kalyan to cst train will be run 11 to 4 pm time today?  (sent from Thakurli Stn.)

trains r on time? 

Ulhasnagar to thane trains running? (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)

wat about thane to Dombivli??? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

khopoli wala koi hai kya idhar... Zenith Waterfall chalu hai kya..? 😎 (sent from Sandhurst Road Stn.)

 is there any issue nearby kanjur stn ? (sent from Kalyan)

what is the status of train. Is there any water logging. (sent from Dombivli)

kalva to cst are trains working properly?? (sent from Airoli Stn.)

are Mumbai Pune express on time?

are trains working from ulhas to matunga?  (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

what is the train status at mulund? towards kalyan  (sent from Mulund)

cst to kalyan local train running on time?  (sent from Cotton Green Stn.)

wat abt harbour line status? (sent from Vikhroli)

any problem in kalva..??train stand on platform (sent from Kalva Stn.)

dadar to ghatkopar slow train kitni deri se chal rahi he?

time is not an issue, are train working for badlapur????????

on which platform is the badlapur csmt train arriving on  (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

Dadar to Ambernath status ?????

central chalu he kya ?? (sent from Andheri)

kaha h Asangaon? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

what is the status of Central line train????

any update? (sent from Kalyan)

is thane underwater? 

please someone tell me thane to Dombivali?

what is the status of train from CST to Kalyan  (sent from Churchgate Stn.)

morning train kalva to cstm what time??

pan tu tar slow ne jatos na re? (sent from Thane)

what is the status of train between c.s.t to Thane ?? (sent from Mahim Jn)

ghatkopar se fast train chalu hai kya? (sent from Ghatkopar)

kurla to thane running?

Are trains running? (sent from Karjat)

hi what is the current status  (sent from Badlapur)

where is 6.19 dadar - kalyan

is Kalyan thane trains on time ? (sent from Khandeshwar Stn.)

where is 8.26 kasara from shahad

any updates on dadar kalyan trains? (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)

matunga to thane? (sent from Kings Circle Stn.)

where is kasara? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

train on time from dadar towards badlapur??? (sent from Mahim Jn Stn.)

Trains are working ?  (sent from Shahad)

bhai thane to ghatkopar train chalu hai kya ? (sent from Bhandup)

are train running for ambernath?  (sent from Nalla Sopara)

are the trains running on central?

Thane to Badlapur chalk h Kay?? 

Are the trains running or not from Ambarnath to CSMT?  (sent from Ambernath)

what about kalyan to csmt

are trains running from thane to kasara?  (sent from Shahad Stn.)

train from Asangao are late or ontime?? (sent from Vasind)

what iz the status of Kurla to Dadar  pls (sent from Kalyan)

dombivali se nahur trien chalu hai?

what is the status of train from Ghatkopar to Thane? (sent from Andheri)

kurla to Dadar train chalu ahet ka?

thane to dadar trains are on time ??? (sent from Bhandup)

train frm Dadar to Kalyan working? 

What is Thane to cst

train chalu hai kya Kalyan ke liye ? (sent from Gtb Nagar)

what is the train status from Ghatkopar to kalyan

What is the status of Central line? (sent from Jogeshwari)

malgadi nigali ka? 

dadar to thane (karjat fast local) is on time? (sent from Dadar Stn.)

trains chalu aahet ka ??

pr trains jari h na?

12:40 train is there from khopoli???

what is the situation of train update  (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)

kalyan to badlapur? (sent from Sion Stn.)

what is the status for the trains from sion to thane? (sent from Gtb Nagar)

kitna late? (sent from Vikhroli)

where is 8.27titwala from thane?  (sent from Ghansoli Stn.)

is there any water logging in kalyan -thane route ??

ghatkopar se train challu hai kya?

what about Thane to kalyan train

Dadar Matunga mai barish ruk gayi hai kya? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

how is the position now, r trains running upto thane (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)

?? (sent from Dahisar Stn.)

train teek chl rhe h na?? (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)

thane to cst trains are running ? (sent from Mahalakshmi Stn.)

what was the problem  (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

from where

ghatkopar to thane status?

Kasara train cst se nikli hai kya? (sent from Thane Stn.)

Hey there Is travelling from kalyan to ghatkopar recommended? (sent from Shahad)

what is the status of trains going towards Kalyan/Ambernath

Vagani not raining.... In mumbai which location it's raining kindly share....  (sent from Vangani Stn.)

how much late

cst trains are on time ? (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)

what is train status? (sent from Dombivli)

where is 1:38 CSMT fast train  (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

thane se 6:27 ka CSTM fast local kaha pe hai? Any idea? (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)

Diva to kalyan train chalu aahe ka? (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)

Karjat to cst fast is on time ?? (sent from Ambernath Stn.)

Hello trains chalu ha cst side aane ki??? (sent from Byculla)

central railway is on time ?????? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

10minute late hai train to announcement karo na that train is late...she is saying train is coming... (sent from Shahad Stn.)

any fast trains for cst reaching dadar?? (sent from Sion Stn.)

csmt to Kalyan working fine? (sent from Andheri)

trains are on time???? (sent from Grant Road)

9:25 cst fast from donbivli?? (sent from Dombivli)

any status from asangaon friends? (sent from Asangaon)

train status from Thane to Csmt?

train running on time? towards thane and Koparkhairne

train on time from badlapur towards cst? (sent from Badlapur)

ghatkopar to cst working Kya ?

towards cst? (sent from Mulund Stn.)

are trains running? (sent from Elphinstone Road Stn.)

what about local trains states (sent from Parel)

are there any trains running between Kalyan to karjat?

Hello trains are running on time? (sent from Nalla Sopara)

Are Thane - CST trains running fine?

why so much problem today (sent from Mumbra Stn.)

trains running on time????? pls advise (sent from Belapur Cbd Stn.)

is train working from kalyan to cst??? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

are trains in central running on time?  (sent from Andheri Stn.)

how are trains from Thane towards CST

I want to go to cst from Kalyan train are running slow by what time do update

trains are running for badlapur?? (sent from Koparkhairne)

are central trains coming on time?

what happened to cst fast trains....no trains in the last 40min (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

Guys, is are the rails waterlogged at Sion station?

us there kasara trains are running??

vikhroli to CST ? (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)

what is the latest update on central railway (sent from Chembur)

train status from kanjurmarg to thane?? 

what accident???? (sent from Nahur Stn.)

whether trains are running to karat ? (sent from Vashi)

what is problem you tell now (sent from Kalva)

is there a problem going on Down slow local (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

what's happened Balapur- CSTM not moving (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

what about trains from shahad (sent from Shahad)

go to Western line chat (sent from Byculla Stn.)

is the train on time ? (sent from Kanjur Marg)

what about 8.3 karjat at kalyan  (sent from Kalyan)

are trains on time?  (sent from Mulund)

please update status of trains how late are they running 

how are trains placed between ambernath and dadar due to today's mega blocks

train chalri kya Mumbra se csmt?

how is train situation in thane (sent from Airoli Stn.)

is kunjvihar open today? (sent from Badlapur)

is problem solved?please update (sent from Nahur)

kurla to cst train is working?  (sent from Kurla Stn.)

11062 which train  (sent from Vidyavihar)

what's the status at kurla? need to go to BKC (sent from Byculla Stn.)

    ghatkope xx. l ??d?d? good ,  !  म|  !  ,xp p p??,  !p ?,pp p  ar ka.       ,?tne bake ki i m (sent from Thane Stn.)

where is kasara fast train now? (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)

are trains are working properly from cstm to Mumbra ???

Dadar to ambernath what is status (sent from Elphinstone Road Stn.)

Mulund to Shahad.... train status?? (sent from Mulund Stn.)

train schedule on time ?? (sent from Rabale Stn.)

दादर कल्याण ??? (sent from Thane Stn.)

thane - panvel train chalu hai kya..??

is trains running between Thane & Ghatkopar? (sent from Thane)

kurla -thane are on time?

what is status of Ambrnath to CST? (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)

water logging at Kurla or Sion ??

status of cst to thane? (sent from Chinchpokli Stn.)

is there any water logging in Mumbai? (sent from Badlapur)

where is ladies special (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)

Is there megablock today in central line in thane-kurla route?? (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)

cst sliw q ny aa rahi h..?😣. (sent from Thane Stn.)

thane to kalyan train status??

bhai Ambernath train kaha pohchi hai? Abhi tak Dombivli nahi Aya? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

are trains on time? (sent from Matunga Stn.)

trains are running on time or not ? (sent from Cst)

can we file RTI ? (sent from Kalva Stn.)

status of trains from kurla?? to kanjur

status of trains till dadar? 

kurla to currey road train chalu aahe ka ? (sent from Juinagar Stn.)

I have to go to college in byculla shall I leave from ghatkopar or not? (sent from Vidyavihar)

what's Indian railway deepali (sent from Kalyan)

train from thane to kalyan?? (sent from Belapur Cbd Stn.)

Vidhyadhar to Mulund status?  (sent from Chembur)

is there any water logging at Mulund ? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

any local which has passed kalyan ? (sent from Kalva Stn.)

train chal Rahi hai kya ?  (sent from Badlapur Stn.)

stop asking same questions again and again. central trains are running late by 15-20 minutes but still running. Stop acting like kids. Saw a comment which said central me bhi bridge gire to trains band ho.. pathetic 

are trains on time??  (sent from Badlapur)

what is the train status.. 

Badlapur saathi train aahet ka ? (sent from Thakurli)

what is central line status (sent from Kalyan)

plz update thane to CST train are working or not

is train are working from sion to cst side? (sent from Mankhurd Stn.)

what happen to central line train?? (sent from Belapur Cbd Stn.)

Ghatkopar to Ambernath?

did kasara fast train come ? (sent from Kurla Stn.)

Kalyan to mulund?

How much time the train is taking to reach Thane from Ghatkopar??

Thane to Ambernath.. are trains working.??

my train is 2mins late what is dis? (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)

thane CST train status ? (sent from Nahur)

How many minutes train delay right now  (sent from Dativali)

kasara local? (sent from Shahad)

where is 7:14 badlapur from cst (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

metro is running na ? (sent from Kanjur Marg)

amber to dombivali  train r running?? sent from ambernath 

ghatkopar to dadar are trains on time? (sent from Mulund)

dombivali to ghatkopar? (sent from Nilje)

are locals running on Central line? (sent from Airoli Stn.)

is train working? 

Ghatkopar to kalyan status pl?? 

train band? (sent from Ambernath Stn.)

any update on rikshaw at kalyan? (sent from Thane Stn.)

but trains are late, what is the reason  (sent from Mira Road Stn.)

how much late for Central line train towards karjat (sent from Chembur)

trains are running?  (sent from Churchgate Stn.)

hi, what is status of trains coming from Kalyan to Ghatkopar ?

brilliant, any idea how much would be  cost for 1st class ticket ? (sent from Karjat)

central train thane st to cst running on time ? (sent from Thane Stn.)

are kalyan to thane trains running? (sent from Andheri)

train is running Kalyan up ??

heloo... train update from Thane to Ghatkopar??? Please (sent from Ghansoli Stn.)

do we have intercity today in the evening from pune?

6:51 dombvli to cst fast kaha hai? (sent from Thane Stn.)

what is dombivali to Karjat status? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

karjat train status? ?

is there any problem at sion? (sent from Borivali)

thane to Badlapur trains are running or not?  (sent from Airoli Stn.)

kalwa phatak is broken, due to which trains are facing signal issue and are running 30 mins late from Thane to Mumbra

the trains are competing to see who reaches their destination last. p.s. for all the Sheldon Coopers out there, this is sarcasm. (sent from Bhandup Stn.)

what about kasara (sent from Kasara Stn.)

murgi kya anda ?

What does mumbai central mean  (sent from Nahur)

central railway people don't know how to manage local train (sent from Ambernath Stn.)

is there train available from Thane to cst?  (sent from Kalva)

pune Express status?? (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)

is 12.01 karjat cst running on time ??? 

kasara side locals are on time or late?

what is status of central line train. (sent from Vasai Road)

CST to kalyan train are running? (sent from Chembur)

ulhas to kurla ? (sent from Shahad)

Any delays on C.R ? (sent from Vithalwadi)

Titwala Jane ke liye Koi pareshani hai Kya?  (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)

Kalyan see titwala abhi block hai? (sent from Airoli Stn.)

?  (sent from Thakurli Stn.)

how is the rush in mumbra to thane??

what's the problem (sent from Nahur Stn.)

tumhi Badlapur station la Aahat ka (sent from Badlapur)

byculla to ghatkopar trains running?  (sent from Reay Road Stn.)

what about cst to badlapur (sent from Marine Lines Stn.)

trains are on time from shahad?  (sent from Shahad)

train chalu h kya..?

is thane train running or cancelled as usual??

Where is cst fast????

what is train status now vidya bihar? (sent from Vidyavihar)

hi we have openings in a lot of MNC and bpo call centre free placement and training if you or any of your friends are looking for a job please call or what's app 9987849997

mumbara to cst?

trains are running from badlapur towards cst? (sent from Badlapur)

mumbr to cst  train chalu h kya ??

why fast trains are late today?? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

Central trains are working ?? (sent from Thane)

khopoli fast train status?? (sent from Dadar Stn.)

central line is working?

what about karjat khopoli trains (sent from Mulund Stn.)

from Thane to Kurla? (sent from Mulund Stn.)

wht abt status ulhasnagar to cst fast trains?  (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

7.15 cst train is in time or not?? (sent from Badlapur)

 central status??

thane to dadar status kya hai ? (sent from Airoli Stn.)

Hi are trains on time for CST? (sent from Diva Jn)

thane local cst to thane 7.04 what time arrival (sent from Byculla)

Ghatkopar to cst  is running  regular now???  (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

@Kalyan user. what is the status of Asangaon CSMT fast local, 8:13 at kalyan (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

Are trains running from Ulhasnagar to CST? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

Are trains are running ? What about water logging at kurla sion 

are the train running on time?

are trains from Ambernath to cstm plying? (sent from Ambernath)

dadar to ghatkopar? (sent from Dadar)

r trains from ghatkopr to thane side running?

The person who's caught the train from Thane, how smoothly are they running? are they taking way too long to reach? (sent from Thane)

kalyan 2:48 cst fast kaha hai? (sent from Thane Stn.)

trains r on time or not

are trains available from  Kalyan KO kasara ??? (sent from Vasind Stn.)

thana to Dadar train status? (sent from Airoli)

what about thane to cst? (sent from Thane Stn.)

where from dadar 10.42 Badlapur fast local? (sent from Dadar Stn.)

what is the status from Dadar to thane (sent from Borivali)

r u sure nitesh?

hello what the status of ghatkopar can should I travel? (sent from Dombivli)

what is a status abt Badlapur bhiupuri trains from cst? (sent from Chunabhatti)

What is the status of train from thane to cst

ट्रेन चालू आहेत का???

what happened near mulund...trains are getting late by more than...40 min??

 kalyan cst 15 car status? (sent from Thane Stn.)

?  (sent from Thakurli Stn.)

are trains working from bhandup to ghatkopar?? (sent from Bhandup)

Ulhasnagar to Thane status?? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

? (sent from Mulund Stn.)

or what (sent from Ambernath Stn.)

kurla to ulhasnagar trains r running or what .? (sent from Kurla)

what is d status at ambrenath? (sent from Rabale)

what is central train status? (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)

what about last thane train? (sent from Matunga Stn.)

what is the situation of Aasangaon station

what is the status of trains from thane to badlapur

what is train status from kalyan to csmt (sent from Shahad)

what status of csmt kasara fast?  (sent from Kanjur Marg)

where is Kalyan to CSTM fast train now?

train started or not ? (sent from Dombivli)

why kya hua (sent from Chembur Stn.)

Cst to Kalyan ?? (sent from Mulund)

why to worry. You can come there with a boat to help all of us. stop spreading wrong news (sent from Nahur)

Train for bhiwandi road from kopar is cancelled? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

Are trains running from Kalyan? (sent from Bhayander)

what's  the status from dadar to kanjur  (sent from Matunga Road Stn.)

what is the status of trains running from  titwala to kalyan

ambernath to cst running or not

ambernth to Goregaon . anyone going? (sent from Ambernath)

Are trains on time from Kalyan? 

what is the status of trains towards Kalyan? (sent from Airoli Stn.)

u sure?? (sent from Nilje)

did titwala reach kurla any updates ? (sent from Bhandup Stn.)

Dombivli to thane are trains running?? (sent from Belapur Cbd)

karjat train kaha par hai??

what is the status of central line Kalyan ti cst

what is status kalyan

Train late hai ka?  from dombivali

train chal rahi hai kya bhailog? (sent from Koparkhairne Stn.)

Is there any chance of flooding at Kurla stn tomorrow?

anyone at mulund?? any train left for thane side from there?? please rply (sent from Thane Stn.)

1:32 ka cst fast on kalyan aya k nhi? (sent from Thane Stn.)

thane to dadar kya status hai?  (sent from Turbhe)

 want to move from Sion to Dadar. please tell me are the trains running on time?

is it very crowded between Thane & Kalyan? (sent from Airoli Stn.)

how did you escape them?? kaise bache aap unlogo se

what about train status in CR?

Me Jaa raha hu Kam pe mere sath aayega kon? Kitni bhi barish gire mere sath train me fasega Kon? Bahubali scene as per current situation.  (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

train chalu ahet ka ...?? (sent from Kalva)

train kalyan k aage ja rahi he ki nhi??? (sent from Santa Cruz)

what about 15 car (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

Are trains from Kalyan to cst on time?  (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

ghat kopar to csmt train chalu hai ? (sent from Ghatkopar)

any update of fast train from badlapur side towards cst? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

cst to vikrohli?? (sent from Masjid Stn.)

water logging in Sion? (sent from Mulund Stn.)

trains working ??

are Central lines ok ? (sent from Jogeshwari Stn.)

?

Thane dadar train on time ?

are the slow trains coming from CST? 

is there any problem at kalyan? trains are not moving ahead? (sent from Badlapur)

thane se trains barabr h kya to down??

Train are running on time or late? 

is thane dadar trains are moving? (sent from Kalva)

what sts from dadar to dombivili train?  (sent from Mahalakshmi)

are kasara cst locals running late ? (sent from Kasara Stn.)

hi.. is 6.50 train from thane to csmt from.platform 3, a regular one ? (sent from Thane Stn.)

can you please keep sending updates? (sent from Dombivli)

trains r running today ? (sent from Koparkhairne)

Just a query to understand :

mulund!!!!! ? 

what is the issue between Bandra to virar pls update (sent from Bandra Stn.)

hi where is Bhandup fast

trains r on time or not

 Hi, if any one is traveling towards Mumbai plz update trains are running or not

9.50 kalyan cst?? (sent from Thakurli Stn.)

fast trains are working fine or not?

What is staus of central line ??

thane trains update?

Thane to matunga status?  (sent from Thane)

are trains running from dadar to thane? (sent from Lower Parel)

is train is on time or not? (sent from Mulund)

where is 11.40 karjat train (sent from Badlapur Stn.)

central line trains are late? (sent from Karjat Stn.)

status of Khopoli fast?? (sent from Bhandup Stn.)

what's the status of 12:44 Khopoli  train from Ghatkopar  (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

What is the status badlapur to cst train

what is the status for trains from ambernath to cstm

what's the status of 11 cst fst from dmbvli (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

pl give info about local from kurla to matunga is it working? (sent from Kurla Stn.)

anybody reached ?? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

khopoli status from Mulund ? (sent from Mulund Stn.)

amb to thane ?? (sent from Ambernath Stn.)

kurla to dadar train ????? (sent from Vashi Stn.)

ambernath thane train chalu hai kya? (sent from Ambernath)

Sion duba ? (sent from Kandivali)

thane to karajt...?

titwala to CST Calu he Kaya??? (sent from Titwala Stn.)

are slow locals from cst to kalyan running? (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)

1:10 train from cst to titwala on time ???

their was annoucement at thane station that some trains will be cancelled and trains are running late (sent from Thane Stn.)

toward cst ट्रेन्स are late?

currey road to thane is working ? (sent from Lower Parel)

r central trns wrkng ?

what about the csmt to karjat train ?

what the f yaar

express train in schedule or delayed from CST?

mulund  to  badlapur trains are running...? (sent from Mulund)

what is status of kalwa to CSTM slow?? (sent from Thane)

kal morning trains chlu hai kya?

Kalyan trains are working?

how is the situation at Kurla Sion? (sent from Elphinstone Road)

dadar train chalu ahe ka.....? 

Is the train were going on time

what is a problem between shahad and ambivli (sent from Sion Stn.)

what abt kurla to kanjurmarg.., (sent from Kanjur Marg)

What is status between Thane and Dadar  (sent from Bhandup)

any status about train?? (sent from Nalla Sopara)

train status from titwala to csmt...?  (sent from Titwala)

what's the status on Central line (sent from Kalva)

what about thane to kalyan

what is time table for megablock (sent from Shahad Stn.)

train from titwala to CST??

train prblm? (sent from Ambernath)

read Western line chat

Is tea stall outside Thane station open???

thane se 8:25 CST fast platform 4 se jaati hai na? 

where is fast train towards cst (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

why (sent from Kurla)

from ghatkopar? (sent from Ghatkopar)

cst to dadar on time chal raha hai kya?? (sent from Byculla Stn.)

what is the price for train pass (sent from Dadar)

what is the status of local train on central line

8:50 thane left for cst? (sent from Nahur Stn.)

Thane to Bhandup chalu hain Kya? (sent from Airoli)

currently where is the train? (sent from Thane Stn.)

Kasara se aauragabad ki tikit rs?  (sent from Titwala Stn.)

what about Sion to Thane  (sent from Mahim Jn)

which train? (sent from Thane Stn.)

what about trans harbour?

what about 6.23 cstsm fast at diva? (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)

bhai log what is train status??  running on time  (sent from Dombivli)

2 bolas na magashi?  (sent from Tilak Nagar Stn.)

trains are late.. but which train did not arrived yet woh bhi bolo (sent from Juinagar Stn.)

ambernath Jane train hai ? (sent from Vidyavihar Stn.)

is central railway working?

Dadar se Kalyan train chalu hai kya ?  (sent from Matunga Road Stn.)

guys i really need help.. please tell me should i go to college or not?  (sent from Ambernath)

where is khopoli train (sent from Mumbra Stn.)

Sion me Pani bhara hai kya? (sent from Bhandup)

Pooja Iyer u r from Mulund ???

what is train status from kalyan to kasara (sent from Atgan)

what is status from titwala to cst 

bro you are on wrong chat. come to western railaway chat.

BADLAPUR to cst train chalu hai? (sent from Badlapur)

plzz say are trains running from vithalwadi to dombivali?????? (sent from Vithalwadi)

is there mega blocks for central line (sent from Kalva)

Office kon kon challay? (sent from Vadala Road)

Kalyan to cst?? 

was it late?

thane cst train working??  (sent from Kharghar)

dombivli Se Koi train gai he Kya?  (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

Vidyavihar to Dadar? (sent from Vidyavihar)

what is train status between mumbra to dadar

how much late  (sent from Parel)

where u r

kurla bridge is quite narrows do something or construct other bridge to get down at kurla when both up n down comes together it becomes inconvenient to passengers (sent from Kurla Stn.)

bandra train ahe ka...? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

any up trains running from Kalyan?

dombivali se ulashnagar train chalu hai ?? (sent from Dombivli)

what is the status from Dombivali to Dadar (sent from Dombivli)

Karjat to cst fast is on time? (sent from Ambernath Stn.)

what r  status from ambernath to CST 

khopoli train status? (sent from Karjat Stn.)

Mumbra to thane chalu hai kya..??

vithalvadi to cst चालू है???  (sent from Vithalwadi Stn.)

cstm - Kalyan ? (sent from Matunga Road)

Cst vr n kalyan la yenya satyi train? (sent from Thakurli)

what about karjat trn  (sent from Thane Stn.)

where is the 8:52 dadar (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

trains are running between kalyan and ambarnath ? (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)

western line trains are working or not

any problem on central railway ?? (sent from Airoli)

Sion Station is flooded?  (sent from Matunga Road Stn.)

?? (sent from Vikhroli)

thane. to kalyan train how much delay (sent from Borivali Stn.)

how about trains from dombivli

Thane to Dombivli working? (sent from Sanpada)

why stop near kalyan of 9.29 badlapur to cst  (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

what's the position dadar to ambernath train can they running

bailgadi chalegi ? abhi bheji hai government ne

what about kurla to ambernath?  (sent from Chunabhatti)

is the train going on time from thane to cst (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

what about Khopoli to cst? pls update (sent from Khopoli)

kalyan to sion? (sent from Vithalwadi)

what about western railway?  (sent from Kalva)

what is the current status of central line trains (sent from Mumbra Stn.)

why is cstm khopoli fast train late. it's standing on Kalyan station from 15 min?

trains status central line for fast trains? how delay they are? (sent from Thane Stn.)

why cany railways shut for some time people ate sitting like fools for three hrs...i left kalyan around 12 and still travelling for cst...  (sent from Sandhurst Road Stn.)

are trains running properly from Dombivli ??? (sent from Dombivli)

Thane to Vashi trains on time ? (sent from Bhandup)

what about koperkhairane station  (sent from Koparkhairne)

which train is arriving ghatkopar??

any problem in Kalyan to CST track due to fluds? (sent from Kalyan)

where is Thane train 6.00 ka (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)

what is the trains position

hello anyone please help to get the update... is there any issue in running status. . is trains are running from kalyan to cstm? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

hi friends. what is trains status from Thane to cstm (sent from Mulund Stn.)

where have the ladies socl reached, it was stucked at Bhandup? (sent from Borivali Stn.)

Kal cst se karjat mega block Hai kya?  (sent from Masjid Stn.)

Where is the Karjat that reaches Kalyan at 12:15?  (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

thane station k indicators chalu nhi h..??  going ambarnath. . kaise smjhega train konsi aane wali h..??   (sent from Thane Stn.)

is trains are on time or not ? (sent from Badlapur Stn.)

are locals today on time or delayed ?

Ambarnath CST train chalu aahe Ka? 

actually what happened (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)

train running bahut to dadar ? (sent from Nahur Stn.)

what is the position at Kurla Station?

what's status between Ghatkopar ambernath (sent from Vidyavihar)

thane to ambernath trains there or not

why the hell trains are late now n then every day even though there is no rain...just saying "asuvidha ke liye Hume kheed hai" doesn't solves our problems...indian railway must be the worst railways in world (sent from Thane Stn.)

7.07 ki ghatkopar kaha hai koi batayega??  (sent from Ghatkopar)

running properly? (sent from Nilje Stn.)

mulund may Kya sceen hai ? any update?

Any update on Khopoli trains? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

can anyone say at which station is towards thane train (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)

khopoli train? (sent from Lowjee Stn.)

does trains are running on Time??

what abt central line (sent from Turbhe)

Central line trains towards CSMT are on time or delayed due to rains?  (sent from Cst Stn.)

klayan se down side k liye train chl raha hai kya?? (sent from Vithalwadi Stn.)

Is any issues on Mulund station?

Ulhasnagar to thane local Chalu he kya????  (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

anyone??a little urgent. need to go to goregaon from chembur (sent from Govandi)

what Happened between Kalyan and Dombivili (sent from Kalyan)

train is delayed or what? (sent from Badlapur)

anyone in cst slow train towards kurla ? (sent from Kurla Stn.)

is trains towards csmt to thane working fine? (sent from Kalva Stn.)

what is status of titwala to cstm  (sent from Titwala Stn.)

has anyone reached to CST from kalyan? (sent from Vithalwadi)

Ghatkopar to dombivali local working or not??? (sent from Ghatkopar)

Diva Vsai Trains Are Running?

hello... are trains running from thane to dombivli? (sent from Airoli Stn.)

Is train from Kalyan running ???? please update.....anyone..... (sent from Mulund)

ghatkopar to thane trains?

8:18 Thane train from kalyan?

badlapur to csmt rute clear ? (sent from Badlapur Stn.)

are trains running fine on central ?? (sent from Boisar)

what is the status at Sion station (sent from Sion Stn.)

asangaon...where reached ..? (sent from Mulund Stn.)

where is kasara train

what about central line ? (sent from Dockyard Road Stn.)

what about thane to cst local trains! its running on tym or not? (sent from Koparkhairne)

9.45 From karjat  train now at which station? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

what's the status of train

any bhandup stopping train ? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

are there rains?

why are the trains late

can We Go From Dombivli To Matunga? What Is Current Status?  (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

what about karjat train? (sent from Badlapur)

what about central line now the status

ghatkopar te ulhasnagar chalu aahe ka?

baad me problem hojaayega Kya?

are trains running till thane? (sent from Kalyan)

what is the status of thane vashi trains? (sent from Airoli)

anyone travelling on Central line, are trains running ? (sent from Ambernath Stn.)

take care even if we leave home rain won't allow us to return? (sent from Vadala Road Stn.)

what's the status of central railwaya (sent from Nahur)

trains from Kurla to Dadar? (sent from Kalyan)

sab train time per hi k? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

trains from bhandup to dombivli running on time ? (sent from Thakurli)

ambernath to thane train r working? 

Any problem in between vidyavihar to Kanjurmarg?  (sent from Tilak Nagar Stn.)

Kurla to Thane train status? (sent from Kurla)

trains are running on time? 

thane to badlapur 1.06 ki train mai koi problem huva hai kya?

are trains from thane to cst running?!

thane train started??  (sent from Vidyavihar Stn.)

central line status towards cat? (sent from Ambernath Stn.)

what is Central line Train Status (sent from Ghatkopar)

Train sab chalu hai.... Koyi chuti maat lena ghar par aram karne k liye bahat chuti hogya Saturday, Sunday aur monday bhi hogya abhi sab ghar se niklo  (sent from Vidyavihar Stn.)

what is status if trains leaving from Kasara to CSMT

which channel (sent from Dombivli)

kalyan chya pudhe train chalu aahet ka?  (sent from Bhandup)

train bund ha kya??

any update of Vikhroli to Titwala trains? (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)

Trains are runnig on time??

what??  (sent from Badlapur Stn.)

is there any train issue. should we have to go home. it's raining too much. are the train on time (sent from Jogeshwari)

ghatkoper dombivali Cal raha hai Kya ??

thane to cst? 

down local chalu kiya h kya?! (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

where is ladies special (sent from Dativali Stn.)

what is the status of train running between csmt and kalyan (sent from Vithalwadi)

train problem?

u reached kalva?

any train from amb to car? (sent from Ambernath Stn.)

rain has started again what about trains are they running safely  (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

yaar dombivli se ulhasnagar ke liye train avalaible hai kya?

what is the status of titwala to cst

hi badlapur train running?

is there western train start from chruchgate to borivali? (sent from Masjid Stn.)

kalyan to kurla trains are running or not

trains between Thane & Mumbra are on time ..if late by how many mins??

are train from mulund to badlapur on time???

Trains kab band hogaa bhai?? (sent from Dombivli)

tommorow no any express cancellation news ?? (sent from Vashi Stn.)

what's  the status  of train from dombivali??? (sent from Kopar)

are tarins moving from borivali to dadar? 

what is the train status from ulhasnagar please tell me (sent from Vithalwadi)

? (sent from Bhandup Stn.)

ledise special train stuck in Bhandup any update what is the problem  (sent from Bhandup Stn.)

is there any problem with thane to Kalyan train s??? (sent from Belapur Cbd Stn.)

anyone travelling in 1.28 Thane cstm ,what's the status (sent from Thane Stn.)

train are working Sandhurst road to Vikhroli?? (sent from Sandhurst Road Stn.)

how crowded is thane to kalyan train.at platform 2 thane (sent from Vashi)

why are trains not running towards Kalyan? any idea? (sent from Nahur Stn.)

what is problem for delay? (sent from Kalyan)

guys any idea about central line ?

is the train on time from cst to thane (sent from Elphinstone Road Stn.)

why to trin stustas (sent from Dombivli)

CR on time? (sent from Thakurli)

7.29 dombivli left or still at platform?  (sent from Dombivli)

trains working?? (sent from Mulund)

vidyalay station naya bana hai ka bhai ?☺️☺️☺️

are the trains running properly in central line?? (sent from Airoli)

how much time is train late (sent from Cst)

what is the current status of train from ambernath to cstm  (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

any train towards cst left from Ambernath or badlapur now?  (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)

train towards karjat status?

what about Dombivali to cst 

train is working?

Trains r working or not? 

only slow trains?? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

i am new in mumbai kanjur marg to thane line is clear ?

are trains working till thane? (sent from Mahim Jn Stn.)

Status at dombivli ? (sent from Dombivli)

which train dear (sent from Titwala Stn.)

what's the Status of 7:35 Asangaon- CSMT train? (sent from Dombivli)

Titvala train on time or not

trains are running properly ? (sent from Shahad)

Are Thane starting trains running? (sent from Airoli)

seriously?? (sent from Charni Road)

are train running on time?

dadar to Thane??? (sent from Andheri)

How many mins does down trains are late

Thane to chembur, chalu aahe? 

This is Central Line chat, please refer to Western Line for Western Line. (sent from Thane Stn.)

 what about kasara train please update  (sent from Cst Stn.)

11.58 khopoli status ??

status ?? 

thane to kurla trains are running or not?

cst to mulund is running well? (sent from Masjid Stn.)

what's the status right now in central side??  (sent from Badlapur)

Thane to ambernath??

kalyan to ghatkopar everything is clear? 

what is status of diva  ss (sent from Kalamboli)

kasara to cst local is on time ?

trains from csmt to karjat  on Tym???  (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)

what's the status of central railway

is there any issue at bhandup station (sent from Bhandup)

status from CST to thane?  (sent from Sandhurst Road)

are the trains in time or are they running late ? (sent from Vikhroli)

are trains running on time?  (sent from Mulund)

trains from Thane to cst/Dadar on time ? (sent from Churchgate Stn.)

aisa kyu ? (sent from Chunabhatti)

trains on time?

are trains of time? (sent from Santa Cruz Stn.)

what is happening at mulund (sent from Byculla Stn.)

aare itna bhavuk hone ki kya zarurat hai?

pls confirm cst to dombivali...? (sent from Goregaon)

what is the frequency  from Ghatkopar to Dombivali now

where is asangaon cst fast train... did it reached thane pls tell me urgently (sent from Mulund Stn.)

10.37 cst fast from titwala what is status? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

are trains stopping at Nahur? (sent from Thane Stn.)

current status from Thane to kalyan? (sent from Airoli Stn.)

what is the status of trains running frm dombivali to csmt

What's the status between Dadar Vikhroli??  (sent from Charni Road Stn.)

anything serious? ia it commutable?  (sent from Bhandup Stn.)

where is karjat train 3.33?? (sent from Thane Stn.)

central railway is on time? (sent from Kalva)

what is status from Kalyan st to dadar 

Thane me TC dikh rha hai kya? (sent from Dombivli)

@Dipesh mehta.....train chalu hi gyi hai na kalwa to mumbra???ya abhi bhi ruki hui hai?? (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)

are trains working from thane to dombivli???

????

should I carry an umbrella ? going parel from thane.

what about kasara train  (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)

what is the status of central line (sent from Grant Road Stn.)

are trains from ambarnath to kurla running on time?

where is Ambernath train? 8.15 (sent from Bhandup Stn.)

please tell me byculla to thane status ? (sent from Byculla)

are trains running towards thane?  (sent from Chembur Stn.)

is there is any delay in vikhroli to csmt (sent from Vikhroli)

what status andhei station

what are they announcing?  (sent from Badlapur)

what is status from kurla to thane (sent from Chembur Stn.)

what's the status of the train where it's Puri Kurla train which was supposed to cm.at 8:00 in the morning (sent from Cst Stn.)

what is current status of Thane - kurla section ? (sent from Thane)

kurla dadar chalu hai train?? (sent from Govandi)

From Kurla train is running?? (sent from Chembur)

9:47 kalyan Dadar 15 car status? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

Kya trains Kalva crossing ke bad thik se chal rahi hai ?? (sent from Thane)

? (sent from Ghatkopar)

ghatkopar to Kalyan? train status?

where is 8.50 badlapur train from thane? (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)

what is the status of trains... from ghatkopar towards kalyan (sent from Ghatkopar)

what is Dombivali to cst train status (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

trains available from Ghatkopar to Kalyan?

will there be high tide today ?

what's the train status for Ghatkopar to Badlapur (sent from Nahur Stn.)

Trains are on time? (sent from Ambernath)

where is khopoli train

kalyan ke aage(badlapur) train chalu hua...? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

kasara 8.50 any update ?? (sent from Sandhurst Road Stn.)

trans harbour is on time ? (sent from Thane Stn.)

what about khopoli train (sent from Andheri)

any status for diva-vasai train?

what  about  satus for central train (sent from Airoli)

what about up trains ? (sent from Ghatkopar)

what is the problem?  (sent from Kalva)

where is titwala cst train (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

what abt Harbour line from CST ?? (sent from Cst Stn.)

since the bridge has collapsed at Andheri, any way the train is coming to Panvel? (sent from Andheri)

train why stop nahur station (sent from Bhandup Stn.)

what is status of trains?

trains from Kly to CST? (sent from Kalyan)

what is statue about fast trn frm kalyan?? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

status of asangaon to Thane train? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

what is the status of train from mumbra

thane cst local running?  (sent from Thane)

updates? (sent from Grant Road)

is there train from Dadar to kalyan (sent from Grant Road Stn.)

is train on time frm Ambermath to Dadar?  (sent from Ambernath Stn.)

what status of kopar (sent from Kopar)

???? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

Ghatkopar se badlpur ke liye koi gaadi hai kya ?

thane to cst trains are on time? (sent from Kalva)

wats d status from ghatkopar to dadar?

can I leave from to Zadar how are train (sent from Borivali)

what's the issue

kalyan to karjat train chalu hai Kya? (sent from Churchgate)

any update from sion/kurla?

what about ghatkopar?  (sent from Mira Road Stn.)

where has train reached (sent from Shahad)

Byculla to thane working? (sent from Sandhurst Road)

trains are running on central line??

running in train? come run in our marathon in ghatkopar ❤️ (sent from Vidyavihar)

what's the location of 9.23 am asngaon from titwala

Guys, Kalyan to Thane. What's the running status? (sent from Shahad)

are trains working from neral to cst??  (sent from Neral)

ambernath to thane train chalu aahe ka?

trains on time from Mulund to Kalyan?  (sent from Mulund)

train running status??

Train working lower parel to dombivli???? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

pakka na??  (sent from Mulund)

Thane to karajt train Calu hain kya???  (sent from Thane Stn.)

Dadar to CST trains running fine??  (sent from Elphinstone Road)

thane to kalyan train runing ? (sent from Grant Road Stn.)

Central train status?

kopar to CST train status?  (sent from Kopar)

where is 12 24 Thane.... (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

what's the current status of trains? (sent from Airoli)

what is the status of dombivli to thane local?

bhandup to cst?  (sent from Nahur Stn.)

mulund to cst status?  (sent from Koparkhairne)

trains are running at least 30 mins late. those who are in office now don't leave to avoid getting stuck in train. leave by 5pm.  there is still waterlogging on tracks.  heavy rain is stopped at dadar. it's drizzling here take care (sent from Lower Parel)

which accident  (sent from Elphinstone Road Stn.)

status of down trains to kasara??  (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

Dadar train which should have reached Vikhroli by 9:55 is coming at 10:29 (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)

dombivli to ghatkopar???? (sent from Chembur)

centeral line chalu hai kya? 

What is the status between kurla and dadar? (sent from Belapur Cbd Stn.)

is it raining in Kalyan???? (sent from Badlapur)

Thane to asangaon?? (sent from Thane)

trains running from Dadar to thane? (sent from Grant Road Stn.)

what is the status of ambernath , badlapur train (sent from Vikhroli)

are trains operating between Kurla to Thane ?  (sent from Tilak Nagar Stn.)

what are position of train?  (sent from Neral Stn.)

badlapur to kalyan?  (sent from Badlapur)

so far no trains starting  from Thane to cst. those which comes from Kalyan side proceeding.  (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

any updates on vidarbha express? Is it on time ?

can I get WhatsApp helpline no? (sent from Thakurli Stn.)

Thane to kanjurmarg? (sent from Airoli Stn.)

has karjat train frm thane left? (sent from Badlapur Stn.)

CR train status Kay..? (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)

are trains crossing sion / matunga ?

please any one tell me status about kasara to kalyan?

Panvel to csmt train kab start hogi? (sent from Khandeshwar Stn.)

dadar to boisar what are status  (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

are trains on time towards cst? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

thane to Vashi status ? (sent from Mulund)

it's raining at Mumbai???  (sent from Badlapur)

12: 23 CST slow still not reached vithalwadi...? (sent from Vithalwadi Stn.)

sion to cst train running?? (sent from Gtb Nagar)

 cst to titwala train chau aahet ka....? (sent from Shahad)

Ghatkopar ke liye trains h? (sent from Bandra Stn.)

i m at bhandup i want to go matunga should i leave my house? (sent from Bhandup)

badlapur to csmt working?  (sent from Ghatkopar)

where is 7.18 kalyan cst train

karjat train hai na ? (sent from Kopar)

trains are on time or what 

why the train is stuck near bhandup? (sent from Bhandup Stn.)

Dombivli to Ghatli par? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

is kurla thane local running?  (sent from Govandi Stn.)

When there is a train blast, all of us go to work next day. When it pours heavily our spirit is watered & we sit at home. MERA BHARAT MAHAAN, AUR BHARATIYA USSE BHI MAHAAN. (sent from Dombivli)

what about kurla station (sent from Mulund)

dadr to badlapur trains are runing? (sent from Jogeshwari)

mumbra to cst?

what about tyane to csmt

 are trains running towards karjat?  (sent from Kopar Stn.)

everyone is asking only...anyone who knows weather the trains are running or not 

???? (sent from Masjid Stn.)

what status know kalyan train

what i the current situation

dadar to thane??

today trains are open na???  (sent from Goregaon)

kal train hai kya chalu any update for central line???

what is the status from kurla station (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

where is 1.22 badlapur cst fast?

is train services normal in central line? from kurla to dadar?  (sent from Shelu Stn.)

karjat to Thane train running??? (sent from Thane Stn.)

central line current train status?

is all trains are going properly in cst to Titwala (sent from Lower Parel)

trains are delayed or on time? (sent from Vikhroli)

where is khopoli train

any update on situations outside Kalyan station ?

are you serious, what the hell, what happened at sion (sent from Thane Stn.)

what is exact problem in central line (sent from Bhandup Stn.)

Konala mahit ahe ka?  (sent from Kharghar)

Trains are running from thane??

is there any trains problem today

what about csmt to atgaon (sent from Masjid Stn.)

Are trains safe for children or not today?

ghatkopar to cst status? (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

where is train for Ambernath,  Badlapur.... No local (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

what about thane to badlapur

same questions local are working or not.... train are late. what...??? Same questions plz type... plz scroll up. and watch messages (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

train chalu है ky?

thane to kyn?? (sent from Thane Stn.)

where is asangaon train right now? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

what happened..???  train are late (sent from Kopar Stn.)

who said? (sent from Kings Circle Stn.)

are trains running from CST to thane?? (sent from Marine Lines)

what about cst to thane  (sent from Currey Road Stn.)

Are trains running fine till Ghatkopar from Thane side? (sent from Airoli Stn.)

please confirm kalyan to thane train status?

karjat - dadar chalu ahe ka?? (sent from Karjat)

fokat time pass mat karo chat par, chup chap jaldi sab office pahocho (sent from Matunga Road)

Train status?  (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

train status Thane to kurla ????

what happened in Ghatkopar???

बदलापूर ते ठाणे ट्रेन चालू आहेत ना ?? (sent from Koparkhairne Stn.)

what's problem? (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

trains chal rahi hai kurla tak? (sent from Kanjur Marg)

1:53 fast from thane to kalyan is running ? (sent from Thane Stn.)

all train between nahur to Kalyan running fine ? (sent from Nahur Stn.)

train chalu aaste ka??

what is tha status dadar to thane tell me plz

kalyan to cst train chalu aahet ka?

what is fast train status .from Dombivli to Cst fast trains  (sent from Kopar)

trains are on time?? (sent from Ghatkopar)

Thane to panvel chalu hai kya ??  (sent from Thane Stn.)

how r trains beyond kurla (sent from Ghatkopar)

what is status of  down trains (from kanjur)

where is the 7:51 Kalyan fast from Kurla (sent from Kurla Stn.)

Are train running between cst to badlapur?

trains from Thane to Kalyan? (sent from Airoli Stn.)

kyu fast nahi hai?

how much time is taken?

is there any issue from kalyan to csmt ?

what is the current status of up locals? (sent from Dombivli)

thane to dombivali train is running? (sent from Thane)

CST fast which platform (sent from Thane Stn.)

asangaon & kasara la janarya train ch status kay ahe.....?

what about CST to thane train.... please update  (sent from Lower Parel)

what about update mulund to cst

hi charu are u stuck ? (sent from Chunabhatti)

what's the status of Mulund-Titwala train?  (sent from Mulund)

please share status of 9.17 Pm Asangao train  from Kalyan ?  (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

7.15 cstm fast from Badlapur is on time or not ?

are trains on time btwn ghatkoper to thane?

is train there from ambernath and ulhasnagar? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

kalyan to karjat train chalu hai kya?? (sent from Ambivli)

holiday isn't declared for schools and colleges, right?  (sent from Thane)

what's the status of Thane to CST train

trains on time or delay??? (sent from Kurla)

barish ki wajah se train late hai kya???? 

what is the train status from dombivali toward cstm

may i know abt the train delays?? (sent from Badlapur)

is there any water logging news? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

 is Asangaon 7.04@Vikhroli is on time??

are trains running from Thane to cst??

Is there water loging at kurls (sent from Thane)

aree trains on time for kalyan side??  (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

what about trains From ghatkopar to csmt? 

what the train situation in dombivali  (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)

train condition Kya hai ulhasnagar se?? (sent from Shahad)

dDadar to Kalyan train. time per hai Kya?

wher is the 08:28 thane fast reached?  (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

is central train working properly??? (sent from Chinchpokli Stn.)

What is the issue at dadar railway station? (sent from Elphinstone Road)

what is the train status from Thane to badlapur 

??????  (sent from Mulund Stn.)

is there any delayed in local trains (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)

Thane Status?

I need to travel from Vikhroli to Parel... should I leave or avoid?  (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)

what situation at kurla working or not (sent from Juinagar)

Diva to Ghatkopar train chal Rahi hai kya ..? (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)

is mega blocks in central line?? ghktpr to Kalyan?

mulund trains?? (sent from Kopar)

What is the train status  from dombivali to thane (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

train status form Kurla? to thane

ठाणे ते सीएसटी लेट आहे का??? कळवा ला आली का स्लो ट्रेन??? (sent from Thane Stn.)

Mumbai pune train is working??  (sent from Kalva)

thane to cst line any issue??) pls update (sent from Kalva)

any update on trains from Titwala to Thane? Can someone please update. (sent from Belapur Cbd Stn.)

status of kasara train from csmt? (sent from Mankhurd Stn.)

what about kalwa to cstm (sent from Kalva)

where titwala train for 9:54 (sent from Titwala Stn.)

where is 6:55 CST to Kasara  train

kalyan to cst status ? (sent from Vithalwadi)

what happened  (sent from Vikhroli)

status kya hain central line ? (sent from Kalva)

what's the current train status? (sent from Nahur)

what's the train status from Kalyan to Dadar (sent from Thakurli Stn.)

mumbra to cst?

what about badlapur (sent from Vikhroli)

thane to kasara timing ? 

Are trains kind of late??  (sent from Badlapur)

where is Kasara train from Kalyan? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

dadar to ambernath chalu hai kya? (sent from Mahim Jn)

kurla to mumbra train chal rahi hai Kya? (sent from Kurla Stn.)

what a statue of the CR  (sent from Matunga Road Stn.)

it is late by how much time  (sent from Tilak Nagar Stn.)

what is status of central line (sent from Goregaon)

any trains from dadar to Thane? (sent from Vasai Road Stn.)

train status frm cst to thane?? (sent from Masjid Stn.)

fast train 2.06 from dadar is on time ???? (sent from Dadar Stn.)

kalyan se sion tak slow trains chalu rahegi kya 12 baje? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

trns status? (sent from Turbhe)

reason ? (sent from Kurla Stn.)

train are running from Dadar to Badlapur??? (sent from Elphinstone Road Stn.)

is train running properly from kalyan?

trains are working??  (sent from Dombivli)

is any one coming towards cst ?? (sent from Elphinstone Road Stn.)

any karjat train between CST and byculla?? (sent from Byculla Stn.)

??

Koyal Status Of Thane?

how much time it will take

is there train running between kalyan to ambernath

are trains from Thane to Kurla on? (sent from Santa Cruz Stn.)

ambernath 2 thane train status kya hai?

shahad to CST train are working? (sent from Shahad)

is central lines trains are running properly??? (sent from Shahad)

what is the status of train between diva to Mulund 

what about khopoli -cstm  or cstm to khopoli?? (sent from Lowjee)

any updates about train?? (sent from Dombivli)

pls update 9.54 Thane cst fast running on time?  (sent from Mulund)

what is current status of karjat to pune express or passanget (sent from Badlapur)

are trains running from  dadar to kalyan ????

how much late train?? from thane to cst train?  (sent from Rabale Stn.)

is the train from Dombivali to Dadar Running ?? (sent from Nilje)

thane jane vali trains chalu hain? (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)

what's the status of trains from Diva to Thane? (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)

trans are working....?  (sent from Mulund)

trains are running ??

why are trains late today?

Is it raining heavily anywhere?

anybody there ? (sent from Kalyan)

Kalyan to Thane ? (sent from Shahad)

 is there is any train running upto sion ? (sent from Diva Jn)

badlapur se train chalu hai Kya? (sent from Badlapur)

train frm shahad? (sent from Shahad)

what about kasara  (sent from Kopar)

plz tell me kalyan to kasara updates....???  (sent from Karjat)

are cst kalyan trains on time?? (sent from Cst Stn.)

dadar from ghatkopar? (sent from Dadar)

is any propem in between bhandup to thane (sent from Nahur Stn.)

dadar se diva local chalu hai kya? (sent from Andheri)

train status till Dadar from Kurla???? (sent from Kurla Stn.)

is it raining now in mumbai?

anyone travelling from or to kasara?

train chalu hai kya Thane to CST????

is there any problem between Vikhroli and Kurla .. due to water logging on tracks (sent from Chunabhatti Stn.)

what about Thane to CST ? (sent from Bhandup)

what is current status anasangon to thane local train (sent from Vasind Stn.)

where is khopoli train which comes at thane by 8:10 (sent from Thane Stn.)

where is thane train  (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)

hey.....trains for pune on time? (sent from Chinchpokli Stn.)

Are trains running very late?

n wat abt frm thane to badlpur trains?? (sent from Ambernath Stn.)

what about sihgad ex  (sent from Bhayander)

Is central railway on time ?? (sent from Chinchpokli Stn.)

what is the status of train from Thane to CST

status of dadar to thane ??? (sent from Elphinstone Road Stn.)

what issue in shad ?

Hi what's the situation out there.Are trains moving properly

is there a mega block? (sent from Dadar Stn.)

can anyone tell me where is 1.32 fast ?? from Kalyan ?

where is karjat fast local reached? (sent from Kurla Stn.)

are trains on time? (sent from Vithalwadi)

what about thane to dombivli  (sent from Airoli Stn.)

friends central trains are on time ???

hii should I leave for dadar from ambernath? ?

what about badlapur train status? (sent from Koparkhairne Stn.)

what happened rush jayada hai train me ? (sent from Andheri)

thane cst is working or not 

what is the issue... why trains are late  (sent from Kalva Stn.)

is there any issues in central line (sent from Bhandup Stn.)

10.42 train from badlapur is on time ?? (sent from Badlapur)

what does this mean? trains Workin or not? 2 dots after no are confusing 😋 (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)

what's the train status towards kalyan (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

why trains cancelled now.... it is not raining for last 1 hr.... 

what's the status of trains?? is there delay beyond thane (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

Now what time take train to travel from kurla to dadar (sent from Kharghar Stn.)

trains are shutting down ???? (sent from Vidyavihar Stn.)

Has the Dadar- Badlapur left from dadar

what is status of trains?? (sent from Andheri)

Friends trains are running late or not in central line...?  (sent from Vithalwadi)

kurla to thane trains .  what's the statur (sent from Tilak Nagar Stn.)

karjat 7.19 cst status plz ?  

where reached kalyan fast (sent from Kurla Stn.)

thakurli to dadar train status plz?  (sent from Thakurli)

slow for thane? (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

towards kalyan status? (sent from Mulund)

Ajj trajn band hai kya ? (sent from Kalyan)

what about ambernath to thane

thane to dadar chalu hai kya train?

Dadar to Kalyan Ko train's chalu hI kya ??

agodar train let asatat ani suthalya nantar pn tya madhech thambun thevatat 1-2 hours...???? (sent from Shahad)

Late or stopped? (sent from Ambernath)

what is the status of train from dombivali to cst (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

hi .today's megablock?????. (sent from Vithalwadi)

what about fast..?

diva to vasai train chalu hai kya ?

why ? (sent from Thakurli Stn.)

local towards ambernath is running?  (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)

anybody at Sion station? what is the status? (sent from Nahur Stn.)

any idli Wala selling ideli near railway station... ? (sent from Tilak Nagar)

why not increase train frequency at this time from CSMT (sent from Cst Stn.)

I want to go from LTT to Thane How to go

current status please ?,

any delay?  (sent from Nerul)

what is current situation

is thw fast local running from churchgate to dadar???

train late ahet ka up down???? (sent from Vidyavihar)

what is the status of central railway from virar (sent from Virar)

what about train from khopoli??  (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

what is the central status..any prob? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

Dombivli / Ghatkopar kya status h train ka.?  (sent from Dombivli)

what is status of central line

any updates for cst fast local? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

are train running normally from cstm to kasara ??? (sent from Chunabhatti Stn.)

I have to take a flight from domestic airport. How is the train running from Dombivili to Ghatkopar section on C Rlwy.? (sent from Thakurli)

any idea why trains on Central line are not moving (sent from Nahur Stn.)

is escalator available on platform No. 6 in Thane? (sent from Vile Parle)

Dadar to Thana train r running or not??? (sent from Vile Parle Stn.)

 Train between kanjurmarg to CST running on time???  (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)

cst to kalyan train status plz? (sent from Charni Road Stn.)

Let aahet ka? (sent from Thane)

what is status of kurla arb. (sent from Kurla Stn.)

वाशिंद जवळ पुला खाली पाणी वाढलय? ABP News seen just.. (sent from Nilje)

? (sent from Thane Stn.)

yes but what is the problem  (sent from Kalva)

11.32 ambarnath left frm kalyan?

kya Kalyan se CSTM trains chal rahi hai? 

Kalyan to CST Any updates???  (sent from Vithalwadi)

Are trains on time from asangaon? 

where is karjat train? 10.29 @Kalyan (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

thane status?  (sent from Nerul Stn.)

bhandup to kalyan?? any update  (sent from Bhandup Stn.)

when cr services resume please mention here (sent from Vikhroli)

1042 badlapur from dadar on time ? (sent from Dadar Stn.)

trains are running from CST to Kalyan side?

please reply.....mulund to matunga any issues?

what abt kurla

??

just heard an announcement at Vikhroli station that all fast locals facing some issues (sent from Vikhroli)

what's the status frm vikroli to thane?  (sent from Vikhroli)

Train are going ahead of thane? ?  (sent from Thakurli)

what is aasngow to cst train status?

what about Thane to Karjat trains?

???????? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

Are trains going from Mumbai to Dadar?  (sent from Mulund)

are you sure?  (sent from Kanjur Marg)

trains late ahe ka?? time varti ahet (sent from Kanjur Marg)

karjat to  csmt.  train time to time Hai  kya  ??

Trains r working? (sent from Shahad)

what about vashi to thane ??? (sent from Rabale Stn.)

where is 9.48 cst fast train  (sent from Badlapur Stn.)

Kalyan to kurla train chalu hai kya? (sent from Kalyan)

what is the situation of train goin towards kurla

mandovi express Mumbai to madgaon departs from which platform from thane (sent from Mira Road)

shahad to kurla route are ok or not

don't know when they will run trains on timr (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

what is the update of trains from dombivali to dadar (sent from Goregaon Stn.)

are there trains running from Thane to cst?   (sent from Thane)

DIva vasai chalu hai ky?

Anyone update at Sion station?

any problem? (sent from Mulund)

are trains on time?? (sent from Mulund)

churchgate to virar ?

ambernath to cst??

what is status of central railway trains towardscst (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

5:55pm badlapur on vikriti status? (sent from Vikhroli)

what's the current status of train  from ambhrnth to cstm (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

parel to kurla train chalu hai kya?? (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)

mulund to kurla chalu h?  (sent from Mulund Stn.)

what about kurla to parel? (sent from Chembur Stn.)

KYN to MULUND train running status ? (sent from Kalyan)

local trains are running ??? (sent from Masjid Stn.)

why  (sent from Airoli)

kalyan to cst train chalu hai kyaa??? (sent from Kalyan)

ambernat train at kalyan which plateform come (sent from Nahur)

nallasooara to churchgate train chalk hai kya ???

kasara CST trains on time? (sent from Santa Cruz)

where is the 10.17 karjat train from thane (sent from Kalva Stn.)

what about vidyavihar to cst? (sent from Vidyavihar)

any update for ghatkopar to thane?

train is perfect from vidhyavihar? (sent from Vidyavihar Stn.)

Madurai express kaha derail hui hai?

status @ghatkopar? (sent from Mankhurd Stn.)

fast train thane se kalyan chal rhi he kya?  (sent from Mulund Stn.)

thana dombivli chalu ahe ka?

Thane  to cst side train running normal? (sent from Vikhroli)

Thane to Cst trains are working?  (sent from Marine Lines Stn.)

fast train are on time or what? (sent from Sandhurst Road Stn.)

thane to Ghatkopar status??

is it safe to travel from Thane to cst?  (sent from Mulund)

what is d status of trains from vidyavihar to dadar?  (sent from Chembur)

Those who know swimming, can leave for office. (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

kyn starting trains are ok ??

fast trains towards cst status?? (sent from Mulund Stn.)

where is Badlapur train (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)

what is status of central railway trains towardscst (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

train stop in ? (sent from Vidyavihar Stn.)

what is a status between ambernath to thane (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

what is about Kalyan,s train (sent from Shahad)

late by ??? minutes please (sent from Shahad)

what is train condition from karat to kalyan

what is status at diva station (sent from Navade Road Stn.)

where is Khopali train ??? From dadar (sent from Mahim Jn)

Kalyan to Ghatkopar?  (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

hi friends I am in neral pls tell me train are running on time or not ? I have to go in csmt.

can we reach thane to matunga? 

train chalu hai thik but riksha and buses band hai office band hai to jake kre kya...??!!!!

badlapur trains are on time ???? (sent from Ghatkopar)

trains r running from Thane to ambernath ? (sent from Thane)

where is 1.18 fast local karjat at Mulund  (sent from Mulund Stn.)

what's the status of thane station. is train for aroli is going (sent from Kurla Stn.)

any problem after kalwa?? (sent from Churchgate Stn.)

thane ke liye train chalu he ?? dadar se

hi...  train chalu h na?  (sent from Thane)

whether fast trains from thane to cst are running on time? 

what happen ? (sent from Jogeshwari)

cst to karjat status? 

train let he kay??? (sent from Ghatkopar)

hello can anybody Tell me why train stucked between ghatkopar to thane (sent from Kanjur Marg)

where is admin of this app... why they are not replying

trains are running from thane to CST?? (sent from Juinagar Stn.)

train halted or wat? (sent from Tilak Nagar)

what about Badlapur to cst (sent from Badlapur)

is there any delay of train 

what is status of train in badlapur station 

what about down fast local from csmt

thane to kurla? (sent from Thane Stn.)

What is the status of locals from Kalyan to Cstm 

why slow train stop between ghatkopar and vikhroli? (sent from Ghatkopar)

sandhurst road pe kya hua?    Is it safe to travel?? (sent from Charni Road)

what is the current status of train from dadar to Badlapur 

? (sent from Belapur Cbd Stn.)

what about trains from bhandup to thane (sent from Nahur)

trains chalu hai kya from Dadar to Kasara ?? (sent from Kandivali)

Ambernath madhe late ahet KY....???

Are the trains running properly now? (sent from Airoli Stn.)

any status of water logging? (sent from Chunabhatti)

how is condition outside Thane station? (sent from Chinchpokli Stn.)

ghatkopar to mumbra?  (sent from Mira Road)

?  (sent from Koparkhairne Stn.)

trn chalu ahet ka?  (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)

where it has reach

dombivli to dadar trains in time? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

train time par chal rahi hai kya? (sent from Ghatkopar)

central line resumed??? (sent from Dombivli)

Is train running from thane to cst?

ट्रेन बंद होण्याची शक्यता आहे का.? (sent from Vasind Stn.)

kanjurmarg to titwala trains are running???  (sent from Ghansoli Stn.)

what is status of central train

thane to ghatkopar chalu hai?

ghat to mul?

is kurla water logged ?

what is the situation between Kalyan and Ghatkopar (sent from Thakurli Stn.)

what is status of bhandup to kurla (sent from Nahur)

any update on trains today? (sent from Thakurli)

karjat train is on time? 

kurla se chichpokli Ki haal hai trains ka? (sent from Kurla Stn.)

any update on Sion kurla crossing?  (sent from Masjid)

what is update kalyan to ghatkopar

Thane to badlapur chalu hai kya?? (sent from Koparkhairne Stn.)

megablock h kya shahad se kurla tk? (sent from Vithalwadi)

what is the position of trains post sion? (sent from Sion Stn.)

what a problem  (sent from Badlapur Stn.)

what are updates from Titwala station? (sent from Titwala)

train from parel its working or not? 

where Is karajat local? (sent from Dombivli)

 is it safe to travel??

kurla  to titwala  status? (sent from Kurla Stn.)

what's status of soin

Status of train from kurla towards kasara karjat pleasse?

when its gonna to well any info you have  (sent from Ghansoli)

today central line train on time ???

are .?? train working towards kanjurmarg from dadar (sent from Dadar)

 western line chalu hua  kya ?

what about Vidyavihar kalyan trian (sent from Vidyavihar)

where is karjat train (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

thenk you. after 11 also na? (sent from Gtb Nagar Stn.)

dadar to Ghatkopar chalu hai? (sent from Masjid)

when train ll start? any update (sent from Nahur Stn.)

what about thane to Badlapur is it any issue? (sent from Koparkhairne Stn.)

Are the train from Thane to C.S.T. on time.?  (sent from Airoli Stn.)

where is 10:38 karjat from kalyan (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

 are trains running? (sent from Cst)

what is the train status of badalapur 

which train is not running (sent from Mulund Stn.)

dombivali se train time pe he kya???  (sent from Dombivli)

αnч updαtє mumвrα tσ ghαtkσpαr??

can someone tell me whether mumbai pune train s are running or not?

any update about sion and kurla station?? (sent from Mulund Stn.)

what karjat to CST  train proper time run (sent from Neral)

hat's off to Central Railway ! last 4 days of rain with heavy downpour , they have not come to halt !! and also to the people who update train time and position ! (sent from Dombivli)

DDR to CST trains? please reply fast

is the Kasara local on time? (sent from Lower Parel)

band hui hai kya train?  (sent from Byculla Stn.)

what abt dombivli (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

kya mujhe Mumbai se guwahati super fast train mil sakta hai? 

dombivali to CST train status...?? (sent from Dombivli)

? (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

trains running or not in central??? (sent from Navade Road)

any idea for trains from Ghatkopar to Thane?? (sent from Vidyavihar)

any issue from kalyan to cst fast train??  (sent from Vithalwadi Stn.)

trains are regular from ambernath to thane..? (sent from Vithalwadi)

why (sent from Mahalakshmi)

status of ambernath-csmt?? (sent from Ambernath)

what is going on , I dombivli train is stop before mumbra

central line on time? (sent from Dadar Stn.)

what is the status of train Thane to CST 

current status? currey Road to thane anyone?  (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)

is the train on time from dadr to Thane fast (sent from Andheri)

where is 1.14 cst fast from thane ? (sent from Thane Stn.)

Abe maza aa rh ha kya tujhe? XD (sent from Shahad Stn.)

towards dombivli?

what about thane to cst train fast? (sent from Airoli Stn.)

what is central line position on ambernath CST line (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

where is khopoli to cst train  (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

any issue in between mumbara and kurla? (sent from Vidyavihar)

are training running from Ulhasnagar to karjat?

? (sent from Airoli Stn.)

at thane..are the trains working? (sent from Thane Stn.)

train r on time from cst to thane ? (sent from Churchgate)

Train status from vithalwadi to Thane?? (sent from Vithalwadi)

central railways update?  (sent from Ghatkopar)

I have to travel between Nashik and dadar by Tapovan express...  should I leave? 

are trains on time?

are trains on time at mumbra stn?

abhi train to mile gi na kurla jane? (sent from Vikhroli)

status of kasara cst train?

why trains late from vikhroli

what about the status from mulund to dadar

can anyone update about Thane? 

Are trains working properly now? (sent from Mulund)

do contact on 7506681734 (sent from Vithalwadi)

trains are on time ???

down central line running?? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

are kalyan to dadar trains running on time? sion kurla tracks? (sent from Kalyan)

is there train kalyan to cst

dadar  cst chalu ahe? (sent from Bandra Stn.)

where is 10.25 Asangaon at kalyan ? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

what about Ulhas station  (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)

what about kalyan to kasara (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

hussain sagar express is on time ? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

what is status of cst to kasara train???? (sent from Kasara Stn.)

what is the status of train currently  (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)

kalyan to Csmt?? (sent from Kalyan)

dadar se ambernath train chalu hai kya?  (sent from Dadar Stn.)

are central line trains running on time ?

what happened to train 

it is heavily raining in dombivali. what is the train status?  (sent from Thakurli)

kalwa to dadar?  (sent from Kalva Stn.)

kasara to thane route on time hai Kya ???

Sandhurst road to thane trains chal rahi hai kya? 

what is the issue I stuck in mulund (sent from Mulund)

thane to ghatkopar any status?

matunga me kch wires tutne ki baat nikli thi  afvah h kya?

are trains on time??? 

 trains are on time at ulhas..? (sent from Shahad)

COA EXPRESS DIPARTURE FROM? (sent from Jogeshwari Stn.)

why the hell trains are late for no reasons

who mohit (sent from Chinchpokli Stn.)

guys 9:51 Asangaon local from thane kaha pe h?

Hats off to all mumbaikars especially those who have showed the level of being optimistic, they declared holidays in different corporates and schools but you guyz are true warriors, Deevare unchi hai sadke h tang.... lambi dagar hai pr himmat hai sang....Jai Hind! Jai Maharashtra!!! (sent from Bhiwandi Road Stn.)

Kurla to Thane train are running? (sent from Kurla)

??? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

where is 8.36 fast csmt? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

diva vasai train chalu hai kya? (sent from Badlapur)

bhai Ghansoli jaana h trains h kya? (sent from Jogeshwari)

central railway chalu hai?

Kalyan to karjat is train  is running ?

What about kurla to thane? (sent from Chunabhatti)

wat about dombivli to dadar?? (sent from Dombivli)

is there any issue in Kanjurmarg

what is the status are dadar to dombivli

what is the status of sion and matunga?  (sent from Nerul Stn.)

is there any train towards karjat (sent from Ambernath Stn.)

status of trains from kalyan ? (sent from Kalyan)

is there any train running between thane to cst (sent from Thane Stn.)

what happened? (sent from Kalyan)

Thane to CST Status ? (sent from Bhiwandi Road)

anyone looking out for job?  (sent from Thane Stn.)

what hapn between nahis to mulund trains are running slow by 20 to 30 min late (sent from Bhandup)

bhau kuthe? (sent from Seawood Darave Stn.)

train is running between ghatkspor and dadr ???? (sent from Nerul Stn.)

where is ladies special (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

what happened ..? (sent from Thakurli)

are trains running on central line ?

guys any fast train from Thane to CSTM?? Waiting since last 20 mins (sent from Thane Stn.)

what is train status dombivali to cstm

what about the Titwala to CST  (sent from Ambivli)

plz tell where is khopoli trn 

are there trains from Kalyan?  (sent from Kalyan)

what status central line (sent from Mahim Jn Stn.)

are trains are on time from thane to dadar? (sent from Kalva)

badlapur trains r running ??? (sent from Airoli)

please update on 8:21 kasara train?  (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

are trains working? (sent from Kurla Stn.)

is it raining quite heavily across all parts? (sent from Dombivli)

what is the current status of people traveling Mumbra to Dadar ? 

where is khopoli train?

is central line delayed ? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

why trains from Churchgate not going towards bandra?

Problem kay ahe te tari sanga??? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

if trains are running on regular time??  (sent from Badlapur Stn.)

Karjat-cst fast which is 6:45 @klyn? (sent from Shahad Stn.)

where is titwala fast train  (sent from Mahim Jn Stn.)

what the status of fast train in central line for cst (sent from Thane Stn.)

Are trains working beyond thane? (sent from Shahad)

 status of down side trains ,??? (sent from Thakurli)

what is the status from shahad to cst please reply fast  (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

what about badlapur  (sent from Thane Stn.)

HB LINE MEGABLOCK ON WHICH SECTION (sent from Belapur Cbd)

thane to badlapur trains are there? (sent from Badlapur Stn.)

Trains beyond kalyan working on normal time?

amb to cst?  (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

trains are running on time from ulhasnagar? (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)

where is khopoli train at present (sent from ulhas) (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)

 train strat nahur yes or no? (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)

Kalyan to CST what's status (sent from Elphinstone Road Stn.)

Mumbra to CST train are there?

why???? (sent from Nahur Stn.)

parel to dombivali train status?? (sent from Elphinstone Road)

 shahad to kalyan train is on time??? (sent from Shahad)

wht is the status of train in mumbra? 

are platform number 1 trains cancelled or running?  (sent from Kalva)

is train running from thane to karjat?

why are train leat in CST local  (sent from Bhandup Stn.)

*than? (sent from Shahad)

whr is kasara train that is at 3.40pm from cst

why slow train not moving towards kalyan (sent from Kalva Stn.)

how to reach marol Naka from thane (sent from Bhandup)

20 minutes ho Gaye curry road to CST train Nahi ayi (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)

what about running status of CR local? (sent from Vikhroli)

मध्य रेल्वे वेळेत आहे का?मुंबईत पाऊस चालू आहे का आजून?

not expecting dun dun dun XD "Just fine" is also relief. no issues right? 

trains running on time...? 

central line train status kya hai on time hai kya...?? (sent from Mulund Stn.)

 cat fast train  what is current location of train (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

how do you know

What is the status of slow trains to Cst? (sent from Chunabhatti)

what's the status between Dadar to thane (sent from Naigaon Stn.)

I'm in kalyan I've to go to dadar is it safe now ? (sent from Matunga Road Stn.)

koi hai kya jo cst tak pohocha hai???  train ja bhi rahi hai kya last cst tak... 😐😐 (sent from Dombivli)

train going from dadar to thane? (sent from Malad Stn.)

please,,,. all of them are asking questions about local train late or not,??   but any one gives the answer??  Are train are running??  

r trains running between dadar - thane?? (sent from Kandivali)

where is a khopoli (sent from Badlapur Stn.)

where is karjat train.... (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

which track.....slow or fast (sent from Nahur)

thane to cst working??? (sent from Thane)

where is the ambernath train (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

wht abt slow train from dadar to krjt?  (sent from Dadar Stn.)

why train towards cstm are blocked at kalyan? (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)

what's the status at Sion?? (sent from Churchgate)

Thane to kurla train chalu hai?  (sent from Gtb Nagar Stn.)

? (sent from Shelu)

Woh Kurla station ke Bahar idli Wala aaya Kya? (sent from Vikhroli)

karjat to khopoli? (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)

What is the current indicator showing ?

thane to kurla? 

are the trains crowded?? (sent from Nahur)

why train are late in central line (sent from Mumbra Stn.)

what is happening in thane (sent from Kalyan)

will sihngad and deccan queen leave from pune tomorrow???

what is the reason for the delay (sent from Mulund)

thane to dadar trauns are working???

udya pune to mumbai sinhgad exp chalu ahe na ki cncl zali ? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

are trains running between Ghatkopar to Parel?  (sent from Ghatkopar)

is it train on Central on time? 

thane to cst train working..??

is the holiday news for college confirm? (sent from Ambernath)

kalyan se badlapur train chal raha he keys? (sent from Chinchpokli Stn.)

where is kasara train ( its at 9:40) from shahad (sent from Shahad)

is fast train on time from kalyan??  (sent from Shahad)

is there any Maharashtra band ??

is there any megablock 

what is status of kasara To CST trains... (sent from Titwala)

is any fast train from dadar to dombivli (sent from Matunga Road Stn.)

from Dombivili to CST?

is trains reaching up to Dadar ?

are trains running on time ?? (sent from Kalva)

diva ke liye kab hai train ??????? (sent from Thane Stn.)

thane kurla?  (sent from Thane)

todays trains schedule is affected by rain or not???

badlapur to cst chalu h kya? 

kalyan titwala train is working ?pl update ! (sent from Vithalwadi)

fast train time pe hai? from cst to bdl (sent from Elphinstone Road Stn.)

Central line train chalu hai kay?  (sent from Koparkhairne)

what is now train status from CST to thane (sent from Bhandup)

trains are on Time?  (sent from Vithalwadi Stn.)

what is fast train status from Dadar to thane??. (sent from Bhayander)

are the trains on central line on time from Kalyan?

dadar to ulhasnagar chalu he kyA ? (sent from Lower Parel)

what is status of CR? (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)

csmt to Mulund? (sent from Andheri)

where is the kasara lokal at 01:37 from kalyan station  sent from kalyan station  (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

fast train chalu b kya boss thane to cst ???? (sent from Thane Stn.)

karjat train is on time? (sent from Thane)

why train has stopped too late in between bhandup and nahur

khopoli cst train running status??

what about down train status(cst to kalyan)??? (sent from Goregaon)

what is the status of badlapur train (sent from Mahalakshmi Stn.)

cst to badlapur what is the status (sent from Cst Stn.)

 water logging? (sent from Bhandup Stn.)

how about today's megablock (sent from Mulund Stn.)

trains are running properly of central line??? (sent from Dadar)

are ambarnath to cst trn working? (sent from Ambernath)

is trains are running on time ?

cst to thane are trains working?

is central line working? (sent from Kanjur Marg)

ghatkopr auto working? (sent from Kalva)

are trains working from Dombivali to CST?

how is the status at thane to cst

kisi ne central line delay ka notification receive kiya tha kya m-indicator se....?

what about trains but ?? working or not ???  (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

what about megablock (sent from Cst)

what is position of trains of central railways

ulhasnagar to cst trains time pr hai??? (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)

what about from mumbra to kurla  (sent from Mumbra Stn.)

 NASIK madhun yeu ka nako aaj?

what's the current situation of central teains  (sent from Mahalakshmi Stn.)

trains are running, but what about road conditions in mumbai,  (sent from Ghatkopar)

down trains running on time?  (sent from Chunabhatti)

what's the status of metro train from Ghatkopar 

what is current status of rajya rani express? (sent from Thane Stn.)

badlapur to ghatkopar , train chalu hai kya? (sent from Badlapur)

kalyan to Kurla kya status hai? (sent from Kalyan)

what about train status from thane towards Ambarnath?

are trains on time?

karjatse kalyan local train hai kya? (sent from Karjat)

what's the status between mulund and parel  (sent from Mulund Stn.)

what is status of central train ? r they running properly or not (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)

any delay in central line...? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

masjid to ghatkopar what is train condishion? (sent from Charni Road)

?

what is train status in central line (sent from Vikhroli)

what happened between badlapure & ambernath (sent from Rabale)

is there any issues with central line

central line chalu hai kya ? (sent from Thakurli Stn.)

kurla to sion chalu he kya?  (sent from Matunga Stn.)

what the platform of Ten express in thane station (sent from Thane Stn.)

whats the status of mulund to ghatkopar train?

animesh makhija - karan israni, ulhasnagat ?

train running status at thane?? 

train status?  (sent from Ambivli Stn.)

are trains working from Kurla to Thane? (sent from Mankhurd Stn.)

Does the local train working beyond ghatkoper towards cst

 hello what's the current update stuck at ulhasnagar to kalyan (sent from Ambernath)

thane- Kurla ? is the line ok? (sent from Mumbra Stn.)

dadar to kalyan? (sent from Goregaon Stn.)

is there trains from ghatkopar to kalyan.?

kalyan to karjat chalu hai kya ??? (sent from Vithalwadi)

dadar to Thane?? (sent from Ghansoli)

is it true ? i have just boarded a train from thane. shall i get down ?

what about dadar

is there any train from titwala to kalyan

Thane to Ghatkopar status?? 

CR r running?  (sent from Kanjur Marg)

what is the status between trains running from pune to mumbau

Ashwini reached? 

byculla to Thane train ? (sent from Byculla Stn.)

towards Thane working ?? (sent from Elphinstone Road Stn.)

where (sent from Andheri)

where is the 6:45 pm Cst fast Local ?????? (Sent from Mulnd Stn.) (sent from Mulund Stn.)

Thane to Kalyan what is status?? (sent from Airoli Stn.)

kasara Local time from ambivali  ? 

trains are running???

is metro working?  (sent from Mulund)

why delay central railway local

Dombivli to cst trains are there? (sent from Thakurli Stn.)

why trains late  (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

what is the status of thane station? (sent from Kalyan)

Trains are working as per sources who already traveled. So pack up and leave for work, don't find excuses over here. It's your life, make a choice.

train chalu hai kya ?  (sent from Vadala Road)

thane to airoli status? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

why has train stopped at kurla (sent from Tilak Nagar)

r trains on time ? (sent from Kalyan)

central lines are running??

qa scene!? (sent from Chunabhatti)

Thane to dadar status please?

I want to go dadar to Kalyan which  train I prefer fast or slow,...??? (sent from Andheri Stn.)

karjat to cstm fast local left from kalyan ???? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

any problems from badlapur to thane? (sent from Badlapur)

Badlapur to csmt train what stetus

central line chalu hai kya?

will tomorrow b holiday due to water logging???

metro is running ? (sent from Kurla Stn.)

how many let to karjat to cst train

is train going to kurla from dadar?? 

Will Thane Locals be running today?

??? (sent from Kalyan)

are they on time?

Kurla to thane..any update? (sent from Kurla)

? (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)

any current update on central line? (sent from Cst Stn.)

train from khopoli? status konala mahit ahe? (sent from Khopoli)

is it a good day to work or not

what's the status for Badlapur train from dadar (sent from Jogeshwari)

any train update regarding badlapur ?? (sent from Badlapur)

train chalu he na thane to kurla? 

Are the trains on time?

cst to karajat ???? (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)

kalyan se train chalu he??? (sent from Vithalwadi)

why (sent from Andheri)

wat abt kalwa n Mulund ??

any pubg pro gamer? (sent from Thane Stn.)

3rdly, if they carry it in one hand then how they'll manage the rush and push of physco passengers.. have you'll ever tried to check the weight wat they carry? (sent from Nahur Stn.)

Thane to kayan train running??

what's position in Kalyan  (sent from Kopar)

Dadar to mumbra train Aahe Ka running??? (sent from Mumbai Central)

what is issue slow train delay from kurla  (sent from Vidyavihar Stn.)

what about fast local from kalyan...  (sent from Kalyan)

csmt fast trains  running on time or not ?

15 car is there today? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

ulhasnagar ce karjat chalo hai kya train? (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)

badlapur to thane trains are running on time??? (sent from Badlapur)

where is last karjat local pls (sent from Mulund)

got 6:08 dadar dombivli train at kurla but it's stuck between nahur and mulund since more than half an hour.. any update? motorman has not announced anything yet.

shahad pe koi train bata raha hai?

actual announcement "due to heavy rain central and harbour trains are running late by 20 to 25 minutes" so you can imagine how late actually they are running

thane cst train  running ? 

cst ya kasara k liye?

What is status from cst to ghatkopr (sent from Cst)

are Trains running in time? (sent from Thane)

?

status of trn? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

trains status? 

are trains working?? 

are trains running on time (sent from ambernath)? (sent from Ambernath)

are trains stopped after kurla ?? (sent from Bhandup Stn.)

is train are running from Kalyan to CST???

Is it raining between Thane and Dadar? (sent from Dombivli)

train status from dombivli to ulhasnagar?

which train is it 9:13 or 8:51 from dombivali (sent from Badlapur Stn.)

from Badlapur to khopoli what its status of train 

central??? 

dombivali to cst are running?? (sent from Chinchpokli Stn.)

sleep love. you don't want to go through what I went through (sent from Thane)

diva jn se turbhe ke liye train kitne baje ki h..??  

what is the status from cst towards thane  (sent from Byculla Stn.)

r trians running on time ?? (sent from Kalyan)

what is the condition of karjat CST train please

what is status of train (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)

there thane - Nerul railway  will be start or not???

hi I'm also using but pls tell me what is status of CR  (sent from Dombivli)

mail trains ka kya update h?

are trains working from thane to kalyan??

विक्रोळी ते मुलुंड ट्रेन चालू आहे का ? (sent from Vikhroli)

train status?? (sent from Mulund)

any train issue? (sent from Turbhe)

sion mei paani bhara hai kya?  (sent from Cst)

dadar - thane trains status? (sent from Mumbai Central Stn.)

train running.???

kurla cmst train status?

any Water logging update in Sion & Matunga?

thene me water logging h ky?? (sent from Badlapur Stn.)

7;32 st train from titwala will come at right time? (sent from Titwala Stn.)

kalyan me train chalu hai??

where is 9 o'clock train from badlapur (sent from Badlapur)

what is the status for Bhandup to Thane (sent from Nahur)

? (sent from Kurla Stn.)

are trains available from kalva to ghatkoper ?  (sent from Vikhroli)

what is the status of badlapur route (sent from Thane Stn.)

3:30 Ambernath train status ???? (sent from Vikhroli)

what is d situation after kalyan ? (sent from Juinagar Stn.)

why central line delay by 20 to 25 minutes (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

all trains are running on time?? (sent from Andheri)

Kurla to cst status?? (sent from Govandi)

central line status???

train status kurla to Thane? (sent from Kurla Stn.)

some waterlogging in nahur? 

up or down? (sent from Tilak Nagar)

plz give me the badlapur to cst status ? its working or it will be safe to come out to house ? (sent from Badlapur)

who is their at ghatkopar station (sent from Ghatkopar)

bro pochinki ke liye train milegi? (sent from Vidyavihar)

up fast trains stopped at Kalyan... what the problem (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

thane -cst trains chalu aahet ka??  ki water logging cha Prob aahe in railway track  (sent from Badlapur)

kurla to ghar ko par is train running?

what situation of Central Railway now

what is status of train from thane to dombivali (sent from Ghansoli)

what about ghatkoper to cst (sent from Vikhroli)

kalyan to thane? any idea people (sent from Vithalwadi)

are trains from CSTM on time?

agar kisi ki urjent meeting hai office me to yahi karo..... i am sure saare employees m indicator ki chat me paani bharne ka wait kar rahe honge😂😂😂 (sent from Mankhurd Stn.)

sion to csmt is working?  (sent from Gtb Nagar Stn.)

Asangaon train?  (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

thane to badlapur train chalu hai kya?  (sent from Thane Stn.)

are the train running correct time?

hello what is status of central railway (sent from Vikhroli)

trains r running on time?

why (sent from Vithalwadi)

what happened near titwala? y are trains not going to asangaon (sent from Ambivli Stn.)

hi kanjurmarg to Thane on time?

trains from cst to ghatkopar.. working or not... pls confirm???  (sent from Churchgate)

vithalwadi to CST Kya position hai? (sent from Vithalwadi Stn.)

where r u? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

are trains working from thane to lalyan stn?

khopoli train update??? (sent from Badlapur)

Trains are running on time from Ghatkopar towards down line? asking for a friend (sent from Mulund)

from Bhandup to Dadar on time? (sent from Bhandup)

trains status frm thane to kalyan? any one

thane to Kalyan .  status kya hai ? (sent from Thane)

badlapur Ke liye train chal rahi h kya?  (sent from Kurla)

what is the train status from matunga to thane (sent from Matunga)

trains from sion to kalyan? (sent from Vile Parle)

what's the issue of slow dn line..took 40 min to reach bahut..still I want to go Dombivli (sent from Bhandup Stn.)

CST to than line working or not?? (sent from Vile Parle)

Thane to Dadar ? please tell the status (sent from Nahur)

train status  dadar to jogeswari ? (sent from Kurla Stn.)

late he ya time par he? (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)

are the trains towards kalyan running?

u r in vashi thane train ?  (sent from Ghansoli Stn.)

Pooja whom u r abusing  (sent from Vikhroli)

Badlapur local kuthe aahe ? (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)

central khopoli to cst trains chalu hai kya?

no issue what so ever train come from kalyan to dadar at regular time (sent from Dadar Stn.)

karjat cha status kay aahe plz really urgent???  (sent from Airoli Stn.)

kalyan to thame local chalu aahe ka..?? (sent from Vithalwadi)

trains are going?

Ghatkopar to CST wats the status? 

is all trains are on time (sent from Dombivli)

what is the issue Central

Traffic jam?? Idiots  (sent from Kalva Stn.)

are trains on time? (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)

what is the problem ? (sent from Chunabhatti)

from badlapur to Dadar is it ok to travell now? (sent from Badlapur)

status of trn? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

reason? (sent from Gtb Nagar Stn.)

Any update from Kalyan station to CST ? (sent from Shahad)

what is train stataus

Is trains regular between ghtkpr to thane?  (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

what is the train status (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)

main line train tym pe haina.???  (sent from Mumbra Stn.)

what about soon and kurla 

sion stations update ? (sent from Sion Stn.)

where is 6 30 badlapur train (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)

thane to ambernath train running?? (sent from Thane)

how is situation of central railway?

thane to kalyan hai kya?  (sent from Mulund)

what is current situation of central line???? are they runing on time??? (sent from Kalyan)

towards thane train are working or not ????

Is there any issue around thane ?  (sent from Thane Stn.)

are trains blocked in thane ?

आज ट्रेन चालू आहेत का ? 

please any one tell me between dadar to byculla trains are working or not????  (sent from Vidyavihar Stn.)

any fast local from ghatkopar to cst ? (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

is 5.22  Kalyan semifast started from CST? (sent from Kurla Stn.)

where khopoli train reached (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

what is mega block time for central  (sent from Dombivli)

cst to dombivli train status? (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)

Ambarnath to Thane available? (sent from Ambernath Stn.)

what is the status of central line (sent from Goregaon)

is there any issue In central line?  co-operate railway officers..  

Are Karjat and khopli trains running on time?????

are trains for kurla to Thane are working..? (sent from Kurla Stn.)

are the trains working between Kalyan and Kasara? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

train running on time or delay ?

what is the status of cst trains?? (sent from Thane)

is all train in time 

anyone reached ahead of dadar towards cst? 

is Kalyan kassara running late? (sent from Kasara Stn.)

Dadar se down hai kya train? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

Traffic?  (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)

They were on strike for 25 mints ....?? lol  (sent from Kalva Stn.)

Any update about 12:15 slow train? (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)

is train services normal in central line? from kurla to dadar?  (sent from Shelu Stn.)

dadar to kalyan?  (sent from Jogeshwari Stn.)

is it raining near central side  ? (sent from Borivali Stn.)

sure? damn (sent from Sion Stn.)

mumbra se train chalu hai kya??? 

thane to Kalyan chalu ahe ka? (sent from Mulund)

Central train status pls?? (sent from Badlapur)

good morning frds, what is current status of train betwn mulund to cst (sent from Mulund Stn.)

ghatkopar to kasara train running or not??  (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

kuku do you want me? (sent from Koparkhairne Stn.)

what (sent from Vithalwadi Stn.)

what is the current status of the trains?? (sent from Dadar Stn.)

Dombivli to badlapur status pls?? (sent from Nilje)

? (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

thane to cst status?

Tittwala to Cst?

mumbai rain ka status btao plss?

are central railway trains on time?  (sent from Matunga Road Stn.)

does any issues for up trains ??

kurla to dadar chalu hai kya?

any stetus from badlapur?

kasara to Csmt working please ????

are trains on time ?? (sent from Dombivli)

why what happened? (sent from Kalyan)

kurla station? water logging hain kya?

Ghatkopar to Dombivali r trains working? (sent from Goregaon)

are traina running late from cst to karjat ?

central line status?

what ia status of train from thane to ambernath (sent from Turbhe)

what about thane to cst (sent from Airoli Stn.)

train status frm dombivli to byculla ?  (sent from Kalyan)

kanjurmarg la tar ajun ek hi train nahi magil 20min पासून??  (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)

cst tak train ja raha hai??? (sent from Mulund Stn.)

status of diva to kanjurmarg?

train are running or not in central line??? (sent from Turbhe Stn.)

central line chalu hai Kya? (sent from Vikhroli)

kurla se thane ki train chal rahi hey kya? 

cst to dombivilli trains are running? (sent from Churchgate)

what about badlapur vat local (sent from Badlapur)

what about from Ambernath to cst

are trains going from dombivali to thane? 

iss   train is late between Sion to Thane ????? (sent from Sion Stn.)

central fast track to perfect time ?    please conform me (sent from Goregaon)

hw is the frequency of trains frm kalyan??

what about asgn train (sent from Kalyan)

train status from shahad to cst?? (sent from Shahad Stn.)

any stopping at Sion Matunga tracks? (sent from Thakurli Stn.)

trans harbour running ? (sent from Kurla)

Train working from Badlapur to cst ? 

trains are running or not towards Badlapur?

are trains working ? (sent from Thane)

train chalu ahet ka? (sent from Nahur)

dombivli to cst... slow..??? 

what is the latest news about Central line (sent from Sion Stn.)

kalyan to sion train chalu ahet ka????

trains from dadar to shahad? on time? (sent from Kandivali)

where is 10.27 badlapur cstm local (sent from Badlapur Stn.)

status of slow trains from kalyan to cst? (sent from Kalyan)

central line issue from titwala?

central line okay???



train is running from virar ????

any megablock in central line ? and are trains on time ?  (sent from Mira Road Stn.)

bhai ghatkopar and ke liye koi problem or not?? (sent from Thakurli Stn.)

where is khopoli fast? (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)

are trains as per schedule ? (sent from Thakurli)

rain is every where  (sent from Dombivli)

where is 651 thane Badlapur train  (sent from Mumbra Stn.)

kurla to dDar conditions? (sent from Thakurli)

Dadar to cst trains running?

? 

whats about Dadar to Thane... running on time? 

Ghatkoper to Thane trains ??

ia train running or not 

is any announcement for 9:39? (sent from Badlapur Stn.)

I got same msg on 3-4 groups. Please inform if you returned the bag to owner. (sent from Dadar Stn.)

Is Mulund to Dadar Csmt train on time?  (sent from Mulund)

where is 7-45 asangaon train (sent from Shahad Stn.)

is there any fast train from Kalyan (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

 is the train running properly  (sent from Nahur Stn.)

are trains running on time?

I want to travel from matunga to thane. whats the status ?  (sent from Kings Circle Stn.)

dombivli????

what is the status from karjat to kalyan ??

what about thane to kalyan trains?? 

What about thane to vashi status (sent from Shahad)

where is 5:22 kalyan train  (sent from Byculla Stn.)

thane to ghatkopat trains on time ? (sent from Airoli Stn.)

badlapur to cst whats the status ??? (sent from Badlapur)

what is status now 

what is the status of fast train for kalyan (sent from Dadar Stn.)

Are trains running towards cst ?

is it's confirm??  people at Thane kindly update  (sent from Mankhurd)

is the train on from mulund to dadar

is central line working properly? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

And what is this Kalwa Phatak issue ? Its been happening recently quite frequently. Earlier never heard of such problem. Atleast proper announcements by rail authorities is the least we can expect. (sent from Mulund Stn.)

ambernath k kya haal h??

where is 🚆 (sent from Chunabhatti Stn.)

hamesha? 😅 (sent from Kalva Stn.)

विठ्ठलवाडी चे पाणी ओसरले का ? (sent from Kurla)

what is status of sion- dadar station train..?

What about kurla to thane??

why trains are running half an hour late till now ? (sent from Kalyan)

 Dadar to Badlapur trains available on time? (sent from Khar Road Stn.)

train are running on central line? 

trains on tym ??

sion ke age train chalu he kya? (sent from Mumbra Stn.)

what is the position of thane ambernath train (sent from Turbhe)

is train going on ? (sent from Matunga Road)

trains are running or not

Hello ..ulhasnagar to thane r trains working? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

what about mumbai pune pragati exp. (sent from Parel)

are trains running on central line ?

Dombivli to Mulund train status?? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

Thane to Ambernath trains are running?

Is train are running properly from Dombivli to Ghatkopar? (sent from Dombivli)

byculla Jane ka hai train chalu hai? (sent from Sion)

status dadar to cstm? (sent from Mira Road)

what about sinhagad express? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

what is problem exactly central line? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

thane se cat slow train chalu h? (sent from Mulund)

ghatkopar to mulund is working? 

Thane to Ghatkopar trains chalu hai kya??? 

9:19 Ambernath...where is train???

anybody from mumbra station ?

kurla to Currey road???

all r on time any issue ...abhi? (sent from Ghatkopar)

r trains working...?? (sent from Sion Stn.)

10:43 Kasara  @ kalyan train kaha par he abhi?? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

CST to thane chalu aahe ka? (sent from Churchgate)

Is Mumbai closed tomorrow??

Thane to Turbhe  is running local ? 

paani jo log hua tha....has it resolved? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

??

is there any water logging due to rain (sent from Ambernath)

what has happened

any issue at sion Matunga due to rain? (sent from Kalyan)

what is status of kurla station. (sent from Thane Stn.)

What is the status for vikhroli? (sent from Charni Road)

where is Karjat last local (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

cst to karjat status?? (sent from Thane Stn.)

dadar to mumbra?? what s status (sent from Bandra)

where is 8:03 karjat?  from ambernath (sent from Ambernath Stn.)

is 11:04 fast local from cst running on time, m stuck in traffic at Kalyan? (sent from Kalyan)

Thane to Ambernath train available? (sent from Thane Stn.)

CST to Thane trains are running on time or not

ulhasnagar to thane train status? (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)

what is status of train from Mulund to Karjat  (sent from Mulund)

Mulund to Ghatkopar..any delay? (sent from Mulund)

source of the update??? (sent from Kopar)

train r running till cst?  (sent from Ghansoli Stn.)

kitana late hai ? (sent from Badlapur)

up and down train will running timely? (sent from Vithalwadi)

hi train working from kurla to thane? 

status of train from kalyan to pune? (sent from Kalyan)

karjat running on time?? (sent from Nerul Stn.)

from cst to Kalyan what is status  (sent from Marine Lines Stn.)

borivali to virar chalu hai kya ??) (sent from Goregaon)

kurla jane wali train chalu hai kya? (sent from Dahisar)

what about kasara trains

train band ahe ka....? (sent from Vikhroli)

central line running on time?  (sent from Kalva)

are trains running on right time? (sent from Ambernath Stn.)

badlapur se kya position hai ...how much late trains running  (sent from Badlapur)

where is 7.24 cst fast (sent from Kurla Stn.)

what is status of train from Ulhasnagar ? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

is it a delay or trains are totally shut? (sent from Vikhroli)

Ghatkopar to Kalyan train is running?

kidar ghoomra hai?

is train running normally from Ghatkopar to Dadar ? (sent from Vidyavihar Stn.)

Is there any delay of train from kopar to thane

bhilog thane se dombivli chal raha h kya..?? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

are trains running???  

central line thapp aahe ka? (sent from Mahalakshmi Stn.)

what's the status from Shahad? (sent from Vithalwadi)

jalgaon to pune how many train available 

kalyan se mumbra tak train chalu hai? (sent from Mumbra)

what are the current status of trains in dombivli  (sent from Thakurli)

what's the status of water logging in Sion, Kurla, thane, Ghatkopar?

is thr any train from cst to vasai vai diva bhiwandi road kamani road vasai? (sent from Belapur Cbd Stn.)

thane to badlapur?

what is the status for CSMT to karjat?

any updates for dombivli to thane? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

what is status of trains ...Karjat khopoli (sent from Kalyan)

are the trains from cstm to thane running? (sent from Chinchpokli Stn.)

kurla to thane train status ? (sent from Kurla Stn.)

what is issue? (sent from Chunabhatti Stn.)

Thane to CST trains working or not??

what is status khopoli to csmt train  (sent from Karjat Stn.)

Is central line working properly...?? (sent from Ghatkopar)

cst to karjat status? (sent from Parel)

what is the status of central line railway

fast train are working? (sent from Ghatkopar)

down side trains are also on time? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

what about thane to Kalyan??

Are the trains working from Badlapur to Thane? (sent from Badlapur)

ghatkopar to karjat train chal raha hai kya? (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)

why people are asking same question again!!! see previous messages for info (sent from Kopar)

is this slow train running mumbra to cst (sent from Mumbra Stn.)

central line from badlapur to Dadar is active?

any update on 10.06 kalyan bound local ?? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

 are trains on time?  (sent from Vidyavihar Stn.)

why

why trains are late? (sent from Badlapur Stn.)

whats the status ? (sent from Kurla)

are trains running on time from Thane? 

?? (sent from Nerul)

is there train running from Bhandup towards Ghatkopar (sent from Bhandup)

can anyone suggest, whether we should leave the office earliest or it will be fine to leave during eve? considering the trains status  (sent from Churchgate)

6.45 CST Fast status ?????  (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

what is status from shahad to cstm (sent from Shahad Stn.)

Don't take risk...why you going... (sent from Ambernath)

is train running from Ambarnath to cst ? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

thane bound trains from diva working? (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)

how to reach pune

what about bhandup to kalyan status (sent from Bhandup Stn.)

Badlapur CSMT Train status plz?

what about Kasara train? are Kasara route trains are running? (sent from Vikhroli)

Dadar Matunga barish ruk gayi hai kya? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

are trains running from karjat?

Thane to Vashi?? (sent from Thane)

Wherei is asangaon??  (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

a Dadar bound train has hit a man who was standing on the platform number 4 (sent from Mulund Stn.)

central line towards cst on time? (sent from Nahur)

what's the status of Karjat train..  timing 7:22 at kalyan  (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

from ghatkopar to dombivli are trains okay? (sent from Vile Parle Stn.)

what is the status?? 

kalwa se ulhas nagar ke liye train chalu hai kya? (sent from Kalva)

ulhasnagar to badlapur? (sent from Vithalwadi)

what is status of slow train from kalyan (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

from where to where (sent from Thakurli)

what is the problem between mumbra & Diva (sent from Mumbra)

Where is first fast train (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

train late hai kya guys?

Phatak open for more than 30 mins ??? (sent from Kalva Stn.)

which one  (sent from Mulund Stn.)

कसारा ते दादर लोकल गाड्या सुरु आहेत का?

what is the status of trains from diva to thane? (sent from Kalva)

what's the train status of 7.35 Asangaon-CSMT  (sent from Dombivli)

karjat se train time pe he Kya? koi batayega .plz  (sent from Karjat Stn.)

what is status for Vasai to diva jn 

ghatkoper to ambernath working? (sent from Andheri)

only ? s  no one gives anwers on this forum.. waste of time

what is the status at kurla station ? (sent from Thane Stn.)

Kurla to Kalyan train running???? (sent from Chunabhatti)

What is status of Badlapur to CSMT t local train, it's running???? (sent from Tilak Nagar)

8:49 अंबरनाथ वेळेत आहे का? (sent from Tilak Nagar Stn.)

ट्रेन टाईम वर आहेत का.? (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)

are the bus running from Thane (cidco) bus stop to patni ?? (sent from Charni Road)

what about thane to Ghansoli

high tide at 8:45? (sent from Kalyan)

what's the status of central line are they late  (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

what is current train status??? (sent from Badlapur Stn.)

hello all is there any new trains from tomorrow ? heard few people say this (sent from Dombivli)

what is status train running from Thane to kalyan ?

whats the status thane cst ?

what the status of express from cstm

are trains running from Andheri starting to Borivali? (sent from Ambernath)

what is current status of central railway (sent from Titwala Stn.)

kahi problem ahe ka Dombivali te kanjur madhe?( sent frm Dombivali)

Those who are travelling by 6.57 CST fast from Vangani, the train is cancelled today, just announced at Bhivpuri Road... (sent from Bhivpuriroad Stn.)

which is the next Fast train scheduled at Thane stn for cst (sent from Thane)

wbt Ambarnath to CST? (sent from Ambernath Stn.)

Thane se cst fast hai abhi ?? (sent from Thane Stn.)

bajiya pav wala betha hai kya vikhroli pe?

are central railway trains running on time? (sent from Koparkhairne)

how is the Kurla station

dadar to shahad..? (sent from Vile Parle Stn.)

are the trains working????

What is the status at Thane?

today  strike , any  effect to  trains ?

are trains coming on slow line??

whats the status of central line are the trains on Time???

don't ask questions like illiterate. just read what others are saying (sent from Koparkhairne)

status of belapur cst fast train ?? (sent from Mulund Stn.)

update when u reach kurla  (sent from Airoli Stn.)

on which pf i can catch train for dadar from thane only fast train pls (sent from Borivali)

what is the status for titwala to thane

is there any problem from Ghatkoper to Kalyan.?

what's the status of CSTM to Thane (sent from Cst Stn.)

where the 8.33 cst train (sent from Titwala)

which one one is at khadawli in which I am there and other Hasan started yst from cst Asangaon 1.04 (sent from Khadavli)

can anyone tell me what about from Ambarnath side  (sent from Diva Jn)

are all trains running on proper time?? (sent from Kalyan)

current status from Kalyan to CST ? (sent from Thane Stn.)

are train running from kalyan to ambernath side?? (sent from Dombivli)

is mumbai pune trains rnning on time? reply (sent from Bhayander)

central line train on time or not? (sent from Thane)

koi bol Raha band hai koi bol Raha chalu hai??

are trains on time? (sent from Vidyavihar)

Badlapur to Karjat running ??? (sent from Badlapur)

central line train running or Not

any trains to karjat?

aasangao to kalyan train ka statues kya hai ? (sent from Kalyan)

is there any danger  on stations

train status from Ghatkopar to Badlapur ??

is there Water logging?  and both fast and slow stopped?  (sent from Badlapur)

is there any megablock from.kalyan to chembur nd return too (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

I would like to request de Admin kindly remove n block those people who spread unnecessary rumours  (sent from Vikhroli)

Has the issue between kurla & Vidyavihar been resolved?  are trains running smoothly now towards CST (sent from Parel)

what about kajur to vidyavihaar from kanjur (sent from Bhandup)

train position between vidyavihar to mulund? (sent from Mulund Stn.)

what happened kalyan train (sent from Kalva)

where is karjat train

what happened? (sent from Thane Stn.)

what is status of mumbai locals? 

central railway regular hay kya? (sent from Koparkhairne)

is there any delay in cl (sent from Mumbra Stn.)

how many min trains are late? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

Till 6 pm train issues will get cleared na?

kyu shaadi karega??? (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)

?? (sent from Badlapur Stn.)

kab aayegi 10:54 fast for cst? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

 train on time?

sion matunga?? any water logging?

Is Kalyan to Thane trains on time? (sent from Nalla Sopara)

trains are working in central line??? (sent from Parel)

what is the status from ghatkopaf towards kalyan slow track (sent from Ghatkopar)

down side train r running on time or not?? (sent from Koparkhairne)

what train status Thane cstm  (sent from Ghansoli Stn.)

trains late on central line?? (sent from Airoli Stn.)

train stauts from Mulund??

are Thane-CST trains running normally? is it safe to travel ?

is there any mega block between kalyan to thane ??

trains are running between ulhasnagar n csmt? (sent from Ghatkopar)

what is the status (sent from Dombivli)

Trains are running? I want to reach Churchgate (From Thane)

dadar thane train on time???? 

why d train stop at kalwa (sent from Kalva Stn.)

badlapur se Cst train chalu Hai Kya? (sent from Badlapur)

Central railway trns status??  (sent from Andheri)

dada to kalyan train chalu hai kya? (sent from Andheri)

are there trains from kalyan to titwala?

Kalyan to Thane trains chalu hai kya? (sent from Kalyan)

What is the situation of trains leaving from Badlapur station? (sent from Badlapur)

central line status? 

is there is train running badlapur to bhandup?

trains cancelled hai Kya? (sent from Kalva Stn.)

what about train status from bhivpuri to kurla

heavy rains in Dombivali,what is the train status (sent from Dombivli)

what is the status of trains to cst?? (sent from Mumbra)

 For patient

Panvel to Kurla?

CST TO KALYAN Trains are going on time? (sent from Shahad)

thane se CST ke liye slow local ? (sent from Thane Stn.)

central line any update? (sent from Ambernath)

are trains from kalyan towards karjat running on time?

CST se Kalyan train chalu hain kya? (sent from Kurla)

12188 garibrath come which no platform at dadar (sent from Dadar Stn.)

are trains moving from thane to Dadar?

is last train for csmt available today? (sent from Thane)

may i knw trains are working or not ? (sent from Airoli Stn.)

What about the train's running from Thane towards Dadar?  (sent from Ghansoli)

dadar see Kalyan train chalu Hain Kya ??? (sent from Borivali Stn.)

are trains on time from badlapur?? 

train from neral to cst ? (sent from Neral Stn.)

Thane CST running on time? (sent from Vashi)

Hey Anyone Can Help me with KYN-TNA trns running smooth ?

how much time will be rltrain late (sent from Bhandup)

guyzz can we go to cllg ?? are the train available ?? (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)

kindly avoid thane station. waterlog every where. even uf yiu get trains they are hqrsly gonna move (sent from Thane Stn.)

u are on Kalyan  station???

what is the status of cst to kalyan (sent from Sion Stn.)

kaha k liye nhi available hai...?

how is today's Schedule? is train running late? 

is there any problem.between kalyan to badlapur?

is karjat route blocked? (sent from Ambernath)

train are running in kalyan to thane?

Are there any issues between Kurla and Dadar? (sent from Juinagar Stn.)

train chalu aahet ka?

Are trains on time ? (sent from Bhandup Stn.)

Byculla to Vikhroli status please? (sent from Byculla)

what about 7:24 titwla to cst train... is it on time (sent from Titwala)

cst se thane tk train chalu hai kya? (sent from Masjid)

Kasara and asangaon train please update?

Ambernath, Badlapur trains are running or not?

train status towards cat? (sent from Thane)

what about Kalyan Kasara???

what problem in central line slow line (sent from Bhandup Stn.)

thane SE CST chalu hai kya train?? (sent from Rabale)

kasara local is on time ? (sent from Mulund Stn.)

what is the status of badlapur to ghatkopar

what is the current status (sent from Vithalwadi Stn.)

vasai diva train is on time?? (sent from Bhiwandi Road)

hi diva se vikhroli train chal rahi he kya?

what's the issue??

8:16 csmt to asangaon status ? (sent from Kalva Stn.)

ghatkopar to parel, train is running ? (sent from Mulund Stn.)

are down trains to Ambernath running? (sent from.kurla stn)  (sent from Ambernath Stn.)

THANE STATION HAI ? YAA DOOOB GAYA 

Any idea trains moving from kalyan to ambernath? (sent from Nahur)

kalyan wali trains h kya?? (sent from Nerul Stn.)

why trains are late there is no announcement (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)

how to travel then

is there mega block tomorrow pls reply

what abt csmt  (sent from Mulund Stn.)

6.44 kalyan - cst?? (sent from Thakurli Stn.)

TRAIN WORKING??? (sent from Chunabhatti Stn.)

Trains are available from kalyan to dadar??? (sent from Vithalwadi)

are trains on time from thane to karjat? (sent from Thane Stn.)

trains from thane?

is there Karjat to CST train left from Kalyan ?? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

what's the problem in central line anybody knows? (sent from Mumbra Stn.)

is there train on time from dombivali to cst (sent from Dombivli)

name? (sent from Ghansoli)

Asangaon train Kaha pe hai?? (sent from Thane Stn.)

where is it changing it's track? (sent from Nahur Stn.)

central on time ahe na...? (sent from Mulund Stn.)

how many Mint late (sent from Vangani Stn.)

what about harbour line (sent from Turbhe)

What's the update on Central Railway (sent from Mulund)

please update your oun status by which we can judge the sitution instead of asking questions (sent from Kalyan)

any news from badlapur??? (sent from Lower Parel)

what was the current status of central railway (sent from Badlapur)

what's the issue ? (sent from Parel Stn.)

sion to ghatkoper working?  (sent from Sion)

Ghtkopar to cst up or down trains h ya cancl h? (sent from Ghatkopar)

central line what status?  (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)

train chalu he kya ???

thane to Dombivli? (sent from Seawood Darave Stn.)

thane to cst ? (sent from Kalva Stn.)

Badlapur to CST train chalu hai kya ?pls anyone confirm

thane to vashi chalu hai kya? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

what is the situation at sion Station  (sent from Bhandup Stn.)

are autos running in mulund fine? (sent from Nahur)

what is the status of centrel rail (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)

trains till mulund? (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)

till what time mega block is there today??

where is Kharghar ??

 8:24 Thana start arrives at which platform?  (sent from Thane Stn.)

what is current status of trains friend

What abt mulund to kalyan train?? (sent from Mulund)

how much time to arrive next fast train on Thane station?? (sent from Thane Stn.)

is thane dadar running properly ??? (sent from Airoli Stn.)

kalyan se sion tk koi trn h ky? (sent from Kalyan)

bandra to vadala trains on time?  (sent from Nerul)

anyone having update on trains towards CSMT from Ambernath? (sent from Thakurli Stn.)

what about bhandup to diva??  (sent from Nahur Stn.)

ghatkopar london train working fine?? (sent from Kurla)

Bdlapur ka h kya train thane se?  (sent from Thane Stn.)

central line? 

dude Kalyan me pani bhara h kya ?

Are trains going to CSMT fine ? (sent from Dombivli)

what about kasara train?

mumbra se cst train chalu hui kya???? (sent from Mumbra)

Central line and Western line trains are running on time?

what about Karjat to csmt train

cat to kalyan ???? (sent from Churchgate)

I don't know what's the matter (sent from Thane Stn.)

trains working from Kurla to Vashi?  (sent from Ghatkopar)

  what is the status of central line from cst to kalyan  (sent from Reay Road Stn.)

are the trains to CSMT running in time  ? (sent from Bhandup Stn.)

aadat ho gai hogi boss ki dat khane ki (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)

status at mulund stn?  (sent from Mulund)

till Ghatkopar? (sent from Byculla Stn.)

thane to Kurla any status? (sent from Kalva)

any train from badlapur to Cst? 

ludo. ?? (sent from Rabale Stn.)

is there water logging in thane ? (sent from Grant Road Stn.)

status at thane??

express trains running smoothly? 

are the train function till thane ?? (sent from Ambernath Stn.)

any status on 7:08am slow train for CSMT from Thane? (sent from Kalva Stn.)

toward dombivali is trains r running???  (sent from Diva Jn)

are toy train to matheran running from neral today? (sent from Kurla Stn.)

are trains running normally between Ghatkopar and Kurla? (sent from Vidyavihar Stn.)

Titwal trains? (sent from Kanjur Marg)

Ghatkopar is happening today???? (sent from Shahad)

what is the status of central line locals (sent from Neral Stn.)

How are trains running in Central line (sent from Chembur)

which train update u (sent from Dadar Stn.)

titwala train? (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

Trains running smoothly from Ambernath-CST ? (sent from Nahur)

is there any delay...? (sent from Govandi Stn.)

trains are running or not ? (sent from Tilak Nagar)

what abt kanjur to titwala (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)

what is status of CR towards cst (sent from Thane)

dombivali train is started running or not? (sent from Dombivli)

why all trains are late (sent from Vasai Road Stn.)

Sion duba? (sent from Kandivali)

what is the status from thane to cst? 

what issue Thane Tu mulund  (sent from Thakurli)

what is the current status from dadar to thane local??? (sent from Dadar Stn.)

Transits are about 15 - 20 minutes delaying from their time!!! CSMT - Badlapur F which was scheduled to depart from CSMT @ 2:08 pm is running 15 - 20 minutes behind the schedule... (sent from Chunabhatti Stn.)

train running on time frm kalyan ? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

train are late??? ghatkopar side

Trains are not running? (sent from Vile Parle)

Kalyan to Thane running? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

what about kalyan (sent from Vikhroli)

cst train arrived there??  (sent from Vithalwadi)

is that very easy? 😂you stop using train than saying this (sent from Byculla Stn.)

train chalu hai kya ??? (sent from Nahur Stn.)

thana to dadar Train available??

what's the reason for late train (sent from Mumbra Stn.)

cstm to khopoli train chalu hai kya?  (sent from Vikhroli)

Dombivli to Thane status? (sent from Dombivli)

what about asangaon train (sent from Titwala)

hello ....from thane to Kalyan train ka kya status hai...? (sent from Airoli)

how are down locals moving from Ghatkopar?  are they on time? 

where is kalyan slow 2.02 from kanjur  (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)

central line chalu hai kyaa?

what about dadar to thane train status?  (sent from Santa Cruz Stn.)

central line is working or not??? (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)

what is status of dombivali to cst (sent from Kopar Stn.)

train working or not

kalyan to dadar trains are on time???? (sent from Shahad Stn.)

what is the status of Badlapur train from dombivali

Kalyan to khopoli trains chalu hai kya??

what about dombivali to kanjur? (sent from Nilje Stn.)

baarish mein public whatsapp se jyaada m indiactor pe chat karte hai!!!!!😂 (sent from Kopar)

what is wrong with central lines trains towards thane? (sent from Elphinstone Road Stn.)

train status ?

trains are on time ?

why delay??

        Is it safe to leave for dadar now? (sent from Dombivli)

क्या दादर से cst की साइड ट्रेन बराबर चल रही हैं...? (sent from Grant Road Stn.)

kurla to cst train is working? please tell me  (sent from Kurla Stn.)

train status?

kasara to cstm trains late ho sakti h kya....central lines trains kya status h?

what about dadar to kurla ??? (sent from Khar Road Stn.)

hi what is the train status

from Thane?

thane harbour chalu hai???

Is train running on time on Central Line? (sent from Vithalwadi)

Dahanu train?? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

thane to kalyan trains on time? (sent from Airoli Stn.)

where is 2:35 karjat csmt local now (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

what is train status from cst to thane (sent from Kurla Stn.)

Badlapur to kalyan train chalu hai kya?

karjat/khopoli chalu ahe ka? (sent from Mankhurd)

is water login on Sion station track? (sent from Chunabhatti)

working fine o late? slow o fast?  (sent from Thane Stn.)

running fine? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

kasara line satus?  trns r running or not  (sent from Ambernath)

mad. can't u read upper comments car to kalyan working so.mumbra comes in between kalyan and cst only no? (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

Ghatkopar SE Mulund train hai?? (sent from Ghatkopar)

पुढे जाऊन अडकणार तर नाही? (sent from Badlapur Stn.)

dadar to bhandup???  (sent from Kandivali Stn.)

local status what going (sent from Shahad)

what about Thane to dombivali..?

Trains running? (sent from Tilak Nagar)

where is 10.07 karjat from ulhasnagar??? (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)

Kindly check Megablock details in *Most Liked Chats at right side of chat section* also the Megablock details are available in News section of m-indicator app. *News Section* button is present at top right corner of chat section

what's the status about thane to csmt trains? (sent from Koparkhairne Stn.)

central local chalu he kya? (sent from Kalyan)

dombivali se chalu hua kya ? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

Thane to panvel running? (sent from Nahur)

is 7:43 badlapur train from thane cancelled? (sent from Thane Stn.)

train status? (sent from Thane)

kasara 9.35 status???

what's the train status. (sent from Vikhroli)

sion status? (sent from Sion Stn.)

Sion-Ghatkopar chya position kaay aahe? (sent from Kings Circle Stn.)

what is the thane to kalyan train status? 

CST to Kalyan ? (sent from Churchgate)

Hi Hira, train is on time? (sent from Bandra)

what's the status from dadar to kalyan (sent from Borivali Stn.)

status of ghatkopar to cst?? (sent from Ghatkopar)

kurla to dadr?? (sent from Kurla Stn.)

Badlapur to cst train time pe hei Kya? (sent from Badlapur Stn.)

are Dhanu virar trains working??

train status of thane to Dombivli?? (sent from Nahur Stn.)

is there any TrAin problem from Kurla to ambernath?? (sent from Mankhurd)

status of train from diva to vasai?  (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

thane cst trains are running?

what's the problem on down slow line?? (sent from Nahur)

mega block ? (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)

are trains running on time? (sent from Thane Stn.)

Badlapur Thana chalu ahe ka? (sent from Badlapur)

are trains running on time towards karjat.??

why (sent from Diva Jn)

what about thane trains to csmt (sent from Thane Stn.)

is train working ? (sent from Vidyavihar Stn.)

where is 9 12 Kp from ghatkoper (sent from Thane Stn.)

is 6:15 from kalyan to cst on time?? (sent from Kalyan)

what about 9.33 titwala slow train (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

aaj trains band hai kya....???

train status from baflapur to dadar?? (sent from Badlapur)

Dear Pm., & Railway minister, why don't you construct Bullet train from CSMT to Kasara, Karat, Panel, palghar..that will give you a very good Returns in future.. (sent from Kopar Stn.)

pls update, whether 9.39 from Badlapur is on time? 

what about karjat trains (sent from Badlapur Stn.)

any issue in train near nahur?  (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

what is current situations of train (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)

What's the issue happened??? (sent from Nahur Stn.)

kalwa?  (sent from Kalva)

what is the issue and at which station I have to go to kalyan (sent from Mulund Stn.)

what is status of central train (sent from Parel Stn.)

fast trains bhi?

Kalyan to Dadar? (sent from Kalyan)

what about Shahad station  (sent from Shahad Stn.)

what about thne to cstm? (sent from Thane Stn.)

Sanpada to Thane trains chalu ahet ka? (sent from Seawood Darave)

where is badlapur cst train leaving at 211 from badlapur? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

is panchvati express cancelled today ? (sent from Ambernath)

what is the status from Dadar to Ghatkopar?

any one know what is the problem between ghatkopar and vikroli Central line locals are stopped one by one  (sent from Ghatkopar)

what is the status of trains for CST from Dombivali now  (sent from Kopar)

mumbra to cst is train running properly? 

why trains are late at kalva (sent from Kalva Stn.)

what about trains between Ghatkopar and cst (sent from Dahisar)

Water logging in Kurla?  (sent from Kalyan)

dombivli to karjat trains working?  (sent from Thakurli)

Q let kalwa stn ???? (sent from Kalva Stn.)

how much time late train 

tomorrow morning train status? (sent from Karjat Stn.)

are train running late today? plz reply

where is the kasara train (sent from Mulund)

trains are on time? waterlogged anywhere? 

are trains running from Ghatkopar to Thane? (sent from Kandivali)

are trains running from kalyan to csmt ?? (sent from Thakurli)

kalyan cst 15 car status? (sent from Thane Stn.)

right now i am at titwala how to go ganesh mandir plzz tell me (sent from Titwala Stn.)

is there is any problem in kalyan (sent from Shahad)

diva to kurla??

cst  to thane  slow  local  are  running? (sent from Nahur Stn.)

Karjat cst are running..?

dombivali to cst ? (sent from Ghatkopar)

badlapur to CST? 

what is the status of train from kurla to badlapur

what about badlapur

ghatkopar train status ?

are kurla form ghatkhoper trains working?

devagiri express ?

what about fast train (sent from Nahur Stn.)

what abt western line guys??

delayed ??

thank to dadar working??! (sent from Airoli Stn.)

churchgate to mira road train is start ????

Kalyan to Badlapur chalu hui kya locals?  (sent from Kurla Stn.)

Thane to CST train chalu hai?? (sent from Kalyan)

trains from shahad? running? (sent from Shahad)

Dombivali to Ghatkopar... line sorted h ki nhi?? (sent from Nilje)

where 8.33 cst train

pune to mumbai cst -Indrayni super fast (22106) canceled today or not

Sion n kurla stn per Pani bhar Gaya Kya ? (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)

how much late are trains in central line (sent from Thane Stn.)

is locals are regular? (sent from Kalva)

karjat CST trains running on time ? (sent from Karjat Stn.)

what about train to karjat Station  (sent from Kopar)

kitna late Hai? (sent from Churchgate Stn.)

what's the current status of the train from kyn to TL (sent from Kalyan)

where the problem in central line (sent from Mahim Jn Stn.)

trains are running from thane to CST?? (sent from Kalva)

what's d problem?  huge rush at thane (sent from Thane Stn.)

can anyone update what's the problem is ahed kurla (sent from Tilak Nagar)

is there thane to dadar train is running now or not??  (sent from Thane)

is Last khopoli Fast Train running on time?  (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

Ambernath CST train running?

where is dadar - badlapur fast train (sent from Kopar Stn.)

are central trains delayed? (sent from Churchgate Stn.)

badlapur to csmt trains are on time? (sent from Badlapur)

please update, where is 8:20 karjat from badlapur? (sent from Vangani Stn.)

im at sion going towards cst. any update where the train is stuck?? (sent from Sion Stn.)

lol when is it not (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

wts the status for sion!? (sent from Khandeshwar)

karjat se csmt train chalu h? 

trains are running? what abt kurla to CST 

what is the issue in central line 

vashi se cst ke liye trains he kya? (sent from Nahur)

train status between ghatkopar and cst?  (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

kurla se ghatkoper train chalu hai kya? (sent from Sanpada Stn.)

status from thane ?  (sent from Thane)

train status from thane to csmt???  (sent from Bhandup)

what is status dadar to mulund

what is the status of central railway  (sent from Titwala Stn.)

has the train arrived on Thane station?

 how the train late (sent from Dadar Stn.)

central line status?

मुंबई छत्रपति शिवाजी महाराज टर्मिनस से ठाणे के बीच लोकल ट्रेनों की क्या स्तिथि है मित्रो? (sent from Sandhurst Road Stn.)

Train status from Mulund to Kanjurmarg?  (sent from Mulund)

is there any issue between Thane to Dombivli 

aaj mega block aha ka central line var??? (sent from Bhandup)

down side trains will be late due ti heavy rains what is the for up side   (sent from Ambernath Stn.)

this is really sucking. somebody plz don't spread false information that train running on time (sent from Ambernath Stn.)

dadar to badlapur ?

What is the current status of central railway

What is the situation of train from ulhasnagar  (sent from Shahad)

snehal p from sai ? (sent from Vithalwadi Stn.)

Anybody at Soon?Please update status of waterlogging on tracks at sion

are trains plying from asangao to thane?? (sent from Vasind Stn.)

why train late today? (sent from Andheri)

Kalyan to CST up fast line chalu hai kya...?? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

what is status of Sion station ?

how are trains running to cstm (sent from Badlapur Stn.)

whats the rain status? (sent from Chunabhatti)

badlapur me train kyu band he ? (sent from Badlapur Stn.)

are trains running on tym between Thane and Airoli??? 

thane to cst trains chalu hai kya ? (sent from Airoli Stn.)

sion-kurla waterlogging he kya? (sent from Bhandup Stn.)

trains chalu ahe ka badlapur pasun??? (sent from Badlapur)

उल्सासनगर ते ठणे लोकल सुरु आहे काय? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

what about Kalyan to cst fast

any type of water bogging on Mulund to Ghatkopar???? (sent from Mulund)

what happening on dadar central (sent from Vashi Stn.)

train chalu he kya? (sent from Thane Stn.)

where is ladies speacial  (sent from Gtb Nagar Stn.)

kurla se kalyan ka kya haal he boss? (sent from Tilak Nagar Stn.)

Central line mein paani bhara hai kya? (sent from Grant Road Stn.)

how is the situation in sion (sent from Cst)

where is the thane local (sent from Vidyavihar)

mulund to Kalyan?? (sent from Kanjur Marg)

Thane to Vashi running or not? (sent from Mulund)

Are trains late to cst?? cos its not raining in mulund here..but is it in other parts of the city? (sent from Mulund)

what is the train status towards khopali is any one know?

what is central railway status? (sent from Chunabhatti)

badlapur wale sab soye h kya? koi to btao update badlapur ka?

dadar to vidhyavihar clear? (sent from Khar Road)

are trains running today from badlapur to Thane? 

thane to ambernath train status please?

kalyan to csmt going on time?  (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

karjat chalu aahe ka??

trains status at Dombivli??

is there any problem of train? (sent from Parel)

any reason behind this morning late and cancelled issue?  (sent from Titwala)

and fast band hai pura? (sent from Badlapur)

are trains in central running on time?  (sent from Andheri Stn.)

is there any problem for the trains from diva to cst??

for how long? (sent from Thakurli)

train?? 

r trains shut of central line??? (sent from Dockyard Road Stn.)

which roof at thane has collapsed? 

What is the status for Central Trains From Thane to kalyan

does trains between thane kalyan running?? (sent from Thakurli)

what about fast trains? (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)

is that true? (sent from Dombivli)

trains from CST to thane running properly? (sent from Chinchpokli Stn.)

are you serious????

trains are running or not towrds thane from ambernath???

thane to dadar trains are running or not?

mega block time???? (sent from Ambernath)

are trains running on Central line? (sent from Airoli)

any delays near sion..dadar??? (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)

wt happened ? (sent from Airoli Stn.)

Rajesh Tarwani please confirm central trains leaving from Ulhasnagar towards CST are on time.. is there any announcements going on platform for delay?  (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)

Where is 9:47,  Kalyan Dadar 15 dabba train ? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

how fast trains are running  (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)

Trains ka kya position hai, cst se.?.... Sahi time se hai kya? (sent from Mulund)

Plz update thane to badlapur ..trains ?

what's the status from Dombivli to CST (sent from Dombivli)

did 9.29 train reach badlapur? 

where is Asangaon trn?  (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

trains are working or not? (sent from Vadala Road)

All trains are stop?

are trains running late? (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)

how much min late (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

trains chalu hai Kya? (sent from Belapur Cbd Stn.)

last local kaha tak hai??? (sent from Thane Stn.)

now what is status of local trains  from vangani to cst? (sent from Vangani)

anybody amswer me any train towards thane????  (sent from Byculla)

are trains on time ? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

train are working between Thane and kalyan or not

trains chalu hua kya? (sent from Bhandup Stn.)

what? (sent from Elphinstone Road Stn.)

any update? (sent from Nerul Stn.)

trains regular?

why (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

are train crowded ?

what about up train from Ambarnath to dadar (sent from Kalyan)

what is status shahad (sent from Shahad)

central railway working? from CST to ghatkopar

just got news that trains are being haulted at thane??? (sent from Khar Road)

what about 10.04 train towards cst at Dombivli (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

what about Dombivali locals (sent from Dombivli)

Karjat to CST?

are trains running on time from dadar to kalyan ?  (sent from Santa Cruz)

status of train from karat to CST?  (sent from Vithalwadi)

r trains  working from bhandup to sion ? (sent from Mahim Jn Stn.)

is any bega block today

Trains are working properly????? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

how are things at kalwa station? (sent from Kalva Stn.)

ambernath or Badlapur trains are running pls reply?

thane to kurla?? 

trains are runing between CST to dombivli or not

cst  ke  liye train  on  time  hai kya?  (sent from Kalva)

what is the status of karjat train leaving from CST at 3.53 (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)

what about 8.01 ladies spcl from kalyan to cst?  (sent from Shahad)

why 

sion me water logging he kya guyz? (sent from Kalyan)

that's true man because of this we reached late then we have to complete login hrs for day due to which we end up coming late at home no family life (sent from Thakurli Stn.)

kalyan te thane prayant train calu aaye ka? please send (sent from Kalyan)

anyone knows about parel ? (sent from Ghatkopar)

8.34 Kalyan to CST is on time?

what is the current status for 6.26 cst from badlapur  (sent from Badlapur Stn.)

are trains running from Kalyan to ambernath..? (sent from Kandivali)

Why? stopped or cancelled? (sent from Dombivli)

train towards CSMT, any update?  (sent from Bhandup)

KALYAn tak  fast 🚆 barabr as Rahi na? (sent from Kanjur Marg)

are train running on time or there is a megablock ?? (sent from Vasai Road)

trains are on time? (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)

badlapur pasun CSMT train chalu ahet ka ? 

karjat chalu aahet ka? 

what is status from kalyan to Dombivali

ambarnath to CST??  (sent from Vithalwadi Stn.)

juinagar se gowandi train chalu hai kya? (sent from Juinagar Stn.)

R trains running? (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)

train in time or what (sent from Titwala Stn.)

kalyan ke aage train chalu hai kya?

its raining heavily everywhere or only in Dombivli ? (sent from Dombivli)

Dadar to asangaon trains running position ? late or right time (sent from Lower Parel)

what is status from Titwala to CSTM train

does anyone know...? plzzz rply (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

what the status for kalyan status (sent from Kalyan)

are Dombivli-Ghatkopar running properly? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

I have to catch train to pune in an hour, could someone tell me if everything is okay between mumbai pune route? (sent from Thane)

from Ambernath to CST?

thane to dombivli train chal raha h kya..?? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

9:53? (sent from Mumbra)

what is train status of ulhasnagar to cst (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

does today trains are running?? (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)

is fast train ohk?? (sent from Grant Road Stn.)

 central line tranins delay hai kya?

thane to mulund??  (sent from Mulund)

In thane looks like no issues at all..but what about badlapur thane..no apology, no single announcement.. (sent from Thane Stn.)

Any update on Asangaon semi fast train?  (sent from Mahim Jn Stn.)

check in westernline chat (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

is there train for cstm from kalyan (sent from Kalyan)

and also thanks to m indicator to provide us chat facility so we know d issues,nd discuss with others (sent from Thane)

kai problem ahe ?

what is the reason behind delay of trains?? (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)

what about sion

ghatkopar to dombivli train status?  (sent from Dombivli)

where is 3.43 badlapur slow from Kalyan ? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

what about Mulund guys  (sent from Mulund Stn.)

hi central train status? (sent from Malad Stn.)

i mean train time pe he kya?

any issue between nahur and Mulund.?? (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)

train status of 10.36 ambernath plz...  where is has reached  (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

is there any train problem travelling to downside??? (sent from Dombivli)

what is the stats Ambernath?

central railway train status??? (sent from Thane)

Where is dombivali train (sent from Kopar Stn.)

are trains running on time?

trains running on time.?

what is the train status of kasara or asangaon near thane (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

dombivli? (sent from Dombivli)

Kurla to Mumbra ...is that wkrng?? (sent from Kurla)

How's the weather  (sent from Tilak Nagar Stn.)

why are the trains late?  (sent from Dadar Stn.)

where is karjat train (sent from Badlapur)

what about ambernath to CST?

why has train stopped at chinchpokli (sent from Vidyavihar Stn.)

hey guys what is the status of CST Train towards Goregaon (sent from Andheri Stn.)

are train working from Sion station now? (sent from Sion Stn.)

hi what is the central line status up & down

what's problem .  (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

karat local chalay hai Kya? (sent from Neral Stn.)

क्या रेल समय पर हैं । ? सी एस एम टी की ओर आणेवली  (sent from Vikhroli)

thane to cst train ka kya status hai?? (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)

what about badlapur thane slow? (sent from Kalva Stn.)

ghatkopar to KALWA ? (sent from Andheri Stn.)

train status ?

karjat train chalu aahet ka?

is there any running train from Ambernath till Dombivli?

towards dadar ? status kalyan to csmt ?? (sent from Kurla Stn.)

status of the train...are dey running normally? (sent from Kurla)

thane to CST? (sent from Thane)

what's the status??

Are the train running properly??  from nahur to kalyan (sent from Nahur)

M INDICATOR  MUST HAVE ONE OPTION WHERE ONLY RAILWAY WILL GIVE TRAIN UPDATE NO OTHERS. SO THAT PEOPLE WILL NOT SEND UNNESSARY  MESSAGES ABOUT TRAIN RUNNING. (sent from Dombivli)

ambernath to vidyavihar are all trains running???? (sent from Ambernath)

what are the running train timings of kasara to thane today

The train from thane to badlapur at evening 6.51 pm always bring in speed .why bringing so fast it starts from thane only Na atleast where ladies are standing there atleast from there the train should be some slow this is daily issue. (sent from Belapur Cbd Stn.)

Thane to CST running or not

what about kalyan karjat (sent from Vangani)

7.52 karjat  CST Local from Badlapur on which station now (sent from Badlapur)

what happened 

status of Karjat trains? ?

?? (sent from Ghatkopar)

what was the status 

how are trains in CSMT (sent from Cst Stn.)

what is the status of central lines  (sent from Bandra)

asangaon train time pe hai ?

train haulted at thane outing since 20mins which is going towards dadar. kalyan dadar train 907 from kalyan  (sent from Kalva)

where  is badlapur CST fast (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)

what is cr running update  (sent from Thakurli)

what is khopoli train status (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

cst train is available now? from titwala (sent from Titwala)

are trains available from mulund to diva??? (sent from Mulund Stn.)

are trains running to cst ??? central  (sent from Nahur Stn.)

how t  (sent from Nerul Stn.)

trains r running from thane to kalyan? (sent from Ghansoli Stn.)

That why people must learn to protect them self  (sent from Byculla)

Trains status for kasara line? (sent from Dadar)

which time of kasra train at moring (sent from Kalva)

where is Karjat CsT fast local now

Dadar to mumbra trains r running or not..?? (sent from Bandra Stn.)

what is issue

Are express trains running?  (sent from Kopar Stn.)

need to go from Kurla to Ghatkopar? are the trains running and if they are then are they on time? (sent from Kharghar)

thane se Seawoods ke liye train hai kids late hair?  (sent from Koparkhairne)

but what is the problem (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

is 1.25 from shahad on time?  (sent from Vithalwadi)

kalyan cst train chalu hai?

dombivli to kurla are the trains running?  (sent from Dombivli)

is kurla crowded? (sent from Parel Stn.)

khopoli / karjay train chalu ahet ka?? (sent from Santa Cruz)

central train is running or not??? (sent from Thane Stn.)

Is it good idea to go for college today?  (sent from Ghatkopar)

trains on time or late ? (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)

 what is train position now (sent from Vikhroli)

9:07 Dadar slow... local indicator closed... it's canclled what (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

Badlapur to cst chalu hai ka. ???

Kalyan to Thane chalu hai??

has the Karjat CsT train reached Bhivpuri road yet?  (sent from Badlapur Stn.)

what is the status of train from CSMT to vikhroli? 

what's the status of trn??     (sent from Shelu)

ghatkopar to cst working?  (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

problem kya hua he??  (sent from Elphinstone Road Stn.)

Deccan Queen cancelled today?? any news (sent from Santa Cruz)

trains are running between Thane to CSMT???  (sent from Thane Stn.)

what is the status of train from kalyan to badlapur??? (sent from Vithalwadi)

Central line working?  (sent from Kanjur Marg)

where is 8.33 titwala now? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

Are trains moving from Dadar to Badlapur? (sent from Matunga Stn.)

is 6;33 train departed from karjat?

cst to ghatkopar??? (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)

dombivali to ghatkoper train chalu hai kya ?? (sent from Kopar)

 kalyan to thane train ? (sent from Kalyan)

what about panvel

hi what is the status of thane to cst trains?  (sent from Rabale)

towards kasara??

Are trains from Badlapur going to thane ??? (sent from Badlapur Stn.)

kurla to curry road?????

any updates for 11.55 cst from vashind? (sent from Vasind)

kalwa to Kalyan train status??

kya hua hai mulund station pe??? (sent from Nahur Stn.)

carjat train?

train running from Ghatkopar to Mulund? (sent from Nerul Stn.)

Bhiwandi road se Bandra station kaise Jane kya??

VT to vikhroli running on time?

Thane to ambernath trains working? (sent from Airoli Stn.)

are you praising them or cursing ??  (sent from Nilje)

what is the train position

no train since long time at Sion. Any updates? (sent from Sion Stn.)

is there any problem in kalva?

Ambernath to CST? are trains running??

what's the status of cst to kasara train?? (sent from Kasara Stn.)

where is asangav train  (sent from Kopar Stn.)

trains running on time?

thane to badlapur train on the? 

thane to cst train running??

are train running from Thane to kalyan?? (sent from Thane)

cst to Dadar ...what is the current status ? (sent from Byculla Stn.)

what abt ambernath fast via Bhandup; is late.....? (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)

22045 expected time? (sent from Dombivli)

is there clogging at mulund? (sent from Mulund)

Sion-Matunga any update? (sent from Bhandup Stn.)

kanjur to thane ka kya status hai??

status about Tranc harbour line? (sent from Mankhurd)

aasngaon??? (sent from Thane Stn.)

what about kalyan to badlapur status

don't ask too much questions , just update Ur station where u are , otherwise it will be messy to understand (sent from Bhandup)

kaisha accident???  (sent from Nahur Stn.)

Kurla thane trains r running ?? (sent from Nerul)

9.11 train from ulhasnagar is on time aur not ????? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

are train working ? (sent from Kandivali)

what's the reason for delays (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)

what is the issue on central railway. trains late

from wadala to tilak nagar is working ????

train.proper time pe h kya??  (sent from Nahur)

hi Sankar. are trains working at vidyavihar? (sent from Cst)

due to what  (sent from Ambernath Stn.)

what about Dombivli to vidhyavihar? (sent from Kopar Stn.)

why cetral train running late

nobody know what is exact problem 

is train on time ?

what is train status in ambernath 

train chalu ha?i (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

train chalu ahet ka? (sent from Kandivali)

All trains are working in central line ??

which station live ladies special train (sent from Thakurli)

WHAT ABOUT KASARA TRAINS? (sent from Mulund)

thane karjat train? (sent from Kalva Stn.)

what about Khopoli csmt trains..???? it is working or what? (sent from Khopoli Stn.)

koi train cst poch rahi hai kya?? (sent from Mulund Stn.)

what about Thane to Ambarnath

whats the status at kanjurmarg?

what about sion (sent from Sion)

is trains on time from mulund to cst ? (sent from Nahur)

अंबरनाथ से मुंबई ट्रेन चल रहा है क्या? 

dadar to kalyan what's is status (sent from Dadar Stn.)

is badlapur to cst local service on time? (sent from Badlapur)

Kal Mumbai bandh hai Kya dosto??? (sent from Kurla Stn.)

what is the status of Badlapur to CST station?? (sent from Badlapur)

is it left from Kalyan? (sent from Thakurli Stn.)

are trains working from shahad? (sent from Shahad)

hamari office chalu hi kya?? (sent from Vithalwadi)

Mulund to Kalyan me bohot barish hai kya? (sent from Mulund Stn.)

slow train start? 

rains have started only from 05.00 at Dombivali and hence so far trains appears to be working but may stop once water-logging starts after some time. Those who can afford stay at home.. (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

what is current status of central line ?

where track has been damaged  (sent from Shahad)

any update? (sent from Chembur)

kalyan to thane trains chalu hai Kya ???

Konark in which platform I'm Kalyan (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

is heavy rain in Mumbai?? (sent from Kopar Stn.)

train status from Thane to CST? Are on tym?

is there any problem near kasarat line? (sent from Thane Stn.)

trains are running on time or its delay or cancellation of train ? (sent from Churchgate)

local train on time or not

what's the status of trains towards CST? (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)

trains from ambernath on time? (sent from Ambernath)

Where is 10.42 बदलापूर fast (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)

Asangaon train che kahi update? (sent from Titwala Stn.)

what about the locals towards karjat? (sent from Kopar)

plz koi bata skta hain Kya Thane ke liye train chal rhi hain kya????  (sent from Kandivali)

what is the status from ghatkopar to Kalyan trains (sent from Ghatkopar)

can anybody tell something about CST fast??? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

guys what about cst to kalyan (sent from Cst)

r fast trains woeking from cst? (sent from Juinagar)

badlapur to cst fast train where is it.m i.e 7 33 cst fast frm thane whr is it pls tell me urgently (sent from Mulund Stn.)

what is train status now for titwala (sent from Thane)

There doesn't tends to be any reason for which trains would be stopped unless u got em water on railway track  .-.

where is 4.59 ambernath  cst locl now (sent from Shahad)

Is there train running between Dadar to thane (sent from Virar)

any update on trains from sion to thane?  (sent from Gtb Nagar)

cst to kyn trains running or not? (sent from Churchgate)

is central line running?

train from thane to catch running properly?

kalyan Jane ke liye train chalu ?? (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)

what's the status from Dombivli to Ghatkopar train (sent from Thakurli)

how to check train live status 

Trains running on time?  (sent from Byculla Stn.)

any prblm caused in Thane?  (sent from Kopar)

what position at sion kurla (sent from Shahad)

queen?

what's the train status from dombivili to ghatkoper??

where is. cst train from titwala (7.22) (sent from Shahad Stn.)

what's the Current status for Kalyan to thane trains??  (sent from Shahad)

Dombivli se thane running???? (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)

what is status of Horbor line (sent from Rabale Stn.)

Wer has 15 coach fast train reached?   (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

hi, what's the status in byculla and chinchpokli?

where is ambernath train

...?

trains started from thane to cst or not ???

 heavy rainfall in sion or matunga right notw?? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

where is 651 thane Badlapur train  (sent from Mumbra Stn.)

is trains running?  (sent from Vikhroli)

Mumbra to CST is running? 

dadar tothane? (sent from Bandra)

what is current train status till kalyan?

cst to thane ? on time 

where is karjag fast (sent from Bhandup Stn.)

I am also stuck near kalyan Station from last 30 minuts. Dont know what happends (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

what is the train status for central line? (sent from Elphinstone Road)

are trains running from Thane-Dombivli? (sent from Bandra)

is the train from CST to Vidyavihar on? (sent from Sandhurst Road Stn.)

ulhāsnagar se via Nerul navi mumbai train चालू है क्या?  (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

what about trains towards cst?  (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)

mumbra to thane train late h kya ? 

central line working ?? (sent from Andheri)

are trains are late??  (sent from Ambernath)

oye mujhe abh jana hai office koi batado trains chalu hai kya dombivli to Thane??  (sent from Dombivli)

what about asangaon to cst

what about kalyan to dadar..?? (sent from Vithalwadi)

are the trains running from kurla to dadar? (sent from Vashi Stn.)

dombivli to cst train hai kya?

khopoli waterfall chalu hai kya??? (sent from Dombivli)

trains chalu hai kya???

what is the current status of central railway ?  (sent from Kasara Stn.)

rubbish...engineering can resolve issues else why cannot we stop creating engineers. they take taxes but dont do jobs (sent from Sandhurst Road Stn.)

kurla to cst train is working?  (sent from Kurla Stn.)

but why ? (sent from Nahur Stn.)

so trains are running or not? 

wht the train status?  (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)

what is the train status? are they running? from mulund (sent from Mulund)

is it on time? central railway

? (sent from Bhandup Stn.)

Badlapur k trains h? 

?????? (sent from Kalyan)

Central line delayed? (sent from Kurla Stn.)

if the route is cleared then why isn't this badlapur train moving? still stuck at kalyan (sent from Kalyan)

what happen to Trains (sent from Churchgate)

what about kasara ? (sent from Dombivli)

badlapur train chalu hai kya ? (sent from Badlapur)

what is the current position of central line? (sent from Thakurli)

so from kalyan to ghatkopar lines are fine?

what is the status of karjat n khopoli train (sent from Badlapur)

is there rush in train or not in mulund towards kalyan (sent from Nahur)

any status about mega block ? (sent from Byculla)

is any water logging in sion n matunga

any problem after kalwa? (sent from Kalva Stn.)

any update regarding asangaon and kasara locals? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

what about khopoli (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

what is the posting of train in Central  (sent from Govandi)

mulund to dadar status? (sent from Mulund)

kurla to cst chalu hai ya band ?

central railway from neral to thane ?

train working from airoli to thane ?

is this true or rumor? (sent from Ambernath Stn.)

is train working from thane to cst?  (sent from Bhandup)

what is the current status for central line ?? (sent from Churchgate Stn.)

what is the issue for trains getting late? (sent from Kalva Stn.)

It's Traffic issues many train halted thers becuse kalyan it's junction... There is not fixed platform for local train... That why at Between Shahad - 0kalyan n Vittalwadi kalyan always train halts (sent from Byculla)

are Dadar to kasara train on time? (sent from Virar Stn.)

what update in train timing  (sent from Govandi)

where is kasara train (sent from Asangaon Stn.)

what is status or Ghatkopar to kanjurmarg (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)

what about karjat side train status???? (sent from Thakurli Stn.)

what about from kurla to thane ?? trains r working on time (sent from Tilak Nagar Stn.)

what is train status of ulhasnagar to cst (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

ambernath to ghatkopsr trains runing h kya?? (sent from Vithalwadi)

9:04am @Thane, Kartat CSMT reached thane at 9:29am (sent from Thane Stn.)

Tomorrow tain no 11026 Kalyan halt hai kya? (sent from Vithalwadi)

status frm mulund to dombivali?

what about abernath station train chalu his Kay 

Ulhasnagar to cst train chalu hai kya?  (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

anyone titwala? (sent from Titwala Stn.)

How is train running situation from ghatkopar to kalyan? (sent from Andheri)

are thane CST trains working ? (sent from Rabale)

where is dadar taine Ambernath 8.54 (sent from Ambernath Stn.)

mumbai to karjat fast train? 

are trains working from asangoan to kalyan?

kurla to thane trains are working?? (sent from Koparkhairne)

Ghat Kopar to Diva ??????? (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)

what is the update between Thane to Ambernath...plz tell

are fast trains on thane on time?? (sent from Thane Stn.)

central line chalu hai kya ?  (sent from Kurla Stn.)

what's app on this (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

cst to thane are working ? (sent from Churchgate)

Kurla Byculla? (sent from Juinagar Stn.)

what is status of train from kalwa to dadar

Badlapur to Ghatkopar? (sent from Dahisar)

train status from thane towards Kalyan? (sent from Kalva Stn.)

is any train is there from Kalyan to ambernath (sent from Kalyan)

hi what's the status of train is it running from mumbra to cst

cental railway trains running ?

what is status between kalyan & CSMT up & down locals

where is asangoan train? (sent from Shahad Stn.)

shame on those educated illiterate people who is asking (sent from Thakurli Stn.)

he pranav trains on time for cstm? (sent from Badlapur)

You should ask the same on Western Line Train Chat as you're in Jogeshwari (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

are trains running on central line?? or totally stopped (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

To board train from Dadar at 2145 with luggage and family, what time will be less crowd in local from CSMT

status from diva to cst ?????

r trains running on Time?

Kurla La Paryntch Train Chalu Hai Kya?  (sent from Mulund)

hello... is there any problem between vidyavihar kurla on slow tracks?

10.50 semi fast from CST on time? (sent from Dadar Stn.)

train chal rahi he kya??? dombivali to Cst?  (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)

are you sure school s and college s are having holiday in suburbs???? (sent from Thakurli Stn.)

trains are crowded or not?? towards kalyan

any update about central line thane to ulhas... they r time or late ? (sent from Shahad)

badlapur to cst???? (sent from Thane Stn.)

where reached this train now 

is there some problem between Parel and Dadar  (sent from Kopar)

dadar kalyan 15 car running?? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

are train running towards cst????

what about Ambernath to Csmt 7:17 (sent from Ambernath)

?

एक्सप्रेस गाडी बंद आहे का आज..? (sent from Kings Circle Stn.)

Hyderabad local train is there or not

5:32 ki kasara on time hai kya???  (sent from Juinagar Stn.)

friends what's the status wit been thane dadar please update

9.48 cst fast train status??  (sent from Badlapur Stn.)

is Vashi to Thane working? (sent from Vashi Stn.)

now where is train.. (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

Dombivali to Kasara train status?  (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

are trains running from thane to vikhroli?

Train to kalyan running or not

karjat kalyan chalu aahe ka ?

what's about Khoperkhairne to thane any updates  (sent from Koparkhairne Stn.)

thanks but when it departed from cst (sent from Kalva)

trains are running on time?? (sent from Ghatkopar)

what is kasara train status...(sent from kurla station)  (sent from Chunabhatti)

from when? (sent from Thakurli)

train status from ghatkopar to cst? (sent from Chembur)

are trains running between vithalwadi to dombivali??? (sent from Vithalwadi)

??? (sent from Cst Stn.)

are train running to Karjat from Byculla ? (sent from Byculla Stn.)

what are the status of train from badlapur to cst?  (sent from Badlapur)

is there any karjat going train from kalyan now (sent from Badlapur)

is train moving from Ambernath to cst or not

is there any issues with central line ?

are trains in central line working? (sent from Santa Cruz Stn.)

what about Badlapur  (sent from Badlapur)

thane to cst route is ok?? (sent from Thane)

there is any train problem? (sent from Kalyan)

local on time na?? (sent from Ambivli Stn.)

what status of Karjat/khopoli Train ? (sent from Badlapur)

I just came to know that trains are not running ahead from thane ??  (sent from Thane)

status of trains from CST down ? (sent from Cst Stn.)

central trains are on time? (sent from Santa Cruz)

where is khopoli??  (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

is there any delay in train (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)

titwala side train r on time????

 where is 8.09 slow..??? slow form klyn (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

deradun tren bilimora to godhara  how macha manay

written for night shift ppl?  (sent from Mulund Stn.)

is dadar working well??

Kasara to cst trains ka kya status he? time pe he kya? 

trns r on time ?? for cst (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)

why are cst slow locals so delayed  (sent from Sion Stn.)

ambernath to Ghatkopar trains r running??

indrayani mumbai -pune is running on time?

what happened on slow line of kalyan (sent from Kurla Stn.)

dmbli which stuckedat bhandup started now (sent from Nahur Stn.)

any trains available from Byculla to ghatkopar?  (sent from Byculla)

what about fast trains ?? (sent from Kalva)

titwalyala train satuas??

what is the status of kasara train (sent from Masjid Stn.)

pls let me know when 6:40 Kalyan semi fast local status  (sent from Elphinstone Road Stn.)

kurla to mulund? (sent from Vidyavihar)

friends what is the situation of trains from ghatkopar to csmt (sent from Ghatkopar)

kalva to Dadar running?? (sent from Kalva Stn.)

why this 10:00 am thane train is not wrking, it is stopped just b4 thane (sent from Thane Stn.)

what is the prob (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

what about the status of thane to cstm trains???

ghatkopar to nalasopara koi train hai kya????

where is cst khopoli local? (sent from Karjat Stn.)

train r running from kalyan to Dadar?  (sent from Dombivli)

Are trains from kalyan to thane working? (sent from Kalyan)

Badlapur to thane local start h kya?

whats the status on badlapur station? (sent from Dombivli)

any effect of Maharashtra bundh on central raway? (sent from Churchgate)

what happened at Vidya Vihar station (sent from Sion Stn.)

thane to badlapur train chalu hai ?

Bus? Rikshaw? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

I wanna go to Badlapur.... are the trains regular?  (sent from Bandra)

is there any prblm in thane side??? (sent from Panvel Stn.)

badlapur thane train kidhar pahochi he ? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

is train going to thakurli?

what is the Status of Central line???  (sent from Vikhroli)

who said... (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

Where is asangaon train

what is status of 15 dabba Kalyan train (sent from Dadar Stn.)

what is the train status in TiTwaLa

trains time par hai kya...???? (sent from Badlapur Stn.)

kal train band hai kya???

Thane Vashi train chalu hai kya? (sent from Thane)

Ghatkopar to DADAR train smoothly running? (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

condition at Kurla station? (sent from Mulund)

डोंबिवली मधून ट्रेन ची काय स्थिती आहे ?

ghatkoper to dombivali what is status??? (sent from Ghatkopar)

kasara train are running???  (sent from Vashi Stn.)

thane to Badlapur train chalu h kya? (sent from Mulund Stn.)

what is status of train from dombivali to cst?? (sent from Dombivli)

any CST slow train arriving Kalyan? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

is it still raining heavily in parel and nearby areas ? (sent from Kalyan)

can any one give the update for harbour line? (sent from Mumbra)

train travelling to ambernath or not

has 8:11 left badlapur?  (sent from Badlapur Stn.)

cst se any train running towards thane? (sent from Churchgate)

what is status from thane to Badlapur (sent from Ghansoli Stn.)

Ambernath se cst trains chalu hai kya?

what is status of line running towards Asangaon / Kasara

mumbra to bhandup? plz tell the updates

central line? (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)

what's is the status of Mumbra to Cst train??? 

what's the status of the trains from ulhasnagar towards CST? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

what is the status of train fron Dombivali to cstm (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

is it raining heavily in thane? (sent from Virar)

what is the status between thane and vashi (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)

what is the train status between CST to Kalyan

are central trains working?

yaaar Kal bhi problem aaj bhi problem! wtf is going on? (sent from Mulund Stn.)

tell me when u ll cross thane ... and will be heading kalyan

how is train situation? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

Central line chalu ahe ka? 

is central. line working on time?  (sent from Turbhe)

are fast train on time ? (sent from Mulund Stn.)

where is the kasara train  (sent from Titwala Stn.)

is this right ?  (sent from Goregaon)

ghatkopar to cst station is working?  (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

train status? (sent from Thane)

are trains on time from Badlapur ?? (sent from Badlapur)

what about kalyan to dadar  trains

what about titwala to cst trains 

is the tracks fill with water in central line? (sent from Mulund Stn.)

central line ki train jaada late chal rahi hai kya.  ?....?

are the trains running?

what about dadar to csmt (sent from Vadala Road)

khatkooper se CST train going ?

where is 10. 07 karjat train from thane (sent from Thane Stn.)

train status from Sion to Dadar? (sent from Sion Stn.)

is this train working fine between Dombivali to Ghatkopar ?? (sent from Dombivli)

Kalyan see train karjat side jare Kya? (sent from Kopar Stn.)

whats a problem ??

Train from kurla to dadar running? (sent from Mankhurd)

kasara Semifast kidhar hai abhi?

what is the status of Kalyan dadar trains (sent from Vidyavihar)

train are running??from Karjat to csmt

its 6:20 dude how 8:10 will it run  (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

thane to badlapur chalu ahe ka? (sent from Mira Road Stn.)

what is status of local train status thane to kalyan (sent from Mumbra)

What's the scene at ghatkopar (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

Kurla to dombiwali, how is train running? (sent from Tilak Nagar Stn.)

what is the status of central line Badlapur to cst traim (sent from Badlapur)

is train running in between thane to kalyan? (sent from Nerul)

Is there water logging in or near kanjur station? 

are the central line are working?  (sent from Marine Lines Stn.)

has anyone crossed sion? (sent from Dombivli)

I started from Mulund and alls well so far. no train stoppages have happened. its reaching ghatkopar. Where theres a will, theres a way !!! people trying to find an excuse mot to get onto work, please take your decisions and dont spread rumours :)  (sent from Bhandup Stn.)

Are slow trains starting from Thane running or cancelled? (sent from Airoli Stn.)

Trains are running from Kalyan or not..?

what is the status from Chembur to kurla (sent from Chembur)

are Thane trains working?? (sent from Chembur Stn.)

cst to thank train chalu hai Kya ?

diva vasai train chalu he? 

go to harbour line chat

please update anyone??? (sent from Panvel Stn.)

what about trains between Kalyan to Thane???

what is the status now from ambernath

Anywone who wants to travel towards Kasara, please do not leave. Trains are cancelled. (sent from Titwala)

kal train chalu he kya?? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

what is status for sion (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

Kalyan to karjat ?

What About Thane. Train Are Working Or Not ?

what is status of kalyan badlapur

kasara trains??? (sent from Mulund)

what is stasud for badlapur fast train (sent from Dadar Stn.)

what about kurla to dadar? (sent from Kurla)

what about tomorrow train status???

current status of trains? (sent from Chunabhatti)

what Happen....? (sent from Nahur Stn.)

r u on mumbra stn  ??

what happen please share if announcing in kalwa station  (sent from Thane)

tum kyo bhok Rahi ho? mere Bhai ne bataya kisi are gaire ne nahi. bhak (sent from Thakurli)

are all trains running?  (sent from Vithalwadi)

thane to vashi....???? (sent from Nahur Stn.)

8.32 Asangoan train in mulund timle or not

vikhroli se karjat trains chalu hai kya? (sent from Vikhroli)

Are locals from Thane are running? (sent from Nahur)

what's status of  train

asangson se kasara .kya status h?

abhi nikali Kya ? (sent from Mulund)

kurla to Thane train chalu chhe? (sent from Kurla)

are western trains working? (sent from Govandi)

trains are running or not

kasara train status?  (sent from Shahad)

what's the status pf train from ghatkopar to thane

kasara? (sent from Vasind Stn.)

ठाणे ते बदलापूर ट्रेन सद्यस्थिती काय आहे..?? (sent from Rabale)

what's the problem in central line? Thane train stuck at Bhandup 4 more than 25 minutes (sent from Bhandup Stn.)

what ie the problem at shahad railway station. we found there is one mail still at station since last 15 min. Is there any issue at central line (sent from Shahad Stn.)

what is the status of 8:18 CST Thane local? cancelled or running? (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)

what is the train status from thane to cst (sent from Thane)

is train running?

aaj mega block hai kya? to Dombivli from Ghatkopa

what about badlapur trains

trains are running on time ?

Is this chat box blocked? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

thane to Dadar train status?????

6.30 thane fast... what is the status (sent from Kurla Stn.)

what is the status of harbour line??? (sent from Vithalwadi)

Mulund to Ghatkopar chalu hai? (sent from Mulund)

Please update if anyone at kalyan stn ..... what is current status of trains (sent from Kalyan)

are trains working till parel?

what is the status  (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

waiting on turbhe from 1/2 hrs it is stopped??? (sent from Turbhe Stn.)

are Ambernath trains running? (sent from Ghansoli Stn.)

dadar to kalyan train chalu hai ki nai? (sent from Dadar Stn.)

what is train situation from kalu yo badlapur (sent from Bandra)

trains from thane to badlapur?? (sent from Sanpada Stn.)

train kab nikli? (sent from Sion Stn.)

wht is the position of kasara side train? 

is there a Mega block today? 

What is the position of 8. 36 cst train...  sent from kalyan (sent from Kalyan)

what happen train is to late (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

what is the problem (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

train status? (sent from Kalva Stn.)

what happened . badlapur train stopped at kalava station (sent from Kalva Stn.)

ambernath to Thane , are trains working? 

R the trains running on time ?? (sent from Airoli)

Ghatkopar se Dombivali train chalri hain kya? (sent from Ghatkopar)

 at Ghatkopar....CST fast thane pahochi kya? (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

Train aaj let he Kya? (sent from Vikhroli)

what is the status of train from kurla to dadar (sent from Vithalwadi)

pune mumbai trains r running?

7:40 ambernath.??  (sent from Dadar Stn.)

what's the status from dombivli to thane???

what's the problem between ghatkoper and mulund? (sent from Vikhroli)

why are trains this late (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

what is statis of thane to cst Train

why is it that technical issues happen only during peak hours?

any slow CST train arriving Kalyan?? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

trains r on time?

Thane to Ambernath chalu hai???

Trains r running from dadar to kalyan?? (sent from Andheri Stn.)

is it train stopping at Vidya Vihar? (sent from Vidyavihar Stn.)

are trains operating from Thane to kasara? (sent from Mulund)

any fst train is moving towards Thane..?? (sent from Kalva Stn.)

really? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

Why are the slow trains near Kurla not moving? (sent from Kurla)

are trains working ??aheaf ghatkopr (sent from Kurla)

is the train working from bandra to Andheri (sent from Bandra)

what is status cst to kalyan

how much time late train from Cstm?  (sent from Cst Stn.)

trains running?? 

what about harbour line ? (sent from Sandhurst Road Stn.)

kasara local trains chal rahe hai ki nahi.???

what is the status between thane to kalyan?

what is d status of kalyn to asagaon trains?? r dey running??

what's the status of water in Kurla??

 (sent from Mulund Stn.)

but what happn (sent from Rabale Stn.)

kurla se kalyan Jane k liye train Chalo hai kya? 

any update on trains? (sent from Mulund)

     is there any problem to travel for cst

wats d train status??? (sent from Thane Stn.)

Ghatkopar to Cst trains working?  (sent from Ghatkopar)

kurla to dadar any update? (sent from Govandi Stn.)

Ghatkopar to Kasara train are running regularly ? (sent from Vikhroli)

What about Dadar to kurla? (sent from Nalla Sopara Stn.)

can anyone update for current situation from mumbra to vidya vihar?

kurla to vidyavihar chalu hai kya?? (sent from Juinagar Stn.)

thane se ambernath ki train time pr hai??  (sent from Thane Stn.)

is technical issue resolved?? are slow trains working normal??? (sent from Elphinstone Road Stn.)

Kya hua? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

at Mulund station... what is train status (sent from Mulund Stn.)

hey today panvel train?

train are late or not??? 

Kalyan to Thane? (sent from Kurla Stn.)

what is train status from mulund to dadar? or csmt?  (sent from Mulund Stn.)

what about trains from ambivali to thane

kalyan se koi train cst k liye nikali hai kya?? (sent from Thakurli)

can anyone say if 11.18 thane train from mulund goes to karshej??? (repair and maintenance) (sent from Mulund Stn.)

hello all is central locals are on time?

what is the status of Kalyan to cst trains... (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)

train chalu aahe kki nahi  ? 

how are central line working from thakutli to upside  (sent from Thakurli Stn.)

Which titwala Fast (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

anyone see my man Jesus? (sent from Mulund Stn.)

karjat..?

is 12:46 on time?? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

what about central (sent from Kalva Stn.)

nerul to thane?? (sent from Nerul Stn.)

is there any train to badlapur or karjat (sent from Thane Stn.)

What is overall cr status

late hai ki on time chal re hai bhai? (sent from Ghatkopar)

bro what about mumbra station 

Train velet ahet ka ??? (sent from Mankhurd Stn.)

is there any train from Thane  To Dader. (sent from Ghansoli Stn.)

central line chalu hai Kya? (sent from Cotton Green)

kalyan to kasara trains are running? 

what is Karjat - CSTM status ... ? (sent from Neral Stn.)

????? (sent from Shahad)

what is the status of thane to ghatkoper (sent from Koparkhairne)

Dadar to Vikhroli running on time? 

can any one please suggest, Kopar - Vasai shuttle working on Sunday?please reply (sent from Nalla Sopara)

mulund se koi train h down side?? (sent from Mumbra Stn.)

Kanjurmarg se thane train chal rhi hai Kya?

train are proper running? (sent from Dombivli)

Trains from byculla to sion?  (sent from Lower Parel)

 fast trains working?

every Sunday central railway takes schedule down time so called mega block. is there any authority who will provide report on work done during that period? (sent from Kalva)

 is central line train running ?

aaj Central line me Mega Block hai kya ??? (sent from Dombivli)

what the problem with central trains.... it is not raining also then too the trains are late (sent from Thane Stn.)

what is the status of trains 

badlapur me train late hai kya? (sent from Badlapur)

any delay in trains till thane? (sent from Dockyard Road Stn.)

locals running?

...?? (sent from Thane)

Badalapur to CST train status?? (sent from Badlapur)

what about badlapur to thane (sent from Badlapur Stn.)

mohit...what happen in thane (sent from Ambernath)

any train for PUNE??? (sent from Thane Stn.)

trains?  (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

trains are in time guys? (sent from Dombivli)

thane to kalyan train running ?? (sent from Airoli)

are there any trains stuck at Sion or matunga ? (sent from Elphinstone Road)

any issue nr kalyan stn? 

central line chalu h kiya sir? (sent from Mira Road)

what about dadar matunga (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

what about khopoli cstm fast  (sent from Badlapur Stn.)

kalyan to CST any fast train ? 

trains running on time or not?

kalyan to cst train??

are trains running better now? between Ghatkopar and Thane? (sent from Thane)

Kasara local is running? please advise (sent from Nahur)

At thane, are still trains running? ki public ne rok rakha hai? any idea?  (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)

9.56 slow from kalyan where is it..?? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

yes what is train comdition  at badlapir station is it on time or not (sent from Badlapur)

wat about train?

what the status of Thane to Ambarnath

thane to titwala chalu aahe kaa?? 

what is the status badlapur cst 9.18 at dadar

kasara?? from kalyan chalu h kya (sent from Shahad Stn.)

Thane train kidhar hai? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

are central line trns Ok? (sent from Shahad)

Cst to Karjat trains are running on time? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

is any one at Thane station.plz update

is trains running on time from dombivali to dadar?  (sent from Dombivli)

does anyone inform me train status between Ambernath to Thane?? (sent from Ambernath)

Dadar to Bhandup moving? (sent from Mahim Jn Stn.)

karjat train chalu h kya ? thane se (sent from Koparkhairne)

any idea where is ambarnath train (sent from Gtb Nagar Stn.)

why don't u ppl read previous messages instead of asking same question again and again..bloody spammers

what's status from Thane to Kalyan (sent from Juinagar)

what is status of train from cst (sent from Churchgate)

trains status at parel ??? (sent from Gtb Nagar Stn.)

Kalyan to dadar?

sion to dadar local chalu he ?

अंबरनाथ ते ठाणे लोकल चालू आहेत का ?(sent from ambarnath) (sent from Ambernath)

thane to cst train chalu hai kya time pe?

is trains on time from thane towards Kalyan..? (sent from Ghansoli)

badlapur- thane???? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

....???? (sent from Dombivli)

what time you left from cstm (sent from Kurla)

mulund station??? (sent from Nahur)

are trains late..? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

 tairns are running toward asangaon or not??? (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)

train late ???? (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

ghatkopar Andheri is there any water logging? (sent from Badlapur)

what Status of kalwa ?

CST ambarnath train running ? (sent from Gtb Nagar)

what is the status of dadar to badlapur  (sent from Chunabhatti)

kurla to cst....... what is d status (sent from Kurla)

from cst 9:18 titwala sf where exactly reached?? (sent from Kurla Stn.)

dadar may barish hai kay????? (sent from Vidyavihar)

badalpur train status plss???

What is current status of trains?

trains r finely running?? (sent from Badlapur)

Belapur to kurla train status? (sent from Sandhurst Road Stn.)

any idea about colleges working today? (sent from Badlapur)

where is KHOPOLI train 

Vashi to thane are running or not..?

? (sent from Tilak Nagar Stn.)

kurla च्या पुढे सेंट्रल लाइन वर गाड्या चालू आहेत का? प्लीज अपडेट... 

what is status for central local

??? plz aomebody give update

hello, pls update thane to cst train on time ? (sent from Rabale Stn.)

दादर ते डोंबिवली ट्रेन चालू आहेत का.? (sent from Kurla)

where is 8_53 bdl csmt slow trn (sent from Badlapur Stn.)

thane to cst train working or not? 

will i get space to sit in any train today?  (sent from Thane)

guys Trains are on time towards cstm?? (sent from Rabale Stn.)

status for badlapur??

what is the status about fast train towards Kalyan (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)

Today it's a bandh called by Maratha groups in Maharashtra, just heard about it. is it true? (sent from Badlapur)

what about ghatkopr to thane (sent from Vidyavihar)

are trains running from karjat?

Central line me kalyan k liye train chal rahi hai kya mitron??? please inform  (sent from Churchgate Stn.)

what abt trains from vashi to koperkhairne? (sent from Sandhurst Road Stn.)

what is the status of dadar to badlapur  (sent from Chunabhatti)

kalyan to badlapur trains resumed or not? (sent from Kurla Stn.)

what is the status of 8:22 Khopoli fast local from Dombivli? (sent from Thakurli Stn.)

What is the status of train from Thakurli  (sent from Thakurli)

what is problem (sent from Mulund Stn.)

where is karjat cst fast local  (sent from Kurla Stn.)

is 6:50 karjat from cst is running on time ?

thane to amb status?

trains ae running?

are locals on time from thane to vikhroli ? (sent from Airoli Stn.)

kalyan train status? (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)

kasara line is on? 

byculla to dombivli status? (sent from Mahalakshmi)

is there any problem with central line

What is position of local between asngoan and kalyan

where ia 6.18 train  (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

6.43 da dadar kalyan is running or cancelled??

trains for kalyan are running in time ? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

status of trains in central line?  (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)

are cstm sathi train chalu ahet ka?  sanga   (sent from Thane)

whats about status at dombivli??

current situation...? (sent from Bhandup)

thane station ke bahr mamledar misal chaalu hai kya ? (sent from Govandi)

Thane to Dadar trains working?

what is the status of train? (sent from Bandra)

Sion??

are me ghar par hu mujhe thane Jana jau ki nahi ? (sent from Badlapur)

hi all are trains running fine..from Dombivali towards CST?

are trains from dadar to kurla running?? (sent from Kandivali)

any update regarding badlapur to cst?? (sent from Badlapur)

Dadar to kalyan trains are on time or late??  (sent from Vithalwadi)

is there any train available for titwala (sent from Bhandup Stn.)

is there water logging anywhere (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

khopoli train? (sent from Dadar Stn.)

are trains working? (sent from Thakurli)

1135 from Ambernath abhi kidhar hai? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

are trains running late Today? 

what is the situation fron cst to thane? is it working? (sent from Mulund)

what is the status after dadar

  badlapur trains r on time or late?

trains are running fine from thane?  (sent from Thakurli)

where is kalyan 1;58 any one have any idea (sent from Sion Stn.)

if anyone at ghakopr pl tell what is the status of 9.25 karjat train?

water logging outside dadar stn? 

dadar to dombivli? please update (sent from Sewri Stn.)

is it raining heavily in Kanjurmarg also??   

is there any train delay from asangaon

Dadar to kalyan running or not 

thane to Dombivli train running???

12:53 ki kaha hai ab? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

what is the situations of trains from thane to Badlapur ..  On time or delayed ? if delayed  then how much time ?

where is badlapur fast (sent from Dadar Stn.)

any water logging at Sion?  (sent from Malad)

? (sent from Thane Stn.)

karjat train konse stn per hai?? plss koie bata sakta hai? (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)

u r rite.but other who are getting reservation will get for same.??? i dont thk they agree.

are trains late from Thane to cst? (sent from Thane Stn.)

Trains from Vidhyavihaar to Parel ? (sent from Vidyavihar)

are train on time ?

are trains running on Central?  (sent from Thakurli)

how to late in badlapur csmt train

trains time pr chal rhi hai kya...??

How the train working 

what about slow train from cst (sent from Elphinstone Road Stn.)

what is the status from thane to Kalyan train slow or fast ? (sent from Airoli Stn.)

train status from thane to karjat side?? (sent from Thane Stn.)

Is there any delay in central line from Dadar to Dombivli

what is the status of cost trin

kurla to thane trains ka kya status hai?? (sent from Kurla)

what is status from cst to kalyan train  (sent from Churchgate)

what the status for central line 

what is status for going to badlapur (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

ambernath se train chai hue Kya? (sent from Ambernath)

please reply???? 

trains are running or not ?

are trains running ?  (sent from Thane Stn.)

Haan bhai bilkul sahi bol Raha hai, hello fraands chai peelo is good right? (sent from Gtb Nagar Stn.)

vashi to thane? (sent from Koparkhairne)

what is the status of matunga station ?  (sent from Vikhroli)

are trains running on time? (sent from Badlapur)

Has this train arrived on Ghatkopar yet? (sent from Bhandup Stn.)

byculla to thane trains? (sent from Sandhurst Road Stn.)

train are start or not ? (sent from Juinagar)

where is cstm 11.20 kalyan  (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)

are fast trains working smoothly? slow trains are going slow and is stopping many times in between

where is Karjat local  (sent from Kopar)

Is 10:51 BL train from Ghatkopar on time or late? (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)

any problem between kalyan and titwala?? trains are not moving from last 10 mins. (sent from Ambivli Stn.)

 Train status from Dombivli to Thane is okay?  (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

my college is in vidhyavihar should I go? (sent from Nahur Stn.)

kalyan to CST?? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

1.34 cst slow?? (sent from Vidyavihar Stn.)

what is the status of Central line train????

why? (sent from Cst Stn.)

is kurla to thane train running?  (sent from Vashi Stn.)

kalyan to cstm fast at what time? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

what's the status for central line trains?  (sent from Nahur)

mulund to Dombivali?? (sent frm mulund) (sent from Kalva)

Dadar to Ghatkopar any trains now? been waiting for 25 mins now.

central train are working? 

what about thana to kurla? (sent from Koparkhairne Stn.)

Thane local ?? (sent from Thane Stn.)

what about thane train are running properly or not plz update  (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)

what is status train from bhadup to badlapur (sent from Bhandup)

are trains working???? (sent from Gtb Nagar)

Dombivli to thane status ? (sent from Dombivli)

Any problems at kalwa station level crossing? (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

 any update from Kalyan to CST train please??? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

train band hui? (sent from Badlapur)

train status from mulund to ambernath? (sent from Mulund Stn.)

about train which departed from neral by 12:17 why it is stuck in middle?

where is 8:54 khopoli from Badlapur any idea ?

any news on water blockages? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

train status? (sent from Kalyan)

trains working from vikhroli to CSMT ? (sent from Vikhroli)

kiti time jhale?

Karjat to dadar train are running???

anyone in for rum? (sent from Kalyan)

what is status diva south Africa train (sent from Badlapur)

Are trains going from cst to Thane?  (sent from Cst Stn.)

Kalyan se Ambernath ke liye Train start Hai? plz reply  (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

are they on time from kalyan?  (sent from Vithalwadi Stn.)

Kalyan titwala chya madhe Kahi problem ahe ka...??? (sent from Thane)

trains chalu hai Kya ? from kurla  (sent from Tilak Nagar Stn.)

train status?  (sent from Kurla Stn.)

tomarrow mega block...??? (sent from Kalva)

is 1.25 fast from shahad on time?  (sent from Vithalwadi)

train working from mulund to cst ?? (sent from Mulund Stn.)

what about kurla 

r  trains on time? (sent from Nilje)

Bhai any fast trains from kalyan.? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

thane se jana ka kya scene ha? (sent from Koparkhairne)

where is fast khopoli now? (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

is there train issue on down fast line (sent from Dadar Stn.)

Kalyan To Thane Train Status??? (sent from Kalyan)

wat is d status for asangaon to thane?

11.09 badlapur train status?? (sent from Thane)

train on time? 

from vasai to dhanu train chalu hai kya ????

??? (sent from Gtb Nagar)

any train arriving at dombivli for csmt? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

train are running on time ?  (sent from Dombivli)

8:31 Thane to Ambernath train status kya hai? (sent from Thane Stn.)

what is announcement (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

9.19 kab aanewali h?

aaj train chalu hai ki nai??

omg ..still it's on Thane? ..!!! (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

what's train status

traina from cst to badlapur?

kalyan to thane ?

any update about kalyan thane train?  (sent from Diva Jn)

than-vashi kya situation kya h? (sent from Kalyan)

where is 7.02pm fast local for kasara? (sent from Mulund Stn.)

why (sent from Nahur Stn.)

Dombivali to Thane train time pr hai? (sent from Diva Jn)

what is train status from thane to badalpur 

are train's from Dombivli to Ghatkopar running fine?

how to go 

is thane - badlapur train running?

what is the situation in sion ?

Kaha pahochi hai train?  (sent from Kopar Stn.)

trains running in Thane?  (sent from Grant Road)

kalyan train status? 

rain in Kalyan?? (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)

he is in pain, rotten smell is every where, all passengers are like suffocating due to bad odour (sent from Vidyavihar Stn.)

what c l train status (sent from Rabale)

No annoument from C R ??

what about Kurla? (sent from Shahad)

train status kya hai central ka,?? (sent from Gtb Nagar)

status from dombivli?? 

hi...what is train staus from kanjur

central lime slow trains are running. ? (sent from Vidyavihar)

trust there is no train delay by rain? 

trains are running properly?  (sent from Nahur)

WBU from dombivli? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

what is main problem between vithalwadi and kalyan  (sent from Vithalwadi Stn.)

all well in central? (sent from Vile Parle Stn.)

are poona Jane ke liye koi express hai kya? plz (sent from Virar)

kidhar pani nhi bhara hai na track may?

hi friends Boisar to virar train chalu h kya?? (sent from Boisar)

jio net slow hai ?

where is titwala train (sent from Titwala Stn.)

are fast trains running frm kalyan to cst ??

train working? central line? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

??? (sent from Vikhroli)

? 

central line status???? (sent from Ambernath Stn.)

train from kalyan running on time or not

kurla to dadar chalu hai Kya??

Kalyan k aage train chalu h kya??for vithalvadi  (sent from Govandi)

what about central (sent from Cst Stn.)

how much is the central line delayed (sent from Juinagar)

hi are trains working fine? (sent from Thakurli)

ambernath badlapur train chalu zalya Ka?  (sent from Turbhe)

whats the status of kurla local? (sent from Chinchpokli Stn.)

Kalyan to CST trains chalu he ???

what is status for Karjat trains

is there water block in kurla(sent from ambernath) (sent from Ambernath)

plz let me know status of train from asangaon to cst? (sent from Rabale)

Trains working b/w sion kurla?? (sent from Bhandup)

Belapur to Thane train on time or not?? (sent from Belapur Cbd)

is train from Ghatkopar to CST working?

status of the trains running from thane to CST?

down side trians are on time ?

can anyone let me know what's the situation of central locals.(sent from mulund). Nikhil Nille...

 what happened karjat

what is the current status? (sent from Vithalwadi)

any train left from csmt toward thane????  (sent from Sandhurst Road Stn.)

what is a status on Badlapur station? (sent from Badlapur Stn.)

what is the status of 9:45 CST train from karjat? (sent from Ambernath Stn.)

thane to CST trains are available ??

is train working? (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

about thane ? (sent from Shahad)

what abt rush (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)

dadar stn k bahar paani bhara haibkya? 

what happened  (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

kurla to dadar ?? (sent from Vashi Stn.)

what is train status from Badlapur to cst??

what is the status of of 9:47 dadar train ????  (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

kitna time late he train? (sent from Mulund Stn.)

trains running from thane???? 

Hey is thane to ghatkopar train is running on time?

titwala to cst train r running or not? (sent from Shahad Stn.)

are trains working from ghatkopar to dadar ? (sent from Ghatkopar)

are there any trains to ambernath, badlapur? (sent from Thakurli)

trains from bhand up? (sent from Nahur)

trains at mulund station??? (sent from Mulund Stn.)

dadar varun train ahet Ka towards Thane...? (sent from Bandra Stn.)

@Kalyan user. What is the status of Asangaon CSMT fast train 8:13 at kalyan (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

sion ke yaha track pr pani bhara hai kya?? (sent from Nerul)

where is karjat train?  (sent from Ambernath Stn.)

what about dombivli station?

what is the status of trains kurla to thane? (sent from Kurla Stn.)

what about trains towards Parel? (sent from Titwala Stn.)

 cstm to karjat trains are running? (sent from Elphinstone Road)

what is the status from ghatkoper to dadar (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)

why central line so late (sent from Nahur Stn.)

I want to reach chinchpokli.. is it good to travel today ??? (sent from Nerul Stn.)

towards cat? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

10.07 from kalyan is how much late (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

kanjurmarg to kalyan train chalu hai kya ?

hello... trains.. time p chal rhe h??? ghatkopar s badlapur (sent from Jogeshwari)

trains status today???? (sent from Badlapur Stn.)

Hi, are trains running on central line?  (sent from Vidyavihar)

is all trains are on time ?

what's the Kalyan to CST status? (sent from Kalyan)

towards Kalyan trains update? (sent from Govandi Stn.)

is there any water logging in sion and Matunga towards CSMT.

are trains running from Kalyan to cst? 

is train services is resume between kalyan and Karjat? (sent from Turbhe)

what about central down line ? (sent from Vikhroli)

are trains running on time? (sent from Mulund Stn.)

any update from byculla station? are trains running towards down line? (sent from Byculla)

Dadar to Dombivali chalu hai kya? (sent from Vadala Road Stn.)

local trains are on time? (sent from Koparkhairne)

wat is the status of central line?

train kab chalegaa ?? (sent from Nahur Stn.)

anybody can update from kurla ? whts d position

ambernath thane??

is 10.25 CSMT from Thane arrived? (sent from Ghansoli Stn.)

cst kurla train running ? (sent from Chunabhatti Stn.)

this feature had been released in the app but don't know why they discontinued... (sent from Masjid Stn.)

what's is the status of local trains from. dombiwali  (sent from Dombivli)

Is it raining heavly beyond thane?

trains r proper running or not?? (sent from Badlapur)

goregaon to cst status ? (sent from Malad)

what about karjat train of 1.33 from kurla  (sent from Kurla Stn.)

thane to karjat train chalu hai kya???? (sent from Thane Stn.)

badlapur train chalu hai? (sent from Khandeshwar)

is it safe to take train today due to bandh ?

shahad  to thane train chalu  hai ?? (sent from Vithalwadi)

How much time taking train for kurla to dadar

what's position between CST to Thane

is train running properly from ulhas? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

whether trains are running from kalyan to CST?

ambernath se kalyan trains active h kya..?

Kasara Asangaon train chalu ahe ka???? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

central rail suru aahe ka?? towards CST

डोंबिवली ते दादर ट्रेन चालू आहेत का??? (sent from Thakurli)

what happened at thane stn? (sent from Nahur)

both fast and slow late?? (sent from Airoli Stn.)

what's a problem  (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)

thane to cst kya status hai?? 

11:23 CSTM Fast from Kasara, is it on time? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

thane to cst running ?

guyz train in central line are active or not!!? (sent from Thane)

central line chalu hey Kya?  (sent from Cotton Green)

western line kal chalu hai?  (sent from Mumbra)

khopoli to csmt fast anybody knows where it is? (sent from Ambernath Stn.)

what is the status of fast and slow line? Issue on which track?

is neral to metheran route is running? 

train chalu h ? (sent from Mulund)

are trains from shahad running??  (sent from Vithalwadi)

what is status of central line

what's slow train issue? running very slow? (sent from Bhandup Stn.)

what's train status bhandup to kalyan (sent from Bhandup Stn.)

how any kalyan stn? (sent from Kalyan)

cst ke liye train time pe hai??? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

trains towards cst are working? (sent from Kanjur Marg)

what's present status of CR locals. I want to go to CSMT  from dombivli

which thane  train? (sent from Thane Stn.)

what is the charges of 1st class (vadala to Goregaon)  (sent from Goregaon Stn.)

where is karjat to cst fast 9.45 train  (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

thane to Kalyan status ? (sent from Koparkhairne Stn.)

what is the status of train from vitthal wadi towards dadar

trains are working ? (sent from Vidyavihar)

Matunga me pani bhara hai na?  (sent from Badlapur Stn.)

Kalyan to Kurla begins or not?

what is the status of train from kalyan to dadar plz  (sent from Vithalwadi)

ट्रेन वेळेवर आहेत का?

status towards cst? (sent from Vidyavihar Stn.)

Kalyan to Mulund status?? (sent from Kalyan)

train chalu ahet ka?

what is current status of train pls update

where is the badlapur- cst fast local

what is the position of between Sion to kurla (sent from Kalva Stn.)

what is the train status? (sent from Badlapur)

what is the status of central line train

why (sent from Bhandup Stn.)

kyu jali na ?  jab maharashtra me sab caste dusre aake rehte he..  n vo log ke minority colleges open ho rahe he.. toh sab tum log ka fayda kyu ? where should maratha go ?  (sent from Ghatkopar)

trains working? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

what is the status form Vikhroli to kalyan (sent from Vikhroli)

What, is train status today?  (sent from Badlapur)

 thane to ambernath ?? (sent from Ghansoli Stn.)

any one knows Badlapur thane local status where it is now (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

trains are on time from ulhasnagar?? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

anyone can help? what's the status

trains towards CSMT are on time ? (sent from Ghansoli)

how to go thane to dombivali (sent from Thane Stn.)

trains from Ambernath??

karjat to csmt train are going or not

how much late Kasara train is...??? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

are trains running from dombivli to thane?? (sent from Dombivli)

what's the status of train (sent from Turbhe)

train status from amb? (sent from Ambernath)

why trains are late today???

kanjur kurla is running?

what the status everybody is asking

central line chalu aahe kai? (sent from Dombivli)

Ghatkopar se Kurla train chal Raha hai Kiya ?

trian running let banjo bhaed  bakri ap insan nahi ho jo insan hai who officer hsi jo diced karta hain trian kitni let chalana hai 

where is khopoli train, kalyan station timing 5.35pm

what is the problem?

are trains running fine from CST?

Thane to dadar ? (sent from Airoli)

what is status of train from ghat kopar to Thane

trains are working on time?????  (sent from Nahur)

ambernath to cst ?

is there any problem? (sent from Dombivli)

what (sent from Ghatkopar)

trains are running fine? (sent from Badlapur)

any idea where asangaon local is?? 10.06 asangaon from thane (sent from Kanjur Marg)

train for thane from ambernath are available??

what is train status between diva to cst (sent from Diva Jn)

Panvel tak trains going from cst??  (sent from Cst Stn.)

are local trains running on time? (sent from Byculla Stn.)

are slow trains available on titwala station for cost?  (sent from Titwala)

trains are on time?

what about Kurla to curry road (sent from Govandi Stn.)

????

status of cstm to kalyan? (sent from Jogeshwari Stn.)

Is slow down train running late? (sent from Bhandup Stn.)

thane te badlapur train chalu aahet ka?

CST to thane? (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)

Are trains working ???? (sent from Dombivli)

ट्रेन चालू आहे का? (sent from Mulund)

train late? (sent from Sanpada Stn.)

dont knw actually what is the issue (sent from Mulund Stn.)

Ambernath to Ghatkopar train is running on time ?

?? (sent from Mulund)

Dadar to Thane?? (sent from Khar Road)

waterlogging sion Matunga mai hai kya? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

is there megablock in central

Kasara aise se train aa raha hai? 

are train working or not??  (sent from Mumbra Stn.)

dadar se kurla train chalu hai kya ??? (sent from Jogeshwari Stn.)

diva -vasai line running on time ?? (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)

Cst jane wali fast train kaha hai? Badlapur side ke trains kaha pahuchi?  (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

is central line on time?? (sent from Karjat)

any updates from Ulhasnagar railway? 

 central train delay? (sent from Vikhroli)

train update Dombivali? (sent from Kopar Stn.)

thane to Ghatkopar?  (sent from Rabale)

thane to Ghatkopar???? (sent from Koparkhairne)

what about Vidharbha express? Is it running on time? (sent from Dadar Stn.)

r trains r on time ?

 what is the train status from Badlapur to kalyan (sent from Vithalwadi)

hi Trains are running late?

Are trains running between Dombivli and Thane? (sent from Dombivli)

aney problam central line ? (sent from Cotton Green Stn.)

central locals running ok ??

what about thane to dombivali

Good morning all. What is the train situation today? (sent from Kalyan)

what is train status cstm to thane (sent from Churchgate Stn.)

what's the status of kalyan to karjat train (sent from Thane)

what's the status of rain ? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

if trains are working ... and taxi .. rikshaws are  closed.. how to reach office from station? (sent from Parel)

Dadar Station se CST train chal rahi he?  (sent from Vile Parle)

R trains running on time ? (sent from Kalyan)

are trains on  time?

western line is on??? (sent from Bhandup Stn.)

Kasara and asangaon train please update?

dadar to kalyan trains chalu aahet ka? (sent from Jogeshwari)

trains running? from thane to cst (sent from Thane)

are slow trains running from kalwa? (sent from Kalva)

is the trains are going to stop today (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)

guys trains thane to cst proper work kar rahi hai kya?

what is the issue at central line. Trains r running very very slow  (sent from Sanpada Stn.)

please tell exact location where train reached v?

what is status of train

? 

thane to cst train chalu ahe ka? (sent from Thane)

what is train position from Kalyan to Ghatkopar 

Hi is trains from Virar to Andheri is late? pls clarify

what  is the status of trains from byculla to thane? are trains late? and will the trains stop if it continues to rain the same? (sent from Byculla)

train running status ?

us train late? 

I really dont understand why people are pooping around regarding 'band' it affects comman man's daily bread n butter. neither companies will have any effect nor bosses. we are going to suffer then why this all poop! (sent from Mulund)

why is the status of badlapur train from dadar??? (sent from Nahur)

what is the status of dadar to kurla train (sent from Santa Cruz)

somebody tell me about situation on dadar to thane UP & DOWN way? (sent from Matunga Road)

when it can resume train for karjat?? from thane station

what's the status of down side train

what is the status of up trains from ambernath (sent from Ambernath)

any train available now from vithwadi for CST? (sent from Vithalwadi Stn.)

why don't railway do announcement in locals when there is issue. At least commuters will come to know a problem.. (sent from Kalva Stn.)

whats the status of train...are running proper? (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)

are trains on time from cst to dombivali route? (sent from Kings Circle)

dombivli se karjat k lie any updates?  (sent from Thakurli)

central line locals are working ?

is there any train in central line running Sandhurst road to Kurla...??  (sent from Sandhurst Road Stn.)

what is status for central railway from Mulund to dadar station (sent from Mulund)

down side janyasathi trains aahet ka vyavasthit? (sent from Vikhroli)

what is the reason of delaid  (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

titwala station ?  (sent from Titwala)

what is the condition from dombivali towards kurla? (sent from Dombivli)

its not raining in cst side.. only in suburbs. but I think in some time it ll rain there too.. and it is quiet a possibility that trains ll not run smoothly  (sent from Vithalwadi)

wat is the status of kasara 9:35 ??  (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

why always fast trains are been cancelled??  (sent from Mumbra Stn.)

is Amb to Thane trains on time?? (sent from Ambernath)

दादर ते सा एस टी ट्रेन चालू आहे काय? 

people who are travelling Pl update your status.. it will help all..lot of unnecessary comments being put

thane to kalyan train status please?

how trains are working on central line  (sent from Ghatkopar)

is there any infotmation about shahad to  cst train?? (sent from Shahad)

Kurla ka koi update?

is diva vasai..trains r running..? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

Trains banda aahet... Porgi bhetel ka??😂😂😂😂 (sent from Thane Stn.)

is 10.40 train on time ?? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

trains r in time? (sent from Badlapur)

CST train status from vasind? (sent from Vasind)

kurla kalyan status ??? (sent from Vidyavihar Stn.)

badlapur to cst status?

waht is the status at thane? (sent from Bhiwandi Road)

which cst train will be arriving at Matunga now?  (sent from Matunga Road Stn.)

   titwala train working ? (sent from Vithalwadi)

curry road to kalyan trains chalu hai kya?  (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)

how is the situation of trains going to cstm (sent from Thane)

Byculla to Badlapur is running? (sent from Masjid Stn.)

trains r running between Dadar & kalyan?

which side megablock Today

where is 9.37 Asangaon train from kanjurmarg reached? (sent from Nahur Stn.)

are trains late today...why (sent from Thane)

are trains on time? (sent from Thakurli Stn.)

trains running?thane-cst

How much late are the trains in central lines ? (sent from Mulund)

is there any issue between Ulhasnagar to Thane  (sent from Vithalwadi Stn.)

trains working or not after ghatkopar ??

how much (sent from Diva Jn)

means there will be no slow train? (sent from Cst Stn.)

wgetger trains are running from badlapur ?? (sent from Badlapur Stn.)

CST se thane Jane me train Thik hai Kya? (sent from Cst Stn.)

where is karjat local 2:20 is time in ulhasnagar  (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)

are trains on time? (sent from Thane)

central line working or not? (sent from Churchgate)

cst thane train chalu hai kay? 

Is there ia any delay from Karat to CST line? (sent from Badlapur)

klayan se down side k liye train chl raha hai kya?? (sent from Vithalwadi Stn.)

slow train from CST to Kalyan chalu ahe ka? (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)

Badlapur to thane? (sent from Badlapur)

what's the status for train from vadala to Andheri

trains are running from ulhasnagar? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

please reply diva se vasai jaane waala train kab pahochega diva? (sent from Bhiwandi Road)

6.43??😮

Mulund to thane train running or not ??? (sent from Mulund)

thane to CST train are running?? (sent from Thane)

what is status from thane to cst (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)

trains working from Kanjurmarg to Thane???

what is the situation of Central line

what about kalyan to Thane trains.pls inform

what happens  at thane  (sent from Sewri)

train r running?  (sent from Thakurli)

what is the status from thane to ambernath (sent from Ghansoli Stn.)

is there train from thane to cst (sent from Kalva Stn.)

??

any major issues??? (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

what is train status from badlapur to cst

are trains running between Kalyan to CSMT?

Are the trains delayed? how much

train status dadar to charchgate ? (sent from Shahad)

what about this

Train status from Ulhasnagar to CSMT ??  (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

I want to know all train running on schedule time or delay?? (sent from Vithalwadi)

Any water logging at Kurla station? (sent from Mulund)

what is the train status from Ambernath 

Asangaon train?  (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

Ghatkopar se thane ka kya haal hai?? trains chal rahi hai (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

is there any train from cstm (sent from Byculla Stn.)

is the train running from Kurla to CST central 

what is trains status (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)

took a 6:51 fast which came around 7:08...now crossed bhandup (sent from Kanjur Marg)

8.5 kalyan from thane ? any status (sent from Rabale Stn.)

where is 8:46 mulund fast train towards CST (sent from Mulund Stn.)

what about central line slow track (sent from Kalyan)

train from badlapur to thane working..?? (sent from badlapur) 

whats d problem of trains? (sent from Govandi)

Kalyan 15 coach train from CST is on time? (sent from Bandra Stn.)

what is the status at ....Kalwa, Thane, Mulund, Sion-Dadar ? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

thane k liye train chalu hai? (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

thane to dombivli train?? is it running?? (sent from Dombivli)

Traffic jam?? Idiots  (sent from Kalva Stn.)

All train r right time? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

are trains running smoothly from Kalyan towards CST???

Are trains running normally between Thane & Kalyan? (sent from Juinagar Stn.)

Slow trains towards Kalyan running around 10 minutes late, which is quite normal by Central Railway standards. (sent from Mulund Stn.)

which train is preferable. .slow train or fast train (sent from Thane Stn.)

is it raining heavily there? 

any idea about 7:59 Thana train?  (sent from Thane Stn.)

koi chances hai kya train band hone ke?

status towards cst can u plz give an update...?? (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)

where is khopoli train (sent from Lowjee Stn.)

central line is working?

what's the status of train from cst to badlapur (sent from Matunga Road)

Kalyan cstm locals on time??

cst to kalyan...what is the position? (sent from Cst)

trains barabar chalu h kya Ambernath se Mulund tak? (sent from Ambernath Stn.)

what is the situation of sion matunga (sent from Thane Stn.)

what is the status of Kalyan (sent from Kalyan)

Dombivali to Ghatkopar.. ?? train running?? pls update status friends..  (sent from Nilje)

what is the problem  (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

what is the slow trains 

what about thane to titwala working??

dombivli to ghatkopar train status? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

bhai koi batao dadar se ambarnaath k liye train chalu hekya?? (sent from Andheri)

why trains are late (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

what is the status of 10:20 कल्याण fast from ghatkoper (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

what's the status from Thane to ambernath? (sent from Thane Stn.)

train status ??

kalyan - karjat train chalu he kya? (sent from Kalva Stn.)

?? (sent from Masjid Stn.)

where is 1.06 Thane badlapur slow train right now? (sent from Thane Stn.)

nahur to dombivali status??  (sent from Nahur)

dadar to cst is train working?... please reply anyone 

sure? (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)

caught???? (sent from Bandra)

down side trains running?

any train left from Kalyan towards CST??? (sent from Thakurli Stn.)

thane to Dadar train are working or not ?

where are karjart train (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

Are train running on time from shahad station ?? (sent from Shahad)

Kalyan to cst trains are running or not

guys badlapur se train chalu hai kya anyone from badlapur?? (sent from Badlapur)

what about 7.48 Mulund halt train from karjat?

Dadar pasun trains chalu aahet ka ? (sent from Vadala Road Stn.)

badlapur to thane..?? (sent from Vangani Stn.)

train working Dombivli to Dadar? or not?

what's the train status (sent from Karjat)

domivali se CST train chalu h? (sent from Thakurli Stn.)

barish hai ? age ? thane.. sion...

diva to ghatkopar..? (sent from Nilje Stn.)

11.01 badlapur status ? (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)

Ham bhandupmain Hain. Yahase Local kab niklega? (sent from Bhandup Stn.)

Pls update ghatkpr to Dadar???? 

what is status of central railway local (sent from Matunga Road)

where is 5:27 pm fast CST local (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

what is the status at Sandhurst Road station (sent from Sandhurst Road Stn.)

train kitna late h?? (sent from Dombivli)

Some peoples are just enjoying this conversation they dont have to go anywhere just want to know what happening. Stop it Guys. (sent from Kalyan)

All is well ? (sent from Dombivli)

are trains from Thane to CST running on time? (sent from Kalva)

I got the train from Ambernath ...On 5:50..which is on time...I just reached to dadar now...which is 15 minutes late.. (sent from Dadar Stn.)

kurla to thane chalu ahe ka ? (sent from Chunabhatti)

Trains are proper?? (sent from Kalva)

is Trains are on time? (sent from Titwala Stn.)

what about Badlapur to Kalyan  (sent from Badlapur)

Vikhroli to Kalyan? (sent from Vikhroli)

from dombivli down trains are running or not? (sent from Dombivli)

what about diva vasai train?

kya accident???  hua (sent from Chembur Stn.)

train time pe hai ya nhi..??

status of CSMT 3:40 Kasara train ? (sent from Thane Stn.)

where is 8.31 Ambernath  (sent from Thane)

from Ghatkopar status ????? (sent from Jogeshwari)

how much time takes from kurla to dadar

slow train nahur cross Kiya kya?? ya Abhi b stuck?? (sent from Bhandup Stn.)

asangaon side trains running properly or not?? (sent from Asangaon)

are kalyan trains running on time or delayed ???????

train kitne late hai??

what is the status of 10:18 Khopoli local at Kurla?? (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

are fast trains from thane on time?? (sent from Thane Stn.)

mumbra to cst trains chal rai hai kya baraber??

kurla to cst fast kitna late h ?? (sent from Vashi)

how can i get mumbai train from tutwala

diva train chalu ahe ka? (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)

is there any problems beetween thane to panvel trains?  (sent from Khandeshwar)

trn jatayt ka dom vrun?  (sent from Dombivli)

Guys, Thane station se auto rickshaw chal raha hai ya nahi?  (sent from Kalva Stn.)

what about Kalyan to cst (sent from Vithalwadi)

train chalu hai? (sent from Santa Cruz)

dadar local 15 car?? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

where is 10:08 kalyan?  (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

Is thane train running on time ? (sent from Malad)

Ambernath to Kalyan???? (sent from Ambernath Stn.)

what about trains to CST? are they going late???  (sent from Vangani Stn.)

anyone at Thane station? thane to CST working?

is there megablock in central line today (sent from Thakurli)

train running for titwala? (sent from Kanjur Marg)

8.17 Dombivali kalyn fast return cst what the status (sent from Dombivli)

are trains running on diva-vasai route? (sent from Kalyan)

train status please?  (sent from Belapur Cbd Stn.)

what is status of trains from badlapur  (sent from Badlapur)

what is the status of karjat khopoli trains (sent from Khopoli)

how are trains from bhandup to dadar (sent from Kanjur Marg)

what is the status of trains from ghatkopar to kalyan

dadar to down lines are running or not ? pls help (sent from Vile Parle)

is everything ok after thane?  (sent from Mulund)

how do u know?

titwala se train chalu hai kya??

cebtral line traind from ambernath is it available on time or delayed or cancelled ? can anyone feedback on this ?

karjat to kalyan ??

status between thane &kurla? (sent from Kalva)

Kalyan to CST trans are running? (sent from Nilje)

What is status o f train in central

pls tell me badlapur status ?? (sent from Badlapur)

is central line on?

are trains work in ?

khopoli train status? (sent from Mulund Stn.)

diva vasai chalu ho gaya kya ?

thane to amb train chalu hai kya? (sent from Nerul Stn.)

are trains on time?

What about train status from kalyan 

are there trains from khopoli running on time? (sent from Khopoli)

Y trains are stop between vikhroli to ghatkopar?? (sent from Kurla)

how's the condition of trains from dombivali as I need to travel towards cst (sent from Kopar)

Central line is working or not??  (sent from Turbhe Stn.)

is it trains available from dombivali to kanjurmarg??

what is the status of central line? is train running (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)

how much delay , any idea?

10.37 Kalyan-csmt fast status?? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

any train towards Kalyan from CST? (sent from Vidyavihar Stn.)

Train status ? (sent from Badlapur)

Are trains running properly from CST?  (sent from Cst)

status?? (sent from Gtb Nagar)

can we travel from Dombivali to Vidhyavihar how is the situation (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

sion position?? (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)

kya mei collg jaaa sakta hu thane to vidyavihar? (sent from Thane Stn.)

what is the train status from badlapur (sent from Badlapur Stn.)

any slow CST train arriving at Kalyan? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

train status??? (sent from Dombivli)

डोंबिवलीहून बदलापूर/कर्जतच्या दिशेने गाड्यांची स्थिती काय आहे? या लाईनवर काही समस्या आहेत काय? (sent from Badlapur)

titwala se train??? please  (sent from Titwala Stn.)

khopoli local status? (sent from Badlapur Stn.)

is there any issue towards dadar trains??

how many train late (sent from Andheri)

updates on ambernath to cst ?? 

where 

kalyan cstm trains are working???? (sent from Manasarovar)

what about train kalyan to cstm (sent from Dativali)

Thane to Vikhroli?

what is the status of up Ambernath to thane trains? are they running (sent from Ambernath)

 is train running on this route??? And do you know if there's availability of AUTO ?? Or I should go for Thane

what's the status of trains from Bandra to karjat (sent from Khar Road)

koi train nai hai idar ?? (sent from Vidyavihar Stn.)

how situation to diva (sent from Ghansoli)

thane to vashi status? (sent from Shahad)

CST to Thane train running? (sent from Cst Stn.)

thane to Badlapur trains are running? (sent from Vashi Stn.)

train kiti late aahet?? (sent from Dombivli)

is the train on time from badlapur

central railway on time hai kya? (sent from Cst Stn.)

what is the frequency?  (sent from Dombivli)

where is a train (sent from Byculla Stn.)

सि ए टी ते कल्याण ट्रेन चालू आहे का ? (sent from Dockyard Road)

is there any train from Thane to Cst (sent from Thane Stn.)

trains are working ? (sent from Churchgate)

what about bandra train (sent from Cotton Green Stn.)

what is diva to CST train status anybody idea ??! (sent from Diva Jn)

where is the 12.30 fast train? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

please update on central line train running status to and fro thane? (sent from Mulund)

are trains working between Thane and kanjur???? (sent from Kalva)

mulund to Ambernath ?? status (sent from Mulund Stn.)

is kurla to thane down working tine?  (sent from Panvel)

mumbra to thane any updates? (sent from Mumbra)

what is the status of trains from csmt to thane (sent from Churchgate)

badlapur se chalu hai CST? (sent from Badlapur Stn.)

Kalyan to thane how much time delayed running  (sent from Vithalwadi)

कल्याण ते पुणे ट्रेन चालू आहेत का ?

what is the train status 

why are trains not running towards Kalyan? any idea? (sent from Nahur Stn.)

what is current status  towards badlapur

8:10 wali kya? (sent from Titwala Stn.)

How much delay is there for CSMT bound local trains ?  (sent from Sanpada Stn.)

Trains are not on time??

is train towards csmt late?? (sent from Kurla Stn.)

is the 10.37 karjat cstm fast on time at Kalyan  (sent from Thane Stn.)

is there any issue on central railway slow track? (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)

are locals functioning OK? 

what happened? (sent from Dombivli)

kasara to kalyan trains chalu hai kya? 

trains r latee? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

what's the current status of up trains from Kalyan ?

what about tomorrow train status

train is running between the kalyan and karjat? (sent from Jogeshwari)

are central lines working?? (sent from Kandivali)

what about trains running towards KASARA

are trains running between mulund to asangoan? (sent from Mulund)

anyone at Kalyan station? (sent from Thakurli)

what is status of Dombivali (sent from Bhandup)

what about ambernath to CST trains (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

is travelling from dombivali to mulund safe right now? (sent from Mulund Stn.)

what about central raliway (sent from Bandra)

is there water logging in kalyan? (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)

what is current status

9th July, are morning trains running on time?  (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

what is the prblm between Ambivli and shahad.....? (sent from Vasind)

stauts of trains from Ghatkopar to ambernath??? 

central line shuru hai kya? (sent from Koparkhairne Stn.)

trains are on tym from thane to badlapur? (sent from Airoli Stn.)

mumbra to dombivli working??

Dombivali se Dadar track pe Paani bharaa h Kya ?

train are running or not

kurla to kalyan ? (sent from Kurla Stn.)

where is 5:58 kalyan train (sent from Thane)

whats the position of the train? (sent from Badlapur Stn.)

what is the condition at Dombivli Railway Station? 

what about after mulund till thane ?

What is status of train in vitilvadi

guy's what happened at kurla station 

Kanjurmarg see train jaa Rahi hai towards Dadar?? (sent from Kanjur Marg)

Sach me kya?????  (sent from Ambernath)

train status? (sent from Vidyavihar)

aata thanya la pochat aahe (sent from Mulund)

thane to ville parle ?

wht abut trains from Thane to kalyan? (sent from Thane)

What status of central line (sent from Kopar)

why 1:50 CST late today from thane, where it reached now..??? (sent from Thane Stn.)

Are trains working from badlapur to thane ? (sent from Badlapur)

what's the status

Thane to ghatkopar slow train?

kalyan to kasara  train status ? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

trains are working on time?? (sent from Kalyan)

What abt ambernath and badlapur trains?? (sent from Ghatkopar)

kasara to kalyan chalu hai kya?

what about thane station is there coming trains on time or what

What is central line status? (sent from Grant Road)

thane to kalyan train running ?? (sent from Airoli)

Kalyan ka Kya status haai?

is there trains are running proper from vangani and badlapur station (sent from Shahad Stn.)

CSMT down trains are running? (sent from Churchgate)

Track issue which has not been resolved and trains are getting late  (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)

Pubg aara kya Sonu? 

bhandup to thane?  (sent from Bhandup)

kalva mai kal jaisa hi paani bhara hy kya ???  (sent from Kalva)

central line train are running on time from Ghatkopar to thane ???

train status?  (sent from Vikhroli)

Is train working from Dombivli? (sent from Thakurli)

are trains running between Thane to Dadar? (sent from Rabale)

is it ok to travel today by trains?  (sent from Nerul Stn.)

thans to csmt barobar hai train...?? (sent from Mulund)

train left from kalyan to ambernath but slow h bohat  (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

trains are not moving forward from Titwala from last 10 min? (sent from Titwala Stn.)

is there train from Kalyan to cst (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

are fast trains not moving too? (sent from Kalva)

what time ladies train fRom central railway (sent from Mumbra Stn.)

kalwa to mulund chalu ahe kay? (sent from Vikhroli)

ambernath to CST????(plzz reply anyone)

yeah..what happened ?

shahad to thane? (sent from Shahad Stn.)

trains on time or not??  (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

what is problem with traim (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)

what is the reason for delay ?

what is a status of badlapur & ambernath  (sent from Koparkhairne)

what are ghatkopar status??  (sent from Kurla)

Thane trains from ghatkopar available?

what about trains status from kalyan to dadar 

what is train status from kalyan to cst

what abt the central train status (sent from Khar Road)

what about Ghatkopar to Sion

what is the status of central line  (sent from Sewri)

mumbai centrel se ahmedabad ke liye train chalu huwi kya ? (sent from Jogeshwari)

what is the position of locals from Central to Western (sent from Kalyan)

Badlapur to Cst trains are running ?????????? (sent from Badlapur)

what is the status of down track?

is there any latest update abt train ?? (sent from Nahur Stn.)

train from panvel to dahanu is on time?  (sent from Mumbra)

when is the next train from vasind to kalyan (sent from Vasind)

Some news being circulated on WhatsApp, that a bridge has collapsed in Ghatkopar. Is this true/verified ? (sent from Ghatkopar)

Is Badlapur 2:29 train gonna move? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

rush? (sent from Airoli Stn.)

kurla to CST trains are working? (sent from Jogeshwari)

karjat kalyan ? (sent from Badlapur)

how about in train (sent from Kalva)

what about 10 02 kalyan fast (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)

anyone at kalyan station?  (sent from Mumbra Stn.)

how 8:10 can leave now

Is train running from cst to badlapur? (sent from Churchgate)

Kalyan to kurla train status?

Any update on Cst to ghatkopar?

I have a meeting at 3:45 can I reach Dadar ? (sent from Kalva)

What is position at Sion (sent from Elphinstone Road)

is khopoli trn on time or not?

is there any local train to matheran

is train running on time?  (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

which is next train from Badlapur  (sent from Badlapur)

from Kalyan, exp trains schedule is ok or disturbed ??? (sent from Borivali)

is Karjat train on time in Kalyan of 7:50....? (sent from Ambernath)

anyone from ulhasnagar? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

why no train for cst (sent from Mulund Stn.)

how much late are kalyan to thane trains?

how to go Kalyan to virar  (sent from Vasind)

hi what's the status of dadar to Thane ?

thane to kalyan? (sent from Thane Stn.)

is there water logging at dombivli station (sent from Thane)

is it raining in kurla ? (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)

what about Kasara asangoan training  (sent from Virar Stn.)

central line ki tren chalu he?

what is the issue  (sent from Kalva Stn.)

कितना लेट है? (sent from Kalva)

if anybody is at platform, just mention, whether trains are running late or in time? up or down

sion??

any update about the central  trains? 

diva vasai trains chalu hai kya aaj?

trains r running from Ambernath to cst?

trains chalu hei ? towards cst ? (sent from Dombivli)

what is the status from kalyan to cst

is there any megablock on Sunday

Thane ti Dombivli ? (sent from Bandra)

Mumbai Central se tata memorial pahunchne k liye koi   best suggestion h kya? Plz

kanjur to dadar trains running late?

what is the status of trains from dombivali

PL COOPERATE. If everyone stops asking the same question, "Are trains working from A to B?", you'll see the actual updates shared... Take care! (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)

is there train running from kalwa to kalyan (sent from Kalva)

train running status from badlapur?  (sent from Badlapur)

what is about badlapur to kalyan (sent from Elphinstone Road Stn.)

Thane CST working or not?  (sent from Churchgate Stn.)

what is the status of kurla to vashi? (sent from Sion)

Are central line between Thane - Pune is ok? (sent from Rabale)

karjat 9:21 from cst... has it left.. where has it reached? waiting at ghatkopar.. fot 9:51...still hasnt come (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

here no announcement abt that  spl train (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

trains running status between thane and titwala?

Central line ka koi update batyega ??bandra to borivali?? (sent from Bandra)

what is the status from mulund 

is there Mega block today from what.time (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)

what about diva

what about trains from dombivli to cet (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

what is d problem at kalwa Stn frnds

titwala to cst working? please reply  (sent from Titwala)

what about thane-CST???

dombivli to CSMT fast belt...r trains on time...? (sent from Dombivli)

hi central me problem hai Kya? (sent from Boisar Stn.)

Kaun hai ye log.. Kaha se aate hai? 😂🤣

status from Kurla to CST?

ghatkopr to dadr ???? (sent from Nerul Stn.)

train chalu h?  (sent from Kanjur Marg)

are trains on time???  (sent from Koparkhairne)

kalyan to thane train status????? (sent from Kalyan)

thane to Dadar any update.????

pls someone tell me is there any waterlogging at Sion? 

are trains on time at thane? (sent from Thane)

plzzz update is it trains running or not?????  (sent from Bhandup Stn.)

trains running on time?  (sent from Airoli)

thane to kalyan chalu he kya ? (sent from Koparkhairne)

9.30 thane badlapur sutli ka ?? (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)

Train late?? (sent from Kopar)

Is central line working properly??? thanks

cst to Thane status? (sent from Tilak Nagar Stn.)

mulund status? 

train chalu hai kya?  (sent from Elphinstone Road Stn.)

where are asangaon train (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

when is high tiDe

 are trains on time ???

ulhasnagar to thane ?

अरे बदलापूर ट्रेन मध्ये कोणी आहे का?  (sent from Ambernath Stn.)

are trains running???  (sent from Ambernath)

Dadar to Dombivali chalu hai kya? (sent from Vadala Road Stn.)

train on time or what?

ohh u think can we rely on here? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

are trains available from Kalyan to Ghatkopar?

any status about karjat? (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)

any problems on Central Line?

what about 7:43 badlapur from thane? 

any update central railway..? (sent from Mulund)

what happened?? (sent from Mulund Stn.)

so will the trains stop tomorrow? 

heyy guys? are train running?? or maratha morcha thing is still going on?? (sent from Shahad)

what is status for thane to ambernath 

are trains running from Kurla to thane?

are domBivali trains on time ??? (sent from Dadar Stn.)

can anyone let me know about the trains whether they are late or its on time?? (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)

karjat train left frm cst??? (sent from Dadar Stn.)

what abt trains to ulhas nagar and badlapur  (sent from Masjid Stn.)

kalyan to cst rout are clear or not any one??

Is there water-logging on Thane station? (sent from Cst)

what is tomorrow's megablock effect on Sharad to Titwala line (sent from Shahad)

kalyan ti dadar ? all good? (sent from Dadar)

trains are on time from dadar or late ? (sent from Dadar Stn.)

what happens (sent from Ghatkopar)

dom me barish hai kya ?

Trains are working towards thane ?  (sent from Lower Parel)

titwala to Cstm..? (sent from Titwala)

How to late by traun ambernath to dadar (sent from Ambernath Stn.)

I the train working 		? 

what is the status of mulund to dombivli

what's the current status of central railway (sent from Grant Road)

ANYONE SPREADING FAKE NEWS WILL BE FINED .. MARK MY WORDS.. I HAV ALREADY SPOKEN TO OFFICIAL WHO IS MY RELATIVE... SO POST TRUE N GENUINE PLS (sent from Mulund)

is ladies special train there today? (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)

all trains are running or not?

are trains from nerul to airoli on time ?  (sent from Bhandup)

what is status from cst (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

update on kalyan to karjat please? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

Is any titwala local running on track in between Ghatkopar & Nahur rd now. (sent from Nahur Stn.)

thane to dadar trains r working? (sent from Thane)

titwala to Kalyan????? (sent from Titwala)

hi, r trains still running from ghatkopar to kurla? 

how much in duronto exp (sent from Borivali Stn.)

hello anyone at kalyan station? (sent from Vithalwadi)

what is train status??  (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

trains are running?  (sent from Kurla)

5.10 ki first kasara local band h kya?? (sent from Thane Stn.)

train running in time between Shahad to CST??

trains are on time ????? (sent from Thane)

ritesh u r talking abt karjat?

trains are available from kalyan to kanjur marg????? (sent from Shahad Stn.)

kalva halt ?? (sent from Kalva)

trains for csmt are running fine or not??

what's the update kurla Dadar

impact on train from vikhroli to dadar?? (sent from Vikhroli)

what s the train status Tane to CST

is Pune to Mumbai trains working?

thanks.. but chalu h na??

what about Kalyan train from ghartpohar (sent from Shahad)

what is the status of badlapur to thane? (sent from Badlapur)

thane to dombivali have any other route? (sent from Airoli Stn.)

kitna min late hoga train???  (sent from Ambernath Stn.)

Kasara CST fast chalu hai? 

cst to karjat train?? Kaha pohchi (sent from Mahim Jn Stn.)

Can anyone reply abt train schedule??

Hello friends,  Good morning. Aaj trains ka kya status hai??? (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)

 how are down trains running? (sent from Nahur Stn.)

6 17 csmt fast current status? mulunf (sent from Mulund Stn.)

1:35 cstm train what status (sent from Kalva Stn.)

is the khopoli  train is on time from mulund station at 8.06 (sent from Parel Stn.)

are trains running on timw from kalyan to csmt?

location of cst to khopoli fast train??? can any one tell me

what is train status from dadar to kalyan (sent from Kalyan)

train towards cst running? (sent from Vikhroli)

what about cst to thane

are trains from thane to Kalyan working? (sent from Ambernath Stn.)

what is the status of train at Badlapur station (sent from Badlapur)

what is the issue in central line towards kalyan (sent from Thane)

where  is fast train 10:15 (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)

what about the ones coming from Karjat?  (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

Thane to CST fast train working? (sent from Thane Stn.)

? (sent from Vithalwadi)

Don't ask same questions : Central line local are working... On time but some. local are late.... no issue any where in central line.  (sent from Elphinstone Road Stn.)

is it raining in kalyan,how is the situation of trains from thane to kalyan

Whats the status of sion station?  (sent from Andheri)

Is  there any train from CSTM from Ulhasnagar (sent from Vithalwadi)

status of trains from cst to thane? (sent from Cst Stn.)

 ambernath to badlapur status? (sent from Badlapur)

thane to badlapur any update ?

what about Thane to CSMT  (sent from Ghansoli)

stuck at Atgaon... any chance to go to kalyan ??

Sion to thane trains  working?

what is status of central line???  (sent from Gtb Nagar Stn.)

what is d current status at titwala station??? (sent from Titwala Stn.)

Are central line trains running normal? (sent from Jogeshwari)

 trains running properly? (sent from Kalva)

cst kurla train ? (sent from Sandhurst Road Stn.)

central line working ? (sent from Mumbai Central)

trains form thane to dombivali? (sent from Vashi Stn.)

is travelling safe now? (sent from Ghatkopar)

am at parel  what is slow train status    is it ok?? (sent from Elphinstone Road Stn.)

central line mein trains delayed hain kya?  (sent from Vashi)

 is there mega block from Kalyan to thane

what is the status of rain in kalyan to byculla (sent from Vithalwadi Stn.)

is there train to go to Kalyan (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

What IS The Status OF KASARA TO KALYAN

where is the badalapur cstm 1:22 train  (sent from Mumbra Stn.)

are harbour trains working?

is there any train at curry road to mulund (sent from Elphinstone Road Stn.)

are local trains on time?? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

what is stuts of ambivali to cst train (sent from Ambivli Stn.)

trains are running on time??? (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

train are running towards Thane? (sent from Lower Parel)

kalyan to cst train status? (sent from Shahad)

what about mulund to ambernath (sent from Mulund)

Is the train running betn cst to kalyn

where is 10 54?  (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

what is a status of trains (sent from Elphinstone Road)

fast trains are running?

dadar to kalyan? (sent from Goregaon Stn.)

is there any problem in sion 

is there any train for titwala (sent from Kalyan)

dadar status ? (sent from Santa Cruz Stn.)

what tarin ppp (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

is there any issue with the central line  (sent from Kurla Stn.)

is there train from diva to vikroli? (sent from Vikhroli)

are slow trains on time?  (sent from Thane)

why no updates from CST station? (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)

Is train is working frim cst to thane ?

what about central line train (sent from Ghatkopar)

vasai jata hai? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

where is asangoan (sent from Shahad Stn.)

trains welewar aahet kaa?? (sent from Badlapur)

from where (sent from Elphinstone Road Stn.)

train status ?

train chalu hai kya? (sent from Kalva)

panvel Dahanu train cancel hai kya? (sent from Virar Stn.)

but are the trains functioning beyond this point ? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

anyone from kalyan? (sent from Kalyan)

train are running ? dombivali (sent from Nilje)

how are trains towards CST? im stuck at Vikhroli office. (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)

train updates pls? (sent from Kopar)

ghatkopar..Badlapur train abhi tak nhi aaye hai..??  (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

what is the status of train going from Kalyan to Ambernath (sent from Goregaon)

is central line close at this time? (sent from Sion)

 ट्रेन वेळेवर आहे का ? (sent from Rabale)

what is the status between kurla and dadar?  (sent from Bhandup Stn.)

is there any problem upto thane from kalyan

what is the status of trains at badlapur Station? (sent from Badlapur)

kalyan to titwala train running  or not?  (sent from Reay Road Stn.)

Where is 8.41 khopoli from ambarnath?  (sent from Ambernath Stn.)

karjat To CSTM trains can Work ???

what about 6.51 CST..?  (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

any update on Karjat - CSMT fast train? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

kalyan train are running????? (sent from Nilje)

are trains running from badlapur? (sent from Badlapur)

is the train running from Ambernath to cst?  plz update me asap.. 

Sion station any update on water logging?

cst to Vikhroli chalu hai ?? (sent from Sandhurst Road)

kalyan se csmt tak koi issue hai kya...? (sent from Ambivli Stn.)

what about kalyan to Thane?

trains  running late ?? thane to kalyan (sent from Shahad)

what is the current status of train from Thane to cst (sent from Kalva)

Gadi kuthe pohochli? (sent from Badlapur)

is there any problem between thane to kalyan or runninv softly (sent from Vidyavihar Stn.)

do anyone have any idea about panvel vasai trains running via bhiwandi...are the trains haulted since morning? (sent from Kopar Stn.)

is any announcement regarding late train (sent from Shahad Stn.)

ye baarish kab bandh hogi ?? can anyone please tell me?  (sent from Thakurli Stn.)

can anyone tell status of Thane to CST? 

w r khopoli? (sent from Mulund Stn.)

What is the running status of Central Line

are khopoli trains running on time from thane ?  (sent from Rabale)

is train working from kurla to karjat? (sent from Mankhurd)

can we reach to ghatkopar from Kalyan? (sent from Shahad)

what is the status of Kasara 10 10 local

central line ka status kya hai? (sent from Kurla)

problem kya h koi batayega.? (sent from Nahur Stn.)

what is status from Titwala to Thane train...??

where is train  (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

what about kalyan - thane? (sent from Kalyan)

is there any megablock after 5pm today for Thane to Khopoli train (sent from Khopoli Stn.)

train chalu ahet Kay? kalyan to vikroli (sent from Diva Jn)

what about megablock (sent from Titwala Stn.)

what about trains from thane to kalyan

Cst office se jaldi nikle kya? dombivali jana hai. (sent from Cst Stn.)

ulhasnagar to badlapur? (sent from Vithalwadi)

Thane - csmt fast on time aahet ka? (sent from Airoli Stn.)

train late hai kya??

is there train delay in central line

what about badlapur (sent from Turbhe)

Any status update about Soon? (sent from Thane Stn.)

kurla Thane status?? (sent from Tilak Nagar Stn.)

What is update from ambernath? (sent from Ambernath)

anyone at kalyan station?? can please tell me if trains are running towards cst? (sent from Vithalwadi)

dombivli se bsdlapur chalu hai Kya ? (sent from Dombivli)

what happen  (sent from Kalva Stn.)

what is current status of trains between kalyan and karjat (sent from Kalyan)

what is train status today? 

Status of trains towards Asangaon?

Sion to Dadar status? (sent from Goregaon)

dadar to dombivali train chalu hai kya???

Badlapur to CST trains ?

dombivli boisar train update?  (sent from Shahad)

always tracks r broken on central railway why we paid fare if railway have not value for our time.yesterday is the maintaince day and today again same problem (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

thane ka train nai aaya . train late hai kya?

Badlapur to.Thne kuch idea? (sent from Badlapur)

which platform dadar to Ratnagiri train (sent from Dadar Stn.)

karjat train working or not

what is train status on central line

khopoli slow train hai kya? (sent from Thakurli)

what is status  for central train

Thane train? (sent from Nahur Stn.)

dadar to thane slow train is working?

are trains from Kurla to Thane running on time ?? ( from Kurla station ) 

is that train running late or not?

 Kdr Aag Lagi?

what is the condition of central railway

7.22 csmt slow arrived at platform no 4??

are trains from Thane cancelled??

what's the status of karjat  (sent from Khar Road Stn.)

what abt today local train time table

thane to cst trains r running ?

कर्जत से ठाणे रेल चालू है क्या?

Padhne aata hai???

shahad main train chalu hai kya? (sent from Shahad)

what is status of train

train status from karjat to cstm?  (sent from Neral)

Thane to CST working? (sent from Thane Stn.)

Vidyavihar train rukh raha hai kya?  (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

Titwala to thane ka kya news hy? 

abhise kaise pata chalega? din bhar ki basrish pe hai wo to (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

ambernath fast train where arrived? (sent from Tilak Nagar)

trains status from karjat are they on time? 

is 7:43 badlapur slow train from thane platform 3 cancelled?? (sent from Thane Stn.)

what about cst trains form Thand  (sent from Vithalwadi Stn.)

train running from Byculla to ghatkopar?  (sent from Sandhurst Road)

what is current train status

kp kaha hai? (sent from Ambernath Stn.)

aj afternoon ki pune Jane wali sinhgad erpress aur pragati exprees chalu hai ya cansel Hui hai?

Dadar se SF Kalyan gayi? (sent from Dadar Stn.)

what's the status of central yrains

any problems on central line?

kalyan to cst are the trains running? (sent from Dombivli)

what ia the status of cst trains??? (sent from Thakurli)

Chetan where is that spl train (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

where is it updated and why  (sent from Mulund)

kitna delay hai?

any update from kalyan to mulund?

what is the status of trains

hello guys what train schudule (sent from Sion)

Kalyan to cst. ? (sent from Kalyan)

train time pe hai.?  (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)

I also reached dombivali was no problem.of train what happened (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

where amberanth fast train later 7:40 dadar

what about trains from dombivli??? (sent from Dombivli)

hello what is the current situation to central line

Dadar??? (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)

express chalu hai kya...?

Ghatkopar to cst chal Rahi kya ? (sent from Ghatkopar)

thane to cst train working or not ???

so what enjoy (sent from Thane)

Kalyan ki taraf jaane wali trains time pe hai??? (sent from Elphinstone Road Stn.)

where is at kasara train (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)

kurla to karjat/khopoli trains are working?????? (sent from Govandi)

what is the current central line status (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

status of train from kalyan to ghatkopar?

fast train towards CSTM from Thane are on time ?  (sent from Thane)

tain ??? (sent from Mankhurd)

is trains are running in schedule or not?  (sent from Churchgate Stn.)

what is Exact Time Of Departure of Trains (sent from Vikhroli)

Okay. Thank you. Slow or fast? (sent from Dombivli)

what's status of express trains way to Nashik

what is train status 

what is status about kasara to csmt train

what a jok havi rain chalu  (sent from Bhandup Stn.)

what's the status abt Ghatkopar ...train on time or delay (sent from Andheri)

what about badlapur to thane (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)

kurla to Thane train chalu hai Kay???  (sent from Juinagar Stn.)

what is problem.?  show train running let 20 min (sent from Kalva)

what about Central railway train status (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)

any updates on karjat to thane trains?

thane to dombivli???  (sent from Sanpada)

What is situation @ Dadar Station (sent from Airoli)

train chalu h Kya Dombivali to mulund?  (sent from Kopar)

Thane to Dombivali chalu h?

problem solved or not ?? (sent from Kurla Stn.)

are trains running from currey road to Mulund? (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)

what is status of trains from Vikhroli to Kalyan?? 

thane 10:23 cst slow kuthe ahe?? (sent from Thane Stn.)

express trains are on time or not

dadar to thane working fine? 

Tomorrow morning traine ..dombiwali to dadar?

where is asangoan local 

kalyan to cst??? (sent from Dombivli)

Trains from ambernath running ???

what ia current status of central line guyZZ

yes current status from thane to down?

from kurla to nahur..  wats the status?  (sent from Mankhurd)

where is KP 3.35 (from dadar) (sent from Dadar Stn.)

are train tunning properly from kjrla to thane?? (sent from Mira Road)

from Byculla to thane?

what is the status of train

centerline chalu ka ? (sent from Santa Cruz)

cst se thane wali train chl rhi hai ??? (sent from Kanjur Marg)

what about asangaon or kasara train from shahad is status (sent from Shahad)

Kurla Dadar train chalu hai kya.?  (sent from Chunabhatti)

what's up with karjat to cst trains? (sent from Karjat Stn.)

train are running or stop ? (sent from Bhandup)

what r d timings

kasara fast right time in kurla?  (sent from Vadala Road)

every Sunday central railway takes schedule down time so called mega block. is there any authority who will provide report on work done during that period? (sent from Kalva)

what's the status of slow trains going to cst? (sent from Badlapur Stn.)

dadt to karjat trains.. are they running??  (sent from Mira Road)

what is the status  of ambernath  to cst train.

chalu hai?? (sent from Chunabhatti)

central line  running on time , isn't ? (sent from Kalva Stn.)

thane to kanjurmarg slow?  (sent from Thane)

trains on hai off hai?? (sent from Mulund)

thank u?? 

what is position kasara local (sent from Titwala Stn.)

what is the status of trains today (sent from Mulund)

How can I go kharghar from ulhasnagar (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

return valid till when? (sent from Churchgate)

any problem kadavli between thane why are train running late (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)

central line on time ? (sent from Lower Parel)

is karjat train ...late ????

kalyan kasara trains late hai kya? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

u can catch diva vasai local.. which is at the gap of some 45 50 min.. it will take 50 min to reach kopar.. get down at kopar station and then in central catch trn for dombivali..  (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)

any issues in trains from CST to Thane?

what is the status of dadar to kurla? (sent from Andheri)

are thane CST locals on time ? (sent from Nahur Stn.)

how much time is it taking for train to reach CST from Thane? 

Hi, I am at Airoli. I'll be catching the train from Nahur..please can someone update the status of Thane to CST slow trains..are they plying and are they on time..? Please.   (sent from Airoli)

ghatkopar to Thane train's are working?  (sent from Ghatkopar)

situation at thane is good. ? 

is trains running regular? (sent from Dombivli)

what is news for train from thane to kalyan

what about saion station.....guys (sent from Virar)

trains to bhi puri?  (sent from Byculla)

CSMT ते कल्याण काय स्टेटस आहे..?  (sent from Mulund Stn.)

what about Karjat line (sent from Dombivli)

karjat to neral train are working or not? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

central line status???

are trains running on time? 

chalu ahe ka?????  (sent from Karjat)

trains chalu hai na??  (sent from Churchgate)

the 10:25 fast from thane csmt fast is on time? (sent from Airoli Stn.)

where is 651 thane Badlapur train  (sent from Mumbra Stn.)

is train on time ? (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)

Trains are working properly???? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

what's going on

what problem in dombiwali train

central chalu hai kyaa yaa late hai plzz replyy!??? (sent from Mahalakshmi Stn.)

when 10;54 cst will arrive????

what is status of train between Ghatkopar to kalyan  (sent from Vikhroli)

can anyone help to know the status of trains from dombivli to cst?

Thane to cst trains??? 

local train is on time ?

how is the crowd for fast slow train

anybody in thane station how is thes status of local trains

trains r on time or not? (sent from Kalamboli)

what about slow trains from platform number 1? (sent from Kalva)

Is The Trains Are Going To Badlapur Or Cancelled (sent from Govandi Stn.)

parel to thane?  (sent from Elphinstone Road)

what is the current s Te atus of train movement from ghatkoper to thane (sent from Vile Parle)

kurla tu csmt train is working are not? (sent from Kurla)

? (sent from Airoli Stn.)

Kharghar Jane me liye train chalu hai kya Kurla se ??? (sent from Grant Road)

any status about fast trains?? are they on time?

Thanks and hats off to passengers  who are replying patiently to all question under adverse circumstances (sent from Shahad)

Thane local announced at Kanjurmarg...Are trains running between Thane and Mulund? (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)

how is rain in Mumbai (sent from Vithalwadi)

???? (sent from Kharghar Stn.)

Kalyan to CST trains are running on time ???

is there any water logging in central line from thane to csmt  (sent from Ghansoli Stn.)

what is the status of today's train badlapur to kurla (sent from Badlapur)

is central line on work?

cst to kalyan?  (sent from Cst Stn.)

what is the status of trains to Csmt (sent from Tilak Nagar)

Train from Kalyan to Ghatkopar working ?

what about Kalwa to dadar (sent from Kalva)

is 9:24 CST local left from shahad? (sent from Shahad)

cst to thane ??  (sent from Thane)

where is kasara train now? (sent from Byculla Stn.)

no it's not working on time ?  (sent from Thakurli Stn.)

asangaon 8.43 in thane?? where is it now? (sent from Thane Stn.)

Thane to Dadar are trains working properly? (sent from Airoli)

??? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

trains chalu hai? (sent from Ambernath)

Dadar to Thane train chalu hai ? (sent from Grant Road Stn.)

All locals run on time schedule ? (sent from Kalyan)

what about 9.51 cstm? is it cancel? (sent from Kalyan)

what is the status of train from ghat kopar to Thane

फास्ट ट्रेन ला प्रॉब्लेम आहे की स्लो ट्रेन ला ?? (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

is train running on time?????? what is rain status in ghatkopar??? metro status?? (sent from Badlapur Stn.)

what the issue 

what about dombivli to cst? (sent from Dombivli)

train time pee hai kya mumbra se cst....??? (sent from Mumbra Stn.)

is train running from dombivili to cst??

what happened?? (sent from Bhandup Stn.)

thane to mumbra trains working or not

what is status from dombivali (sent from Dombivli)

pls confirm some one what happened at thane station (sent from Kalva)

what's the reason as I'm stuck in bhandup (sent from Bhandup Stn.)

trains running from Bhandup to Thane ? (sent from Bhandup)

os where is dombivali fast (sent from Bandra Stn.)

are trains running between Dombivli and Mulund ? (sent from Kopar Stn.)

are trains working fine ?  (sent from Kanjur Marg)

what is the problem (sent from Mulund Stn.)

how are you dear......?  (sent from Vasind)

what is the train status between dadar thane (sent from Jogeshwari)

is any prob near ghatkpar in fast track towards vikroli (sent from Ghatkopar)

are trains running on time? (sent from Kurla Stn.)

are trains from kalyan to VT running ? (sent from Shahad)

CST to kalyan running? (sent from Churchgate Stn.)

Trains are late.. Anyone aware why?  (sent from Bhandup Stn.)

what is the st (sent from Nahur)

Trains from Ambernath to Thane ?

y kasara train has stopped??  (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

vikroli se kalyan chalu hai kya?

trains in time? 

what is the train status (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

karjat tren chalu ahe ka?

what abt central railway?? (sent from Dadar Stn.)

is there train from thane to cst (sent from Koparkhairne Stn.)

trains are on time? (sent from Bhandup)

Mumbai central to Thane?  (sent from Mumbai Central Stn.)

what happene (sent from Nahur Stn.)

dombivali to cst train status?? (sent from Dombivli)

where is kasara

Why trains are so late? (sent from Elphinstone Road Stn.)

how is the rain situation at Dadar. (sent from Badlapur)

what is the status of amb to cst trains  (sent from Ambernath Stn.)

what about kurla to thane ? (sent from Kurla)

cst to thane!! what is the situation?? (sent from Bhandup)

Titwala- CST local chalu h kya?

is any problem with central lines

what is the status of Sinhagad express??

train are running on time?

status of central n harbour railway??  (sent from Dadar Stn.)

are all slow trains divertted to fast? (sent from Thakurli Stn.)

is that train towards Kasara on time?

from ghatkopar to masjid bunder working ?? (sent from Malad)

thane to kalyan train chalu ahe ka????? (sent from Thane Stn.)

is there any water clogging in Thane station??? (sent from Vikhroli)

kurla to ghatkopar working??

is train on time? (sent from Elphinstone Road)

are central trains working? any problems because of the rains? 

any status about vikroli to kalyan?  (sent from Vikhroli)

what's status at sion?

what is status of CST Thane 8:18 train? (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)

what is the status of the train from dombivli to ghatkopar?  (sent from Thakurli Stn.)

late for how many minutes ? (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

from Dombivali to cst what is the status 

khopoli train? (sent from Lowjee Stn.)

train towards Thane on time? (sent from Jogeshwari)

is it right train will stop aftr smtime ? (sent from Bhandup Stn.)

train running or not ? (sent from Kalva)

 pakka bhai ? (sent from Vile Parle)

are trains running from Thane to Ghatkopar? (sent from Rabale)

10-15 mins? (sent from Byculla Stn.)

is the fast is running from cst to kalyan (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

are trains from cst to kalyan running fine ?? (sent from Kalyan)

train running on time from dombivali?? (sent from Navade Road)

train running from dadar to kurla? (sent from Nalla Sopara Stn.)

kalyan train stuck at nahur outer ???? whats the problm

Hi Rohan! please stop whatever that you are smoking up! *cheers*

what is Status of central line trains between Thane and CSMT (sent from Thane)

amber nath to vat working normal? (sent from Ambernath)

kal  magablock hai keya central line pr? (sent from Mumbra)

train kitna slow chal rha ? any updates  (sent from Mulund)

ambernath to thane? (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)

any update for asangaon? (sent from Koparkhairne)

kalyan Dombivali train running ? (sent from Kings Circle Stn.)

wt sort of mishap?? (sent from Badlapur)

is there still water logging in dadar station? (sent from Shahad)

is train running from kurla 6.47 kalyan fast is on time? (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

are central trains on time ? (sent from Nahur Stn.)

are trains running? (sent from Mulund Stn.)

thane to cst trains working? (sent from Airoli Stn.)

Ulhasnagar to thane trains ka update? (sent from Ambernath)

are trains running from kalyan to cst ? and what about water logging

bhandup la train chalu ahe ka?? (sent from Airoli Stn.)

what's the of trains at Titwala  (sent from Titwala Stn.)

how are trains running from.mulund (sent from Mulund Stn.)

I'm at kurla, what's the best route to go to Mira Rd? (sent from Nerul Stn.)

kalyan to karjat trains? 

Badlapur to csmt status? (sent from Badlapur)

update about Thane to ambernath?? (sent from Rabale)

Thane-Vashi train Status? (sent from Kalva Stn.)

what about teain status from cst to kalyan (sent from Andheri)

from kurla to badlapur is there any problem for train delay?

Karjat..? (sent from Borivali)

cst jane wail? (sent from Ambivli)

panvel vasai passanger train running properly 7.55pm trn?? (sent from Nahur)

thane to cst working? (sent from Airoli)

what is the status of train from dadar to thane?  (sent from Virar Stn.)

train from cst to ghatkopar??  (sent from Churchgate Stn.)

Are trains running properly from Cst to Badlapur??? (sent from Nahur)

ghatkopar to Byculla status? 

what is status (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)

trains r on time? (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)

where are 8.27titwala train?  (sent from Rabale Stn.)

Thane Kalyan chalu ahet Ka? (sent from Belapur Cbd Stn.)

vikhroli to dadar ? (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)

Go to harbour line chat for that (sent from Nahur)

bhandup to vidyavihar ? (sent from Bhandup Stn.)

what about cst thane  (sent from Sandhurst Road Stn.)

is kalrashukla classes open? (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)

7:34 Thane to Kalyan slow Thane kon se platform par aane vali hai??

csmt to vithalwadi line clear??? please inform  (sent from Cst Stn.)

thane to ambernath status? (sent from Nilje)

titwala cst is on time? (sent from Shahad Stn.)

whre he declared??? (sent from Thakurli)

Trains chalu hain kya ? (sent from Ambernath Stn.)

any update for the trains towards panvel?? (sent from Belapur Cbd Stn.)

kurla to Thane trains are running? (sent from Khar Road)

are trains from shahad running properly? (sent from Shahad)

are trains working in central properly? (sent from Masjid)

Thane to CSMT ??

train updates?

central line chalu hai kya? (sent from Mumbra)

any trains to Karjat? (sent from Badlapur)

jane ko abhi office jaa bhi sakte hai, par barish aisa hi Greg to trains to kuch samay baat band hona hi hai, ghar wapas kaise aoge boat me??? (sent from Thane Stn.)

train are let ,,, bt not cancel na? (sent from Ambivli)

Mulund  to Dadar status please? (sent from Mulund)

True.There are no quick updates on stations. Technical issues can always occur but Alteast there should proper updates like trains are late due to this reason by how much delay. Trains have been moving to fast track.How difficult is that for railway to announce proper updates.Pathetic announcements. (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

where is 1:48 khopoli train? (sent from Thane Stn.)

1:37 fast at vithalwadi ?? (sent from Vithalwadi Stn.)

Anyone please tell ,1st train & timing from Nallasopara to Kopar ,in the morning ? (sent from Nalla Sopara)

central line ki aane jaane ki local band hai kya..?😶

dadar train from 2nd platform why not running????  (sent from Parel Stn.)

आसनगाव लोकल च सांगा रे कोणी?  (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

नेमकी गाड्यांची स्थिती काय आहे?

what's that

kitne late hai? (sent from Mulund)

Ghatli par to CSTM  is train running? (sent from Ghatkopar)

do we have issue on fast track ? (sent from Airoli)

hi what is the status of trains

what's the status of trains b/w cst and ghatkopar?

 why central railway is delayed (sent from Mulund Stn.)

Which train on Thane station Platform no 1?

Train towards thane running properly ? (sent from Lower Parel)

are you ok? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

train status pls ?

what about Thane to Kalyan (sent from Manasarovar)

where is asangaon (sent from Thane Stn.)

where is the fast train for cstm (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

Ambernath to Karjat Amy chance ?

On central railway in new train have they started new thing to play any random songs?? Has anyone noticed it 🤔 (sent from Kalyan)

are trains working between Sion & Kurla? (sent from Kings Circle Stn.)

Kindly check Megablock details in *Most Liked Chats at right side of chat section* also the Megablock details are available in News section of m-indicator app. *News Section* button is present at top right corner of chat section

what is the status about karjat train 

what is the status of 6.51 cst train from dombivli (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

ghatkopar to dombivali train chalu ahet ka??

what is the status for Central  (sent from Churchgate)

please confirm , trains are working from dadar to badlapur?? (sent from Elphinstone Road Stn.)

what is the issue from last half nd hour train is not moving from Kalyan (sent from Vithalwadi Stn.)

thane to Kalyan status ? (sent from Koparkhairne Stn.)

how is the situation in dadar central line?  (sent from Nahur Stn.)

wat about kasara and asngaon trains? (sent from Kurla Stn.)

what happen guys..please give me update about this train (sent from Rabale)

really???

bhai any issues in central line????  (sent from Panvel Stn.)

Kalyan se aage status kya hai for kasara route?? (sent from Mumbra Stn.)

what is train status of BL to CSMT 

what's time of nizamuddin train?  (sent from Bhayander)

how khopli line running 

where is ASANGAON 10.25 from KALYAN (sent from Diva Jn)

what about kasara train (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

Train running from KYN to CST?  (sent from Dombivli)

what is the status at thane station is it clogged? (sent from Dombivli)

parel?? (sent from Kopar)

their is a news that kari road to csmt local is not working

what the status from Ulhasnagar to Dombivali (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

friends just need small info heard that trains from CST to Kurla cancelled kindly confirm any one please (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)

is train on tym towards asngv??? 

 what is train status (sent from Kopar Stn.)

where is kasara train?  (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

what is problem in central line (sent from Bhandup Stn.)

दादर साठी कुर्ल्या वरून ट्रेन आहे का? (sent from Govandi)

please let us know trains from Thane are working not not??

where is train now?

any problem in central line ?  (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

ghatkopaar stn ke bahar idli wala khada hai kya? (sent from Govandi)

where fast train reached? pls update (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

Badlapur to CST trains working ?

any waterlogging??? 

are trains to thane from csmt on time? (sent from Chunabhatti)

what is status of kasara -kalyan route...trains on time???

are train from Ghatkopar to thane are working?

from kalyan to cst ?

what is the status of trains CST towards vicroli

is it too crowded in Ghatkopar ???  (sent from Kandivali)

thane ambernath running? (sent from Airoli)

Mulund to Ghatkopar train are running proper or not?

kurla to cst? status (sent from Vidyavihar)

what is the status of Thane to cstm station  (sent from Thane Stn.)

Kanjur se trains chal rahe hain Kya?  (sent from Kanjur Marg)

बदलापूर ते ठाणे ट्रेन सद्यस्थिती काय आहे..?? (sent from Sanpada Stn.)

  do we have train from kurla to dadar ? (sent from Vashi Stn.)

technical problem hai kya cebtral lineka?

what is status between dadar to badlapur

trains r in time or not  ? (sent from Lower Parel)

kurla to titwala train is running or not ?? (sent from Kurla Stn.)

what about Kurla to Badlapur  (sent from Nerul Stn.)

why trains r moving slowly (sent from Ghatkopar)

is it flooded outside dadar stn? 

Auto n TMT buses r running from mulund station ?? (sent from Ghatkopar)

trains on time??

train let he lay? 

Are Trains in Central Line on Time ???(Kalva To CSMT)

kurla to thane trains are running?  (sent from Sanpada Stn.)

kalyan se badlapur chalu he kay? (sent from Vikhroli)

Where is asangaon (9.17 kalyan) local? 

ghatkoper to dadar train  chalu hay kya?? 

 are train on time frm karjat to Csmt?  (sent from Karjat)

why central line trains heading to kalyan from kalwa are running late?

Thanks. Kitna delay hai? (sent from Shahad)

why train is nit moving..? (sent from Nahur Stn.)

today's which place mega block in central line (sent from Lowjee)

Karjat??? trains (sent from Kalva Stn.)

is train working from Thane to kurla? 

is the trains are running from virar (sent from Mahim Jn Stn.)

is there water logging at ghatkopar stn?  (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)

are the trains running on time from kalyan??

Bandra to thane train are movie or not?? (sent from Bandra Stn.)

trains running from thane to kalyan?

what's up (sent from Ambernath)

Anybody who can update? (sent from Malad)

really .. when

कल्याण से ठाणे ट्रेन चल रही है?

parel to Kurla Chalu hai Kya? (sent from Matunga Road)

mumbrs station kitne bje ki lagya hai train cstm ki?

byculla to sion ? is it advisable to go by train? (sent from Mira Road)

what is UP side status of trains? Kalyan to CSTM

kalva to bhandup ??!

thane to ghatkopar running ?? (sent from Ghansoli)

kasara to kalyan trains are going???

what is the mega block window for tomorrow 15th jul

how is train working in central line

train issue?  (sent from Andheri Stn.)

where is karjat thane (sent from Thane Stn.)

where is Thane badlapur slow train (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)

what is dombivali station status? (sent from Dombivli)

thane to Kurla chalu hai kya? 

please tell us from where to where trains are running n from where it's stuck or not working (sent from Lower Parel)

what is the status of the trains 

Are all trains running ?

What is status in kurla?please answer . (sent from Kurla Stn.)

is slow track train running properly? (sent from Cst Stn.)

is train running till or Thane? or till bhandup only? (sent from Lower Parel)

what is about khopoli CST trains (sent from Kalyan)

kalyan to thane chalu he kya? (sent from Vithalwadi)

why trains are late

what about from kurla ghatkopar trains are there or not (sent from Govandi Stn.)

what about trains from Thane towards kalyan (sent from Turbhe)

wat abt 8.43 kasara trn? (sent from Thane Stn.)

please update what is the status of train from Kalyan to Badlapur

Is lower parel facing water logging? Nd what's the status of schedule. how much late are trains running there?

Cst last local chali gayi kya kurla se ? (sent from Chembur Stn.)

what is the status of train now? specially down. (sent from Mulund)

is there any bus after 6 15 from kasara

सायनसे कल्याणकें लिए ट्रेन चालू है क्या.....? (sent from Mahim Jn)

please don't fight. this is for helping each other. But 98%there are questions like train chalu hai kya? answers are already there. just read them na (sent from Dombivli)

is there train available from dadar to Thane (sent from Mahim Jn Stn.)

Dombivali status? (sent from Kopar)

Badlapur to cst status? 

Is there any problem towards mulund (sent from Nahur Stn.)

Any update on Karjat trains?

Thane status please? (sent from Vikhroli)

what is the status from Titwala

Trains are running on time or its delayed??? (sent from Ambernath)

what is status in thane (sent from Vikhroli)

trains chalu hai kya mulund se diva jaane ke liye?? (sent from Mulund Stn.)

dombivli to kurla trains status? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

are trains working from Thane to cstm?

dadar  se  Thane train chalu hai?? (sent from Andheri)

?

kalyan to ghatkoper? (sent from Vithalwadi)

when train will start from ambarnath to cst in early morning?

is csmt - kasara fast local of 8.33 am on time ?? (sent from Mulund)

Panvel to thane trains chalu he kya?

any status of train coming towards Kasara??? (sent from Kasara Stn.)

Kalyan to diva train ?

waterlogging at sion station? (sent from Elphinstone Road)

what wada Paav (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)

Hi anyone can update about central railway diley?  (sent from Kurla Stn.)

what about thane to ambernath

theka khula hai?  (sent from Turbhe)

is it ok to go Dombivli today?? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

update kasara local?  (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

what is the status of 8.03 thane karjat ? (sent from Vithalwadi Stn.)

what's train running status from cat to Kalyan

what is the status dombivali to thane??

What is the status of dadar to kalyan??

is thane to cst train on time? (sent from Thane)

what's status of down train (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

what about Thane to Ghatkoper  (sent from Thane Stn.)

G.M. fr. what status sion batween csmt (sent from Sion)

wat abt khopoli@@???? (sent from Mulund)

where is the train reached going towards kalyan????? slow train (sent from Sion Stn.)

How's train running in central line (sent from Mahalakshmi)

are trains running from thane to CST? (sent from Thane)

what about trains from Dombivli to CST (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

What is the status of trains from thane to dadar

today Chennai exp is on time or not

what is train's condition 

is train on running properly?? in central line??  (sent from Ambernath Stn.)

are trains on time today from cst to kalyan ?

status of Dom station ? (sent from Nilje)

Ghatkopr to Kalyan chalu h Kya?? (sent from Andheri Stn.)

badlapur CST what is the status ? 

shahad to Cst train kuch problem hai kya?  (sent from Byculla)

mumbra to kalyan train chalu hai kyaa? 

trains are available from byculla to thane?  (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)

kabse chalu hua rail patri pe bus?? 

instead of chat from home, reach station and update (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

are trains running on time from Thane to cst?  (sent from Kalva)

what about cst to karjat (sent from Churchgate Stn.)

are locals running between Thane to cst ?

what is status of ambernath and badlhapur  (sent from Ghatkopar)

what problem train not running bhadup slow line (sent from Nahur Stn.)

where is panvel dahanu memo  (sent from Nahur Stn.)

9:13 cst from badlapur....is on time or not??? (sent from Ambernath Stn.)

where is  tren titwala (sent from Shahad Stn.)

r trains running on time? (sent from Karjat)

vashind 11.55 AM trin is to late evry day why (sent from Vasind)

central rail status?

Andhri to CST train are working? (sent from Elphinstone Road)

what is pc?

what about badlapiur train (sent from Vithalwadi)

9:47. kalyan dadar status? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

where is Dombivali local now ? (sent from Thane Stn.)

what is train current position

Badlapur see kitne time me niklegi train??? @Minal Chavan

नमस्कार, ट्रेन वेळेवर आहेत का ? (sent from Khadavli)

are trains to cst late?  (sent from Kalyan)

is there fast train to cstm from Kurla now (sent from Vidyavihar Stn.)

anyone running from mumbra??

Trains chalu ahet ki nahi? (sent from Dadar Stn.)

what is the status from kasara to Thane track

what happened to thane train (sent from Bhandup Stn.)

Central line chal rahi hai na?? (sent from Belapur Cbd Stn.)

ff? dbd 

pune trains ?

average Kitna late hai trains?  (sent from Badlapur Stn.)

what is status about downline  (sent from Kurla)

what about titwala to cst riply any one from titwala (sent from Titwala Stn.)

is it raining any were???? (sent from Thakurli Stn.)

is there any train available to kasara (sent from Kalyan)

what accident? I just passed nahur I can't spot anything (sent from Mulund Stn.)

ghatkopar to karjat trains chalu hai kya? (sent from Andheri)

are the trains running from kanjurmarg towards cst??? (sent from Bhayander)

kurla dadar what satetus (sent from Chembur Stn.)

ghatkopar to kalyaan train are working  or not????  please update asap  (sent from Jogeshwari)

thane to badlapur train status? (sent from Badlapur)

Hi what is Trian status (sent from Juinagar)

kasara line me train chal rahi hai kya???

thane 6.51 local status plz? (sent from Kalva)

kalyan local working ??? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

are trains running towards dadar ??? (sent from Kanjur Marg)

kanjur to thane what's the status

what si update kalyan to cst

Virar to churchgate trains are running? (sent from Virar)

 Trains are late at the central line. It's not a very major issue right?   (sent from Kings Circle)

what is the reason of delay  (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

Are trains running on time?  (sent from Thane)

are trains running from thane to kanjurmarg ??

cst to DOMBIVLI train status ? (sent from Ghatkopar)

paus ahe ka central la.? 

what about KALWA to ASNAGOAN???? (sent from Kalva)

central train r running or nt? 

any update regarding trains from dombivali??? (sent from Dombivli)

where is 5.45 fast train (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

why trains are going slow after mumbra (sent from Mumbra Stn.)

where is 8:25 diva (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)

0425 kasara cst is departed or not ??? (sent from Khadavli Stn.)

is the central line from Thane to cst working ? (sent from Churchgate)

how to late 7.50 Karjat train  (sent from Cst)

asangaon k liye koi train available he kya? (sent from Asangaon Stn.)

kalyan to THANE trains status????

there is some problem in central line????? (sent from Nahur Stn.)

What's the status of trains from Kalyan to CST, please (sent from Nahur Stn.)

how much late r the trains running

train chalu hai kya??? (sent from Kalva Stn.)

trains running on time???

is train available from karjet to Dadar train ? (sent from Bhivpuriroad)

where is Karjat train (sent from Badlapur)

is the central line train properly running from diva to cstm (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)

how much time take to travel from thane to parel by slow train...? (sent from Mulund Stn.)

central line Trains are working or not?

11:52 is on time????

?? (sent from Nahur)

how about DADAR & thane (sent from Vile Parle)

what about trains to kasara

where is the thane train (sent from Kopar Stn.)

train route? (sent from Ghatkopar)

what about local trains are running on time? (sent from Karjat Stn.)

is there any train available for thane (sent from Elphinstone Road Stn.)

ambarnath to cst ???? (sent from Ambernath)

at ghatkopar stn waiting for 1:37 karjat train can any1 can help wer it's reached?  (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

are trains working from sion to Mulund? (sent from Mulund)

??

what status from kyn to csmt fast trains

कर्जत जनेवली ट्रे न  चालू है क्या?

where 7 8 (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)

mumbra to bhandup chalo hai train....?

what is the status of Trains?  (sent from Elphinstone Road)

trains working from thane? (sent from Thane)

trains are working now? (sent from Elphinstone Road)

centerl line chalu h kyu ??? (sent from Bhayander)

May i know panvel to kurla trains are running??

where is asngoan local 

are train running from Thane towards ghatkopar ??

what is situations in kalyan? (sent from Vithalwadi)

where is 7.19 fast local from Karjat to CST, now ?? where did it reached? how late it is? (sent from Badlapur Stn.)

is central line on? i want to go to Sandhurst from kanjur marg (sent from Vikhroli)

kurla badlapur chalu he kya??

???

are trains available from titwala to cst?  (sent from Titwala Stn.)

central railway chalu aahe ka??? (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)

trains from badlapur to cst are working?  (sent from Badlapur Stn.)

are train towards ambernath  running ?

is there is train start's again (sent from Diva Jn)

anyone in 4.48 fast train to CSMT? (sent from Kurla Stn.)

kasara fast train at thane 10.21?

cst Badlapur train chalu ahe ka?

train is running from bhand up to thane or not

kalyan to cst train chalu hai kya ?pls update

Why has the train stopped between Kurla and Sion. 

CST to ambernath 9.53 fast current status?? (sent from Ghatkopar)

What is the situation at Dadar station?  (sent from Mulund Stn.)

central line running status?

what's situation on CR 

What about trains from Titwala to Thane?

any update abt Sion to Kurla? (sent from Gtb Nagar Stn.)

why are trains delayed for long? ladies spl halted near nahur since half hour (sent from Kanjur Marg)

central line chlu h kyaa ?? (sent from Kings Circle Stn.)

Maine puchh liya to problem h tereko??

where is dadar kalyan 5.38? (sent from Dadar Stn.)

Richa source? 

Is central railway close today? (sent from Vidyavihar)

now train on time or delay???  (sent from Lower Parel)

which semifast? (sent from Thane Stn.)

please send what is the status of sion (sent from Chinchpokli Stn.)

please how much delay 8.38 fast from thane (sent from Thane Stn.)

9.51 kalyan cst ka kya haal hai? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

has 9.55 left from Kalyan?  (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

dombivali csmt is working ?? (sent from Kopar Stn.)

thane to cstm slow train are there or not 

badlapur chya trains chalu zalya ka? (sent from Chembur Stn.)

Please Update? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

now u reached Saki Naka right ??

wht abt 4:53 badlapur  ? (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)

which one from Titwala (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

kurla pe water logging hai kya???

what about western line???  (sent from Kalyan)

9:24 Karjat Right Time pr hai?  (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

from Thane to dombivili??

dombivli to cst running or not?

train from Ghatkopar to Kalyan .. is it working ???

slow trains to CST working?  (sent from Matunga Stn.)

Kalwa se hey Kya chalu? (sent from Kalva)

strawberry strawberry khel raha Hai kya?  (sent from Dombivli)

how's the status at kurla , sion no other low lying areas? (sent from Shahad)

cst to thane trains are running???  (sent from Currey Road)

why trn r so late (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

are the trains on time ? (sent from Karjat)

what's problem between badlapur to kalyan train to run very slowly 

are the train working?  (sent from Ghatkopar)

कर्जत CSTM लोकल ट्रेन चालू है जी? 🙏 (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

hello..central line is working??

is it safe to travel today ?  (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

kasra train is late or what  (sent from Vasind)

that's what m asking  (sent from Vithalwadi)

and titwala?  (sent from Dadar Stn.)

BADLAPUR to CST STATUS? (sent from Badlapur)

Karjat se cst chal raha hai kya?

where is karjat 9:18 from kalyan (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

train are late ? (sent from Kalva)

thane to Kasara trains chalu hai kya ?? (sent from Mulund)

Kalyan to CST ? (sent from Mumbra Stn.)

9 .47 15 car reached at kalyan at 9.47 n this train was keep standing for mail express n that mail express came after 3 to 4 minutes n that mail express just paas at 9.57 n this CST (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

are the services on time?  (sent from Mulund)

any update from badlapur to ghatkoper?

kalyan to thane trains are running?

thane chalu hai kya?

what the status at Dadar Sion? (sent from Lower Parel)

Ambarnarh to Dadar kya status ? (sent from Jogeshwari)

what is the status for Dadar stations  (sent from Airoli Stn.)

Kalva to csmt status? (sent from Kalva)

can anybody tell about the status for Down CST to Karjat Trains ? (sent from Koparkhairne)

Trains from Kasara to Kalyan on time??

is there train from thane to kurla??? (sent from Ghansoli)

7.15cst local is in time??? (sent from Badlapur)

hello Guys. Kalyan to Ambernath route down trains working?  (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)

what's problem in slow line from ghatkopar till thane (sent from Nahur Stn.)

what is train status ? (sent from Kalyan)

after 8.6 fast csmt. ....? 

kurla to ghatkopar?

trains from thane are on time ? or they are late ?

what is a train status (sent from Kalva Stn.)

Karjat trains?? (sent from Vangani)

Central line is regular ???? (sent from Kalva)

no trains at dadar what's the proble (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)

train status from thanee   ppls ? (sent from Mulund Stn.)

is it safe to travle from thane to titwala.? (sent from Panvel)

kalyan to thane trains are running? 

what was so funny in that (sent from Thakurli Stn.)

what is a current starus of central lines

is there any Klyn train coming towards thane

what about sion st (sent from Bhandup)

are trains running from Sion? (sent from Bandra Stn.)

what about train status kalyan to cstm (sent from Andheri)

Is better to go in slow local fast local Ghatkopar To CST 27 min slow local takes 37 min only 10 min effect... I don't no why people need fast train in peak and crowded hour (sent from Dadar Stn.)

standing at thane plt 4 plz update bout cstm? (sent from Thane Stn.)

what about Thane local train (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

what about titwala train schedule

what about transharbour? are trains running or not? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

Thane to dombivali Kiti time lagtoy ? or better get down at kopar n go by auto to dombivali  (sent from Mankhurd Stn.)

what is the status of train from thane to kalyan (sent from Airoli)

was that right time? (sent from Ghansoli)

kalyan to badlapur train start or not

karjat to CSMT any idea??? (sent from Karjat)

you heard the announcement?  (sent from Mulund Stn.)

are trains blocked??

what is status of train towards kalyan ?

what about trains between Dadar and csmt (sent from Currey Road Stn.)

kasara to cst fast kaha par hai? thane par bola gaya late ayegi. (sent from Thane Stn.)

where is fast local 10:05 in dombivali  (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

hi, what is train status from Thane to karjat

what about Kurla to kanjurmarg? (sent from Kurla)

how much (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

train status from kalyan to dadar?? 

friends...trains running? Kalyan to cstm? (sent from Dombivli)

thane to vikhroli? (sent from Airoli Stn.)

dombavli to thane status??

Kurla To CST k liye train chl rahi h k nhiii? (sent from Kurla)

trains are on time? (sent from Mulund Stn.)

CST to Dombivli are trains running? (sent from Grant Road Stn.)

is central line trains are on time ?? (sent from Chinchpokli Stn.)

pls give me status of kanjurmarg to cst ?? (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)

train are running on time or not

what is status of 1 : 02 cst train from vasind? (sent from Vasind Stn.)

what about Sion to thane?

? (sent from Tilak Nagar Stn.)

are trains going to Pune started? (sent from Dombivli)

cst kurla train? (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)

is the train on time

are trains crowded? 

cwntral trains running on time ? (sent from Marine Lines Stn.)

is CR slow trains on time ? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

badlapur to thane any update? (sent from Badlapur)

is that true ???

train status? (sent from Airoli)

what about Goregaon to CST?  (sent from Goregaon)

will travel from diva to dadar for first time. how is the rush? compared to Dombivali to dadar?  (sent from Koparkhairne)

please dont reply those who are sitting at home..ww are also watching news..reply only those who are travelling

mumbra to kurla train running smoothly?????????

what is the status bet.karjat to thane

what is status of trains in thane

 what is the situation between Thane to Kalyan (sent from Belapur Cbd Stn.)

train positions kalwa to CST? (sent from Kalva)

any one at Kalyan station now how is the situation??? (sent from Shahad)

what the status of central line?

diva to vasai road ka Kiya status hai bhai???  (sent from Mumbra)

what is the status of train from Dombivli towards THANE (sent from Thakurli)

what about kasara to csmt

where is 10.06 cst local (sent from Titwala Stn.)

what about trains from Dombivali to CST ? (sent from Thakurli)

aaj trn chalu hai kya ? (sent from Grant Road)

is there any fast local towards CSMT 

Whts the status from dadar to karat?

plz scroll up and see Old chat... same questions... I don't know why people like to type.. plz see above messages (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

what is the train status (sent from Kurla)

status of trains towards CST from dombivli? (sent from Dombivli)

what is the status in AMBERNATH 

from where mam (sent from Mulund)

what is train status

Kaha see?? (sent from Mumbra)

is the train for vikroli running? (sent from Charni Road)

what is train situation Kalyan to titwala

what about ghatkopar to badlapur train status?? plz update (sent from Ghatkopar)

what is current status?? 

CSMT to Sion?

kurla to mumbra chalu h kya..?? (sent from Chunabhatti)

I have update in whatsapp, up local are delay, is it true? (sent from Bandra Stn.)

why trains r running late, specify reason. (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

Are trains stopping at Mumbra station? (sent from Masjid Stn.)

trains are working from vikroli to titwala ? (sent from Vikhroli)

mumbra to cst? (sent from Masjid Stn.)

are there any trains for cst from thane guys??

why dombivelli trains stopped (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)

Kalyan to Thane chalu hai kya? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

Are trains from thane to cst side late?  (sent from Thane Stn.)

How much time did it took?  (sent from Chunabhatti)

hi 9.15 local from shahad is running on time ?

what is the statusl (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

what about thane to CST (sent from Kanjur Marg)

all trains running or not  ????

are trains running ? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

what about centre line (sent from Bhayander Stn.)

is Thane CST running? (sent from Kurla Stn.)

why is chat closed?

?

heavy rain in Badlapur ? (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)

what's update of train (sent from Gtb Nagar Stn.)

what happened (sent from Dombivli)

no any one idea what happen  (sent from Bhandup Stn.)

any delays in Mulund ? (sent from Mulund)

has khopli train left karjat station?  (sent from Khopoli Stn.)

wht is the status????

and also what about thane? (sent from Malad)

titwala train chalu hai kya? (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)

Ghatkopar me koi bridge gira hai kya?

any one hv any idea abt badlapur-thane train ? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

bandra train ahe ka...? (sent from Kopar Stn.)

kurla to dombivile running or not ?? (sent from Kurla)

vidyavihar to cst train are working? (sent from Vidyavihar)

thane cst train s are running? (sent from Thane Stn.)

how much time it will take ?? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

CST slow chal Rahi h? (sent from Kharghar)

what is the issue here?

Down trains from kalyn r on tym? (sent from Kalva)

are trains on time in Vikhroli? 

Request you to inform if trains from Khopoli/Karjat are running? (sent from Badlapur)

sion kurla status? 

wht happen in central line ????

R the trains running on time?

any update ????? (sent from Gtb Nagar)

train status from Thane to kalyan?

go through chat once before askin anythin silly (sent from Kurla)

anyone working in HDFC bank? Banks chalu hai Kya?  (sent from Kanjur Marg)

where is 10:38 karjat trains

what about 7:15 khopoli-cstm fast train status ??? (sent from Badlapur Stn.)

hello guys, what about the status of trains in central line? (sent from Cst)

is the train slow in central line ? 

Kalyan to ghatkopar working Kya? (sent from Vithalwadi)

what is the running status of central line

will the metro from ghatkopar function tommorow? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

badlapur to thane  train chalu aahe ka ? (sent from Badlapur)

what kind of issue...?? (sent from Thane)

thane - panvel ?? (sent from Ghansoli)

can you  please  tell me   ghatkopar  to  thane  running  on time??????

what is the position of train are there is no rain & trains running smoothly?    (sent from Thakurli)

is it advisable for one to step out?? (sent from Kalyan)

what ab8 harbour line from thane to vashi or panvel

8:34 asangaon from kalyan..Can any1 tell its status? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

what abt central line (sent from Turbhe)

what are latest train status? by what time difference are they late?  (sent from Kalyan)

age? dressing ? (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)

what is the current setuation in central line

vashi se cst jane wala  train chalu he kya ??

is there any mega blocks in central line (sent from Lower Parel)

cst to dombivali train chalu hai kya ? (sent from Tilak Nagar)

what about Kalyan to cst (sent from Kalyan)

tomorrow morning at 6.45am miraroad station to dadar station is open or not

Thane to Dadar??

Asangaon train is at Dadar Statin only since 20 minutes . What is the problm ? (sent from Dadar Stn.)

thane to kalayan? working? (sent from Koparkhairne Stn.)

Kurla to Thane trains are running Properly or not ? (sent from Bandra)

haw to travel ?

Are the trains working from Kalyan to Badlapur? plz can any one reply (sent from Vithalwadi Stn.)

Teri maa* Ko leke jou kya? (sent from Vile Parle Stn.)

trains running? (sent from dombivli station) (sent from Dombivli)

what is issue?  (sent from Mulund Stn.)

train che kahi problem ahet ka???(sent from dombivli)

what's the status at thane station towards CST station?

are trains working from dadar to khar ? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

asangoan to thane trains are running?

can anyone tell me the status of mulund? (sent from Dombivli)

is it raining there? (sent from Vithalwadi)

towards Mumbai to pune trains running or not ?  (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

train late chalat aaahe ka?  (sent from Kalyan)

are the trains on time from shahad station?? (sent from Shahad Stn.)

heavy rain in kalyan.. what is status of train  (sent from Kalyan)

Kalyan to cst trains are running?? (sent from Mankhurd Stn.)

Kalyan-thane trains available? (sent from Kalyan)

I am at dombivali,what is the status of khopoli, karjat train (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

trains are on time today? (sent from Mulund Stn.)

what is the problem

what abt CST karjat ?

hi any updates of train Kalyan to cstm? (sent from Thakurli)

slow train chalu h k nahi ? (sent from Bhandup)

what is central railway status? (sent from Chunabhatti)

what is situation at sion

what's about train Dombivali to Bhandup its better to travel 

express ka Kya haal he.. Jo kurla se nikti he..??? plzz koi batao (sent from Dombivli)

Hello friends 10.13 ka Karjat-CST train kidhar hai ? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

ट्रेन वेळेवर धावत आहेत का?

what is status thane down (sent from Turbhe Stn.)

 Are trains not halting at Sion? is the Sion route clear? anyone crossed and reached Dadar by local train?

dombivali se mumbai ke liye train chalu hai kya?

what is the status of train movement between Matunga and Sion?

trains from karjat running on time?

ambernath se chalu hain kya??? (sent from Ambernath Stn.)

how badlapur

metro chal rahi hai kya??  (sent from Ghansoli)

ambarnath train ka status kya hai ? (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)

manan kaisa hai? (sent from Nahur Stn.)

thane to neral trains are available?  (sent from Turbhe)

thane se slow trains hai ya fast hai ???

trains running well frm dombivli to thane?? (sent from Dombivli)

Mr Rahul r u on mumbra stn ??

10:57 Kasara at thane... where is train now???  (sent from Thane Stn.)

 sion to down chalu he kya? (sent from Badlapur)

what happend....y trains r late (sent from Mulund Stn.)

is there water logging at sion ? (sent from Vithalwadi Stn.)

is there megablock on Central line on 15 July? (sent from Ambernath)

what is the problem between kalyan and titawala?? (sent from Titwala Stn.)

trns are running or not from cst?  (sent from Cst Stn.)

tumchi pick up n drop service ahe ka? (sent from Cst)

train status from nahur to Dombivli??? (sent from Nahur Stn.)

plz tell karjat la janarya trains chalu aahet ka? (sent from Thane)

can any one tell what is the status at csmt

what is status thane byculla plz tell me

what is the status of thane to CST 

what's update of Mumbai ? (sent from Badlapur)

what is the status of train from ghatkopar to kalyan

Who is want go Titwala please reach kalyan station as soon as possible  (sent from Kopar Stn.)

what's the status of Ghatkopar to CAR? (sent from Chembur)

are train running from kurla to thane???  (sent from Govandi)

has Ambernath fast 4.03 left frm CST? 

5:18 titwala??? (sent from Thane Stn.)

fast Or Slow ? (sent from Bhandup)

cst trains kuchh problem hai kya? (sent from Vidyavihar Stn.)

asnagaon train ky status hai?? 4. 41 ghatkopar se (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

Mulund to dadar are train running on time? (sent from Mulund)

central trains are on time? plz somebody update 

?? (sent from Shahad)

UNR to CST? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

is there a mega block today?? (sent from Mumbai Central Stn.)

how much time take from ulhasnagar to ghat koper 

kurla to Thane???? (sent from Tilak Nagar Stn.)

mulund to matunga jaa sakte hai kya?

what's  the train status  Kalyan to cst (sent from Vithalwadi)

kurla to thane ???? (sent from Gtb Nagar Stn.)

what about train going from CST to thane ??? (sent from Byculla Stn.)

is there  any issues on badlapur

thane to vithalwadi train? 

kasara trains chalk ahet ka...???  (sent from Chunabhatti)

thane to cst where is train (sent from Thane Stn.)

is central line working properly or delayed?  (sent from Khopoli Stn.)

is slow trains from kalyan station to CSMT started ,on time now ? (sent from Shahad)

22105 train is today running ? (sent from Thakurli Stn.)

any fast trains from kalyan to cst? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

what is the running status about train (sent from Mumbra)

what is train status centre line (sent from Currey Road Stn.)

bheed kyu Hai dombivli stn pe?  (sent from Dombivli)

what append to tain standing from 20 min near nahur

Is there any train for dadar on central railway (sent from Badlapur)

what's known train status (sent from Thakurli Stn.)

r tains running from thane to dadar??

what about the ullhasnagar  (sent from Elphinstone Road Stn.)

asangao kasara challenge rahi h? (sent from Mumbra Stn.)

what about train from Ghatkopar to dadar (sent from Andheri)

is it raining in Kurla?

is trains are running?  (sent from Badlapur)

what about kalva

where is ladies special now,I need to know wifey in it (sent from Mumbra)

train are running?

has any fast train towards CSMT left from Ghatkopar??  (sent from Vidyavihar Stn.)

train status from Kalyan?  (sent from Kalyan)

what about today's railway update? (sent from Badlapur Stn.)

mumbra ke liye train hai kya ??? (sent from Govandi)

tracks pe pani bhara hai kya? (sent from Kalva)

rain stopped	? 

ट्रेन चालू आहेत का? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

train chalu aaht ka ? kalyan chya pude (sent from Govandi)

are trains running on time from Dadar to thane? (sent from Mumbai Central Stn.)

sion kurla what position of train (sent from Shahad)

cst - khopoli train chalu ahe ka?  (sent from Churchgate)

hi guys thane se cst kya position hai?

what is the train status from ambevali

what about harber line (sent from Ambivli Stn.)

Dombivali to Mulund train chalu hai kya? (sent from Bhiwandi Road)

are trains working from Titwala to Thane ? (sent from Belapur Cbd Stn.)

What's the status of mumbra station

is there problem for kalyan to thane (sent from Kalyan)

Are trains not running at all?  (sent from Kalva)

dombivli to CST running? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

r u at thane?  (sent from Kurla Stn.)

Where is the Karjat train  (sent from Badlapur Stn.)

sion to Byculla train chalu h kya or safe h kya Jana?  (sent from Sion)

thane to kurla?

train station frm kalyan to ambernath???

RAI ??  (sent from Mumbra Stn.)

train chalu hai ya nhi???

Sir/madam is there any body to chat regarding train status???  (sent from Thane Stn.)

Fast trains from Dombivlik ?

dombivli to cst are trains working? (sent from Thakurli)

kalwa statiom rush??? (sent from Kalva)

what is position central line (sent from Chunabhatti)

Thane to Kalyan trains chalu hai kya?? (sent from Kalva)

curry road to Kurla? (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)

Kalyan train chalu hai kya?? (sent from Sanpada Stn.)

is this true? (sent from Kalyan)

At kalyan Karjat train 9:18 PF no 4 at what time train will be reach ..???

what is the status of Thane -CST (sent from Airoli)

 central line kita ni let hai..?  (sent from Masjid Stn.)

why the trains have stopped does any one know please inform (sent from Badlapur)

kasara local?  (sent from Thane)

what about karjat to thana

how many time'r let to central line train (sent from Cst)

Ambernath to Kurla status...??? (sent from Ambernath)

boss we are not like others who dont care about the world just care about their reservations...

titwada train status pls???

train chalu he Kya cst to kahan? (sent from Sandhurst Road Stn.)

is train working properly??  (sent from Dombivli)

central line ki train time pe hai kya?

mulund se train ka status?

ghatkopar to dadar ??? (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

are trains running from CSTM? (sent from Churchgate)

I'm in a CST fast near Kurla. Are trains going ahead of Sion? (sent from Vidyavihar)

any update on trains? (sent from Elphinstone Road Stn.)

does any road block in thane near station ?

are trains on time from mulund to cst?  (sent from Mulund Stn.)

what is the status of trains from titwala

CST to kalyan train status? (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)

what is the status from dombivali to dadar (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

what about trains from cst to ghatkopar?  (sent from Matunga Stn.)

Check in Western line Chat group. (sent from Rabale Stn.)

Ghatkopar ...Andheri metro working ?? (sent from Matunga Road Stn.)

is all locals are running normal??

Csmt kalyan trains are on time or not? (sent from Bhandup)

are train running from thane to Dombivli in time ?

cst to ghatkopar trains running? (sent from Marine Lines Stn.)

karjat cst train is on time or what? (sent from Vangani Stn.)

anyone knows anything?  (sent from Tilak Nagar Stn.)

Thane to Ghatkopar local train running or not ? (sent from Thane)

check western train chat (sent from Kalva)

is cst fast 6.45am from kalyan? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

current train status ? (sent from Badlapur Stn.)

what happened  (sent from Cst Stn.)

dadar Kalyan trains running? (sent from Shahad)

what abt thane to Ambarnath (sent from Thane Stn.)

why slow train are running slow? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

what is the condition on thane station? (sent from Mankhurd)

what is today's update? (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)

central line chalu hai? (sent from Grant Road Stn.)

 the trains for pune are running on time?? (sent from Dombivli)

Dadar to Thane train?? (sent from Elphinstone Road Stn.)

Virar train ja Raha hai kya ? Goregaon se (sent from Goregaon Stn.)

how about dadar to bandra?  (sent from Thakurli)

ghatkopar to ambernath train chalu hai???? (sent from Ghatkopar)

what is the status of kalyan to thane? (sent from Kalyan)

what about Karjat and badlapur train (sent from Badlapur)

bhai aap harbor line pe chat try karo. aapko info milega (sent from Nerul Stn.)

dombivli to mulund what is status of train? 

cst to ghatkopar 's working?  (sent from Cst Stn.)

sir all trains are on proper conditions naa? (sent from Nilje Stn.)

kalyan to thane..? any delay (sent from Mumbra Stn.)

central line status? 

i heard that 8x won't be supporting AR guns. is that true? (sent from Kopar Stn.)

where is live a train karjat train

Dadar to vile parle train chalu hai kya..? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

tomorrow 's CR Local situation??? (sent from Kalyan)

nahur to Ghatkopar  ??? (sent from Airoli)

What abt sion? (sent from Airoli Stn.)

what staus of thane to ghatkoper  ? which train should i prefare fast or slow? (sent from Kalva Stn.)

 train running on time or they r stooped due to heavy rains ??? (sent from Kalyan)

where has ladies special reached (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

hello ppl what abt karjat kalyan locals (sent from Karjat Stn.)

trains are on time?

hi all.. how is central train status (sent from Dockyard Road Stn.)

CST to shahad tain time pe chal rahi kya? (sent from Marine Lines)

train for CSMT? (sent from Thane Stn.)

wat abt csmt train??? (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)

where is the train (sent from Lowjee Stn.)



amb se thane tak train chalu hai ?? (sent from Ambernath Stn.)

kalyan to kasara? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

how abt the route from cst-airoli via thane (sent from Masjid Stn.)

train status Kya hai?? (sent from Gtb Nagar Stn.)

Deccan express kalyan aake gayi kya?  (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

cat to Kalyan ..train chalu h Kya ?

are train available from Dombivli? (sent from Dombivli)

what's train status today

is there any problem in kurla station  (sent from Vidyavihar Stn.)

what about Dombivli to Kalyan local (sent from Kopar)

when will fast train to Karjat from dadar (sent from Dadar Stn.)

Mulund to vidyavihar train chalu hai kya? ja sakte hai  (sent from Turbhe Stn.)

kalyan to karjat ?  (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

why slow line is so late (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)

khopoli train status? (sent from Karjat Stn.)

ghatkopar to kalyan trains are not stopped, right?  (sent from Marine Lines Stn.)

What is about trains for Pune ? (sent from Chinchpokli Stn.)

curry road to kurla?? (sent from Lower Parel)

Any news about kasara local...? 9.40 from shahad  (sent from Shahad Stn.)

what is position of central railway (sent from Elphinstone Road)

thane to Dombivli running? (sent from Koparkhairne Stn.)

any problem with trains today??

is the central railway working?

Thane se Dombivli chalu hai kya trns??? its time 11.40am (sent from Dombivli)

is central railway working ?

kalyan to badlapur chalu ahe ka? (sent from Kalyan)

thane station towards kalyan status?

are the trains running late in central line?

where is 10:30 titvala train  (sent from Titwala Stn.)

Dura to nagpur time war aahe ka?

any blockge in matunga?? (sent from Ambernath Stn.)

are trains late?  (sent from Matunga Stn.)

shahad to cst train status?? (sent from Shahad)

where is the CST Thane train which is supposed to reach Parel at 6:03? (sent from Elphinstone Road Stn.)

MATLAB thane se cst ke liye thane local sab cancel karke time cover kar rahe hai kya??? (sent from Nahur)

I want to go to airport... Is it safe travelling??  (sent from Vithalwadi)

are trains running on time in central line? (sent from Kalva Stn.)

what is the train staus

there is mega block tomorrow ?? (sent from Tilak Nagar Stn.)

train status from kanjur?

how you manage to reach Thane station 

how about fast 🚆 ghatkopr to thane?

Byculla to Titwala is working..? (sent from Mahalakshmi Stn.)

kalyan to malad????

what is the news of thane train because it is stuck between parel and dadar (sent from Elphinstone Road Stn.)

from matunga train are running properly or not? (sent from Mahim Jn)

????? (sent from Dombivli)

where's badlapur train now ? 10:29 left from CST (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

half hour late hai kya trn? 

should i go out or stay home? 

all trains stopped at diva... fast slow and express... anyone know why?? (sent from Diva Jn)

train status from Thane ? (sent from Kopar)

thane to cst? (sent from Ghansoli Stn.)

is there any water logging on railway track? (sent from Currey Road Stn.)

whether kurla to cst trains are working ? (sent from Tilak Nagar Stn.)

what is status for express from cst to manmad (sent from Bhandup Stn.)

is megablock on central line?

what about Badlapur

ghatkopar to Mulund train working?

what is the current train status between Kalyan and badlapur

status between kurla and dadar? (sent from Belapur Cbd Stn.)

news ? (sent from Dombivli)

it's raining what in mumbai  (sent from Badlapur Stn.)

Hi how is going all trains in central lines

cst fast train update??  (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

अंबरनाथ से मुंबई का लोकल टाईम से है? 

parel to sion???? (sent from Elphinstone Road Stn.)

any one??

koi batayega train are working or not

What about Ambernath  towards  cstm (sent from Ambernath)

thane panvel chalu hai kya? plz koi bataao

train status?

are trains running on Central Route. Badlapur to Kalyan? (sent from Badlapur)

trains for thane to ghatkopar ?

what is todays morning problem, sir (sent from Masjid)

train on tym ahe ka Badlapur to csmt?

10.27 cancelled... 10.41 kurla at indicator on plt 1..this is how smart these railways are and later claim our trains are not late (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

trains from vidyavihar to dadar? are they running fine or is there some technical issue  (sent from Vidyavihar Stn.)

how is train running (sent from Mulund)

Trains chalu hai kya?  (sent from Vidyavihar Stn.)

whats the status from thane to kalyan?

is there any problems at diva 2 karjat (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)

hello frnds. ghar jana haiii.... kya train chalu haiii??? 

is there train running between Kalyan to khopoli

thane to Kalyan? (sent from Thane)

train status??? (sent from Govandi)

r trains working?  (sent from Sion Stn.)

what's the central line status? is it working  (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)

trains from matunga towards thane?? (sent from Vadala Road)

what condition from ulhasnagar to cst (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

Trains from kurla to THANE? 

Is train working from vikhroli??? (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)

cst thane train is working or not? (sent from Churchgate)

central line is active? (sent from Titwala)

badlapur to cst ??? (sent from Ambernath Stn.)

what is the actual time of delay in central line (sent from Thane Stn.)

train is on right time or not 

any dombivli csmt train at this hr? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

are karjat trns running?

is it true?? (sent from Bhandup Stn.)

Roshan.. jaata ki khata?

thane se trains chalra h? (sent from Ghansoli Stn.)

is trains are running Dombivily to thane? (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)

is there any problem in trains? (sent from Dombivli)

trains running? (sent from Chembur Stn.)

whether trains are on time from vithalwadi to dadar? (sent from Vithalwadi)

My auto rickshaw driver told me there are no trains from Kalyan to CSTM. Whats the actual status? (sent from Kalyan)

are the trains late ??? (sent from Dombivli)

kalyan to badlapur trains status ? (sent from Kalyan)

mumbra se kurla tak train chal rahe  hai kya ???

how much late  (sent from Dombivli)

what is the status of trains at dombivali?

is it safe to travel to kurla ?

hey central trainr running?? chincpokli to Sion?? (sent from Gtb Nagar)

what about ghatkopar to cstm (sent from Kurla Stn.)

Is it raining heavily there in Thane? (sent from Shahad Stn.)

Ulhasnagar se Karjat chalu hai kya? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

any water logging between sion and kurla?? (sent from Seawood Darave)

trains are running towards Ambernath? (sent from Rabale)

is der any issue of trains ?

what about from thane to Kurla  (sent from Thane Stn.)

what's the reason for the slow trains 

trains r running from Dombivli to Badlapur..? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

what is train stetus titwal to cst

people who are traveling right now pls inform the status of the trains  (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

thane station war khopoli arrival time kaay dakhawat aahet?? (sent from Rabale)

is slow up local running?

what is the status of trains from kalyan to byculla (sent from Airoli Stn.)

what is central line position (sent from Kurla Stn.)

is there any issue towards to cst in central line  ??

kya problem hai batao to sahi...? (sent from Titwala)

can anyone update from Ambernath to cst station trains running ? (sent from Ambernath)

what is the status of train 9:29 from kalyan to csmt? (sent from Kalyan)

 are trains running fron thane?

what is status of cst to ksrjat (sent from Sewri)

plz say what is status of 8.43 asangoan?? (sent from Thane Stn.)

where are asangaon train (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

Hey this was just announced on govandi station "due to faults in track trains between Matunga Dadar and Kalyan have been closed" is this right ? (sent from Govandi Stn.)

frnds status kya hy.  train late or cancel?? 

cstm to ghatkopar train chalu hai??

What about Thane to karjat train???  (sent from Ghansoli)

kurla pani kitna he ? (sent from Mulund)

how much time required 😠 (sent from Nahur Stn.)

6:37 will shortly arrive at ulhasnagar as I said in my previous message can't believe on this Indian railways so here the train is late by 10 minutes don't know when it'll come! (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)

what about status of train ulhasnager to thane (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)

came or not??  (sent from Thakurli)

working or not

why r trains late nd going slow frm ghatkopar???? on slow track  (sent from Gtb Nagar Stn.)

can anyone update me about aasangao? (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)

ladies special lefl or wat?  (sent from Dombivli)

what is the status of fast train from Dombivali to cstm 

train chalu h kya? (sent from Sandhurst Road)

Trains chalu ahet ka?

 trains from thakurli to kalyan??? 

what the status from ambernath towards CSMT. (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

is lower parel waterlogged?

kurla to thane traim working?? (sent from Tilak Nagar)

megha block timings? (sent from Marine Lines)

what situation dombivali to dadar

Are there slow trains available to reach dadar? (sent from Vidyavihar Stn.)

slow trains are stopping at Currey road or not?  (sent from Sion Stn.)

which train ?

can I go tu Neral .. ?? is there any trains today ?? (sent from Kalva)

what is status for the trains today?

churchgate to Andheri working? (sent from Elphinstone Road Stn.)

 trains running till Dombivli or not?

slow train for CST are running?  (sent from Shahad)

7.52 is on tym?? from bdlapur? (sent from Badlapur Stn.)

डोम्बिवली से टिटवाला??? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

agar baarish ho rahi hai zyaada toh kaam pe jaana zaroori hai Kya??? (sent from Masjid)

what is the position at thane ? (sent from Kings Circle Stn.)

what is the current status of train r they running (sent from Kalyan)

Today's train status?? (sent from Kalyan)

metro chalu hai kya ? (sent from Bhandup)

what is current status of Ghatkopar to Karjat

bhayander to parel ? (sent from Bhayander)

what's about chembur n Tilak Nagar status (sent from chembur)  (sent from Chembur)

what is train status at ulhasnagar

.train is on time or not?? (sent from Ghatkopar)

is there water clogging at Kalyan station?  (sent from Kalyan)

what about local train 

thane to cst chal rai hr kya? (sent from Vashi)

what about up fast train (sent from Govandi)

is all trains are in time ?? (sent from Nahur)

thane to badlapur train on tme? 

is there any recently train left from Kalyan towards badalapur... (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)

what is the status of train Thane to Ambernath 

what is status on kalyan train (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)

what about Titwala route (sent from Titwala Stn.)

6:51 Thane to Badlapur kaha par hai..?? (sent from Ambernath Stn.)

Kalyan to Thane chalu hai??

karjat to cst train chalu hai kya?(sent from karjat STN.)

train running to dadar ? (sent from Airoli)

CST train running or not? (sent from Bhandup Stn.)

where is 8.03 karjat train from thane stn??  (sent from Thane Stn.)

thane to dadar??? (sent from Airoli Stn.)

are kasara times on tym??

if u r travelling in second class it is very safe. not safe in first class. it also depends which direction u want to go. if it's CST no problem at all. (sent from Neral)

cst local on time?

trains are running on time? (sent from Jogeshwari Stn.)

Thane to Vashi whether line is clear???!

trains working or not now then ? (sent from Shahad)

Tula nakki western Varun jayachay ki central ? (sent from Nilje Stn.)

1.29 khopoli kuthe ahe? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

on time?

for airport , villeparle is preferred or Santa Cruz? (sent from Titwala Stn.)

Ambernath to thane ky h update??

are trains running today? (sent from Vikhroli)

What is the status of locals fram Neral to csmt

mulund to cstm is running now?????  (sent from Mulund)

what's the problem? (sent from Dombivli)

Is it safe to travel to cst ? 

was there a train halt between bhandup and Nagpur today?

what about fast locals for karjat (sent from Tilak Nagar)

is it any problem on slow track? (sent from Nilje)

please give me what app number (sent from Govandi)

badlapur to cst? (sent from Badlapur)

how long will we face this ill maintainace of Mumbai Local? These train sarkari authorities have started taking Mumbaikars for granted. every then and now we r facing issues with train. mostly coz of train we r unable to reach home office classes etc late. we pay full amount in tickets and passes (sent from Kalva Stn.)

Mulund to Dadar trains running or not .. ? (sent from Mulund)

badlapur se last train kab nikalenge? (sent from Bhandup)

Bhai Ambernath Local Chalu hai kya ?

Thane to vikhroli trains are running? (sent from Mulund)

Any update for karjast to cst fast ? (sent from Ambernath Stn.)

thanks, any disruption in train service's? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

Dadar to kurla status please?  (sent from Kings Circle Stn.)

thane to panvel train available?? (sent from Bhandup)

sachi...??? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

byculla to mumbra Any update? (sent from Mumbai Central)

seriously?

hi friend ...r train running on central belt ?

pani sachlai ka kalyancha pudhe karjat line la ? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

please tell me all of you when you are in traveling

is ther any train for vikhroli ?? (sent from Kopar)

yes... kalyan 15 car where is it (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

are ambernath to dombivli train working? if s n how much delay?

train status ?? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

when did they inform?? (sent from Kings Circle Stn.)

can u confirm status of train between vidhyavihar to dadar? (sent from Vidyavihar)

Mulund to domb chalu hai kya? (sent from Mulund Stn.)

thane to kalyan trains are on time or not?  (sent from Koparkhairne)

mujhe nasik se kanjur marg jana hai...konse station par utarna thik rahega thane ya dadar..?

at what time train will start from Dadar to titlwala (sent from Dadar Stn.)

any delay between dadar kasara train?  (sent from Malad)

thane ke age train chal Raha hai??

are kalyan to kasara train started???

what is the current status of Central Railway? Is the trains on schedule ?? (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)

from nallasopara?

are trains working from bandra to dadar? (sent from Bandra)

is Kurla to Parel is going well????? (sent from Mulund Stn.)

kitna late h? (sent from Bandra Stn.)

is there issue in fast line as well?

what is the status of local in central

train are running properly?????

any problems  near Thane  or what 

8:23 titwala from dadar .. where it rechd???

is there any problem between kanjur marg to vidyavihar (sent from Kanjur Marg)

is the trains running from Ambernath (sent from Ambernath)

?? (sent from Churchgate)

Trains running between Mulund to Kalyan? (sent from Mulund Stn.)

what about kurla station (sent from Kurla)

whats the status for cst panvel trains? (sent from Gtb Nagar Stn.)

what's the status of trans harbor line

THANE se dadar train Chal raha hai kya?  (sent from Thane)

is train is running between kalwa to CST ??

Thane to Ghatkopar?

badlapur to thank..any idea how's trains are running?

 what status kalyan to CST train? (sent from Borivali)

is kalyan to camt line working? (sent from Kopar Stn.)

what about karjat train... (sent from Byculla Stn.)

are trains working properly from klyn to cstm? (sent from Shahad Stn.)

dadar to Dombivli ka status batao ? (sent from Thakurli)

dadar to badlapur train status? (sent from Malad)

kurla to kalyan train status kya hai? (sent from Khar Road)

ghatkopar to matunga are the trains working?  (sent from Vidyavihar)

are train running in time? (sent from Thane)

any problems regarding local trains between karjat to thane?  (sent from Vangani)

kalyan to thane any updates pls ? (sent from Kalyan)

Is thane CSTM slowtrains running? (sent from Airoli)

what is the status of khopoli train  (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)

what's the status  (sent from Kanjur Marg)

what is the status about central line (sent from Shahad Stn.)

is there any problem after bhandup? (sent from Elphinstone Road Stn.)

what about cstm to ambernath  (sent from Nahur)

what is the status for trains from thane to ambernath ?? (sent from Ghansoli)

plz any one update about ladies spl?? where it is now?? (sent from Vidyavihar Stn.)

11.41 train status??

Mulund to titwala status...? (sent from Mulund Stn.)

for those who want to go to office leave early from the home train are slow but running no issues... for those who want holiday its heavy raining should not risk water on the tracks  

status for Dombivli to Thane?? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

what is train status (sent from Kalva)

slow train chalu hogi kya 7:30 tak? central Line Ki? (sent from Cst Stn.)

is it raining in thanw side? or clear weather (sent from Badlapur)

central line chalu hai kya..? (sent from Kurla)

kurla to dadar ?? (sent from Sanpada Stn.)

what the starus of local train of central line

trains running?  (sent from Thakurli)

What Is The Latest Updates From Thane To CST

what about 9.11 from ulhasnagar? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

are trains running from Dadar to Thane ? 

2.56from badlapur towards karjat had been left from badlapur???  (sent from Vangani Stn.)

ghatkopar to bhandup?? (sent from Malad)

9:55 kalyan -dadar status??  (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

water track ke bahut upar hai kya? (sent from Dadar Stn.)

down local chalu ke Kya? (sent from Kurla)

?

Baroda express kitne baje aayegi ?? (sent from Elphinstone Road)

To railway authority, 8.34 fast  kalyan -cst was already packed befr reaching kalyan just bcoz of such fellows who do down travelling 😣😣😣😣😣😣😣 plz take action against such people (sent from Kurla)

is d vasain dhanu line working?

what's the cause of delay towards CST slow trains? (sent from Matunga Road Stn.)

are trains running? (sent from Dativali)

Central train working properly or not???

are the trains are on time ? (sent from Mulund Stn.)

badlapur to thane train chalu hay?? (sent from Badlapur)

sutti Nahi ka ?? (sent from Kanjur Marg)

are there any trains for Kalyan from ghatkopar??  (sent from Dativali)

what is the status from khadavli to cst????can anyone tell is the train running from khadavli???? (sent from Santa Cruz)

train from thane to Karjat ? (sent from Lowjee Stn.)

are trains running down from Kalyan to CSTM on time? (sent from Kalyan)

what bout Panchavati

is the public transport working in thane

what is status of train

thane to vashi chalu aahe ka? (sent from Mahim Jn Stn.)

Wt about Wr? 

all trains are running properly or not

kalyan to karjat status ?? (sent from Badlapur Stn.)

Chinmay Patil tum par tracker laga diya hai.... necessary action will be taken when found

Are trains working from cst to kurla? (sent from Cst)

what about CST train's status (sent from Bhandup Stn.)

is the rail roko still active? (sent from Dombivli)

trains wirking ok? 

Are slow trains running towards Karjat?  (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)

train are on time?

what is stutars centrel line

kasara train??

vidyavihar to thane train are running?? (sent from Vidyavihar)

Ambernath station la kay announcement hot ahe ?? sanga re baba...  (sent from Ambernath Stn.)

what about trains

is train running from dombivali to word thane? (sent from Nilje)

thane tak trains jaa rahe he kya?? (sent from Chunabhatti Stn.)

? (sent from Ghansoli Stn.)

trans harbour status??

tarin stuck any problem?? (sent from Byculla Stn.)

report me buddy. jo karne hai woh karle. I'm just trying to lighten the mood of people here. what's wrong in it (sent from Kopar Stn.)

Thane to cst trains on time? please anyone?

trains towards CST from ghatkopar?? (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

badlapur se Thane train chalu hai kiya?? (sent from Badlapur Stn.)

train status from Thane? (sent from Kalva Stn.)

guys let me know ki aj offc jana h ya nahi... trains chalu h kya??? (sent from Kalyan)

where is titwala train  (sent from Mahim Jn Stn.)

at what tym is it late??

what is the status of train from kalyan to thane  (sent from Shahad Stn.)

Kurla to thane trains late Aahe ka?

what is the status from thane to kalyan

what is the status of train from thane to kalyan

What is the status of slow trains to Cst? (sent from Chunabhatti)

guya 10.43 kalyan-cst???  (sent from Thakurli Stn.)

what is status of central line trains .. are they on time

has central railway announced for trains running late?  (sent from Mumbra Stn.)

what about cst 

what is the status of kasara asangaon train..??? (sent from Thakurli)

thane to titwala  whats ???? (sent from Govandi)

from  Ambarnath to CST train on time ?? (sent from Ambernath)

gm guys , what's status for Ghatkopar to Dombivli ?

how u know?

kurla to dadar chalu hai kya train?? (sent from Govandi)

fast train towards csmt is available??  (sent from Thane Stn.)

what's status for the Tu kalyan (sent from Kharghar Stn.)

vitthalwadi varun trains chalu aahe ka? (sent from Vithalwadi)

at vangani heavy rain what about thane n cst (sent from Vangani Stn.)

what's is about 9:39 from badalapur (sent from Badlapur Stn.)

trains crowded at central ??

is Train running between ghansoli to Thane ? 

train slowly chal rahi he ki regular..??  (sent from Thane)

shahad to csmt  train running? (sent from Shahad Stn.)

is there is block after kalyan towards kasara (sent from Mulund Stn.)

what is status of kasara fast train. (sent from Rabale Stn.)

sion?? (sent from Andheri Stn.)

are trains working from badlapur to ghatkopar?  (sent from Ghatkopar)

chalu he kya?

trains working fine? 

trains status frm thane to kalyan? any one

 dadar st pe gardi rehti hai kya thane jane wali gadio k liye?? (sent from Borivali)

when train will start stuck at nahur (sent from Bhandup Stn.)

what is the train status

r trains available from dombivli to thane? 

trains are running on time or not? 

train chal rhi hai ya nhi.....???????  (sent from Malad Stn.)

where is badlapur cst 8.03 at dombivli bit not yet announced (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

please update the status from dombivli to cst?  (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

is there any delay in central line trains

what are train status from Kalyan to cst?  (sent from Kalyan)

are you sure? (sent from Chembur)

What happen....  kalva se kalyan jane ke liye train hai ki nahi..... Plz reply someone (sent from Vithalwadi)

is there water logging in sion

if not an emergency no need to go anywhere because I m in Dadar fast which is stuck between ghatkopar and kurla since half an hour

what is the issue in central line ?

train delays..?

which place ? (sent from Dadar Stn.)

ghatkopar to cst?? (sent from Vashi)

10.29 DADAR-kasara status??? (sent from Dadar Stn.)

which train is arriving at cst stn (sent from Masjid Stn.)

cst-thane train???

central trains?? (sent from Dadar Stn.)

dadar thane?! (sent from Matunga Road)

what are they announcing? can't understand a word

11.07 fast from titwala left for cst? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

any water logging at Sion station? (sent from Thane)

water logging kurla pr h kya?

nerul to thane trains shuru h kya?  (sent from Nerul)

Kalyan to cstm train chalu hai kya ? (sent from Thakurli Stn.)

ulhasnagar train?

hi.. is trains are running from thane to belapur ? (sent from Malad)

is the local train on time from kalyan (sent from Kalyan)

thane to kasara train chalu hai kya?? (sent from Turbhe)

why are the trains late (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

from CST to thane?? 

anything problem in koper?? (sent from Dativali)

Btw what is the Status at Pochini?

what about Vidhya vihar to MCST (sent from Thane)

is 10.37 cst fast left from kalyan?? (sent from Kalyan)

Karjat train status?

central trains r regular? frI'm ghatkopar  to Dadar? (sent from Jogeshwari)

train kurla to vikroli is running or not

where is 12:22 cstm local (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)

where is this train now? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

what about central line satus (sent from Kurla Stn.)

kalyan to cst train time hai kya..?? (sent from Shahad)

what kind of accident? (sent from Kalva)

its true?  (sent from Nahur Stn.)

can I go to ghatkopar by road from thane???? (sent from Taloja)

what is the status between kurla to Thane? (sent from Vikhroli)

jogeshwari me train roki h kya? 

kalyan se fast train late hai kya ?? (sent from Vithalwadi)

aaj gadi chal rahi ? (sent from Nahur)

badlapur fast 2.31 from kalyan..are on time?? (sent from Thane Stn.)

pls reply trains working from dombivli to thane???? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

what status titwala to CST fast train... (sent from Titwala Stn.)

Karjat train status? (sent from Dombivli)

is fast trains from Thane to cst are on time?

What time does 9 43 sf vat from  kalyan cross Dombivili while GOING to kalyan? and which platform on dombivili...please reply (sent from Thakurli Stn.)

Now 7.45pm karjat to cstm started  (sent from Karjat)

train chalu hai time per? (sent from Vithalwadi)

when?

asnagaon se train he Kya thane tak?

trains normal now, may interrupt when Maratha Morcha people wakeup and come out for Morchas (sent from Vasai Road)

vithalwadi to cst kset? kiti late or band? (sent from Vithalwadi Stn.)

what is the status of train from Thane to kalyan?  Please reply

Bhandup to Ghatkopar train status ?? (sent from Bhandup Stn.)

are trains working from Dadar to kalyan? (sent from Bhayander)

nitin bhau kuthche ho??

Badlapur to karjat current status ? (sent from Badlapur)

why trains are delayed (sent from Mumbra Stn.)

what about kurla to thane?

is all ok at Sion... (sent from Sion Stn.)

what's the update?  (sent from Cst Stn.)

train status ? are trains on time?

train between dadar to chembur running or not? (sent from Dadar)

Why delayed train 

is the trains are on time ? after mulund

central line fast, what is the status? trains on time?  (sent from Santa Cruz)

Ghatkopar to CST train status??? (sent from Vidyavihar Stn.)

Kalyan - CST on time ?

where is 12.02  CST?? From Khadavli  (sent from Khadavli Stn.)

what about todays train running smoothly or not csmt to ambernath  (sent from Vile Parle)

what (sent from Dombivli)

today are working proper naa?? (sent from Thane Stn.)

khopoli train any update? (sent from Thakurli Stn.)

are trains running between dadar to vikhroli?  (sent from Mira Road)

are trains running on time from kalyan to thane?? (sent from Vithalwadi)

trains late hai kya?

are trains going further of sion?

what is the train schedule  (sent from Dativali)

Ghatkopar to Badlapur all trains working?

Train andheri to badlapur is running on time?  (sent from Santa Cruz)

karjat train timevar aahet Ka? (sent from Karjat Stn.)

train on Time?  (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

what's a status from dadar to ghatkopar

what status cst to Kalyan  (sent from Charni Road)

tu Kalyan se ambernath on time Gaya kya dost ?

whats the status of train...are running on time? (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)

which platform will come 12168 train no

are trains working from Dombivli to Dadar?  

status kalyan Badlapur,? (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)

is there megablock on cr (sent from Kalva Stn.)

what happened to train...  (sent from Thane Stn.)

towards Thane? (sent from Grant Road Stn.)

what do i do m stuck at parel and not even able to reach station due to heavy rains please help n suggest (sent from Elphinstone Road)

why mainline train to Pune cancelled?  (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)

is Fast trains issue from Ambarnath to CST..??  (sent from Ambernath Stn.)

Kalyan to CST train chalu hai kya  ?

due to goods train 8:11 badlapur arrived late and now stop at side. now 8:30 still we r in badlapur when wd reach the destination, this is very rediculas.  (sent from Badlapur)

I also need 8x bro.. so that I can shoot you guys for dng such chats at this time. milega Kya?

hi are trains going past kurla? need to cst from ghatkopar. 

thane to csmt status? (sent from Bhiwandi Road)

how trains r running on central line

are trains on time??? (sent from Kopar Stn.)

kasara train kuthe aahe? (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

mulund to vikhroli?  (sent from Mulund)

what about today's megablock (sent from Badlapur)

what time will train come at vashi for kurla (sent from Vashi Stn.)

what is the status between dadar to thane (sent from Jogeshwari Stn.)

are trains crowded ? (sent from Matunga Road Stn.)

Ghatkopar to sion? (sent from Mira Road Stn.)

thane dadar status??? (sent from Airoli Stn.)

what about asangaon train plz tell me (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

are trains running from cstm?? (sent from Marine Lines Stn.)

r trains running on time? (sent from Karjat)

Central line is working properly..? from ddr.to kyn. (sent from Bandra)

how is the condition between soin and dadar?  (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

Are trains on time today? (sent from Ambernath)

kasara trains on time? 

where is titwala train  (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

where is Karjat local (sent from Dadar Stn.)

hello..friends,Gdmng,Any update from BADLAPUR  TO CSMT trains??

slow line any issues ? no trains at Ghatkopar towards Kalyan since long (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

what happened in kalyan

friends are the trains on time from Thane to badlapur ? is there mega block in central line?

fast locals from Thane to Dadar ?

what is the status of khopoli fast? (sent from Mulund Stn.)

thane to ghatkopar trains wroking ? (sent from Mulund)

Ghatkopar to ambernath train chalu ahet ka? (sent from Ghatkopar)

thane to dombivali trains are running?

thane to CST trains chalu hai kya? (sent from Ghansoli)

what is the status of Thane to Ambernath train? (sent from Khandeshwar)

parel to kanjurmarg whats the status..?? (sent from Lower Parel)

train are running or not

kasara asangaon trains on time ???

what's d status of trains of central line 

how is the situation in ghatkopar station is it crowded

Badlapur cst train are in time?  (sent from Badlapur)

what happened, beetwin Kurla & Sion station on slow line (sent from Tilak Nagar)

what about amravati express (sent from Mahim Jn Stn.)

ambernath to dombivli...are the trains running late?

anyone for pubg? (sent from Thane Stn.)

thane Badlapur?? (sent from Thane)

till prblem between bhandup & mulund ?? (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)

I wanna go to Badlapur.... are the trains regular?  (sent from Bandra)

why reason please (sent from Airoli Stn.)

train is running between thane to karjat?  (sent from Kalva)

?? (sent from Shahad Stn.)

what about karara towards train... (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

where is now 3.07 Karjat fast from Dadar.... (sent from Vile Parle)

what's the status of csmt to dombivli? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

from Kasara train chalu ahet ka ??

how is central slow and fast late

 what's train status now

भाऊ, मुंबई मध्ये सगळ्यात चांगली मिसळ कुठं मिळते??  (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

pl.let me know what is the position of local train from kalyan st. tocst (sent from Kalyan)

is any trains on central line?? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

7:43 Thane Badalapur train status ???

what is train position to  CSTM from Kalyan Station 

bhaiyo cst to ghatkoper train h? (sent from Sandhurst Road)

where r u noq

cst to Thane line working?

what status of central line towards cst  (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

what is the staus train from dadar to ambernath

Badalapur train status? (sent from Parel)

what is the current train status

??? (sent from Dombivli)

what about at evening kanjurmarg to vangani

what's the status for Thane to cst now??

how to status of fast train in down side (sent from Dadar Stn.)

what about central line trains

 what is d problem (sent from Nahur)

what is status from asangaon station to csmt (sent from Atgan Stn.)

Are trains running fine between Kalyan to Ghatkopar? 

what is the platform no.  of jaipur superfast express in borivali?  (sent from Ghansoli)

what is the status of CST kalyan

what's the status from thane to dadar 

Diva Vasai nighali kya? (sent from Kurla)

from kurla to? (sent from Juinagar Stn.)

thane to klyn???????

wats the status of waterlogging on tracks at Kurla Sion? (sent from Kalyan)

where is udyan express at today

what about 12701 dadar  to aurangabad is it cancelled or delay (sent from Ghatkopar)

what is the position of train now 

trains from shahad on time? (sent from Shahad)

vitthal wadi to mulund ?? wats the situation ?? (sent from Vithalwadi)

ia central running smoothly?

is there any train issues for train running towards CSTf from dadar (sent from Sandhurst Road Stn.)

fast ka status??? (sent from Mumbra Stn.)

Are trains running between thane to dadar? (sent from Thane Stn.)

why

are trains running from Thane to Kalyan ? (sent from Airoli Stn.)

thane to cst, trains are running???? (sent from Airoli Stn.)

dadar to Karjat ?

kurla to byculla running?

what about trains between sion to dadsr heard not moving

mumbra to thane?  (sent from Mumbra)

is train running properly towards Kalyan?? (sent from Ghatkopar)

Are fast local from CSTM to KALYAN on time?  (sent from Kurla)

kurla to kalyan train are working?

status of kurla to thane??

badlapur- cstm  trains time to time hai kya..? (sent from Badlapur Stn.)

is it late?  (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

 karjat line chalu ahe ka? 

current situation at Badlapur to karjat?  (sent from Badlapur Stn.)

are trains running from khopoli ?

what about 8.36 Kalyan local

 what's the condition at Sion? (sent from Kalva)

Kalyan se train are running?? (sent from Vithalwadi Stn.)

8.24 slow local from thane is cancelled or not???

what is the problam (sent from Dombivli)

station ke bahar kuch protest chalu hai kya?

how tarin of central line slow or fast (sent from Dombivli)

 hello, train are working ? (sent from Charni Road)

is trains are on time?

trains are running alright between Thane to Kalyan?

are trains going to be shut?

are trains started from till ulhasnagar? (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)

any idea abt diva vasai position?

amernath to Thane?? 

what is the status of kasara to kalyan (sent from Ambernath)

what is status of trains from thane to cst

kuthe bhai on time??? (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)

Airoli to Thane trains running?? 

is there any problem. train is so late

what is the status of Sion matunga stations

are fast trains running on time? (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)

is there crowd in ambrnath side trains (sent from Kalyan)

is the sion to thane line fine?

indicatorin bhandup is showing that next train will be at 12..is this true? (sent from Bhandup Stn.)

what is the status of train from Ghatkopar (sent from Ghatkopar)

 is there available trains between thane to ghatkopar (sent from Koparkhairne Stn.)

dadar to cst running?? (sent from Bandra Stn.)

from dadar to Kalyan? (sent from Borivali)

Dombivli to Thane trains chalu ahet ka ? (sent from Dombivli)

which train? (sent from Ambernath Stn.)

kurla to mumbra status?? (sent from Cotton Green Stn.)

today are the train closed after 8am?

what is the Situation Now?  Has IT started?  (sent from Rabale)

what is status of train in central route  (sent from Chunabhatti)

thane to dadar suru ahe ka??

Whats the status????  (sent from Ambernath)

anyone for walk? (sent from Kanjur Marg)

Kurla to Thane??? what is status nw (sent from Kurla Stn.)

what is the status of kalwa station...

any train left Ghatkopar towards CST or not? (sent from Kurla Stn.)

kal train chalu hai ?? (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)

can we at least go till thane?  (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)

everyone knows that trains are running. so just send those messages which helps other commuters.

Vikhroli to Dadar trains working? (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)

what is the status of thane trains (sent from Malad)

where is asangaon train (sent from Vangani Stn.)

Are trains arriving in dombivili ?

kalyan la train chalu aahe ka?

Hey what's status on kalyan to ghatkopar? (sent from Shahad)

train chalu hai kya? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

does train for kasara running?

bandra to neemkathan  toddy what time go

is it a question  ?  (sent from Koparkhairne)

kalyan to thane trains are working..?? 

train??? (sent from Dombivli)

?? (sent from Thane)

When is cstm train from mulund .I a. waiting for 30 min. (sent from Mulund Stn.)

any cst side train arriving at thane?  (sent from Thane Stn.)

i am vikhroli where is titwala train (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)

what is status thane to ambernath train  (sent from Airoli)

what about ambernath to karjat? (sent from Ambernath)

the problem is in up or down line ? (sent from Kurla)

10:40 karjat Khopoli??  (sent from Lowjee Stn.)

train sahi se chal rahi hai kya ? (sent from Gtb Nagar Stn.)

is it raining heavily in mumbai?

what is train status ghatkoper to airoli bya thane

1.35 train from Ulhasnagar to CST, where is it at present. (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)

kasara trains r running properly?? 

train running on time? (sent from Mulund)

where is 4.22 Badlapur from Kurla? (sent from Kurla Stn.)

thane to Kalyan train is working or not? (sent from Airoli Stn.)

any problem with CR currently? (sent from Airoli)

has karjat left from csmt?  (sent from Dadar Stn.)

I agree.... comparatively western line is smooth...only central and harbour faces all the problems... why so? (sent from Badlapur Stn.)

is there train for cst (sent from Nahur Stn.)

train from cst to Kurla running??  (sent from Sandhurst Road Stn.)

sion to mulund trains working? please answer  (sent from Bandra)

any problem ahead ghatkopar? (sent from Sandhurst Road)

trains to karjat running or stuck at kalyan? (sent from Thane Stn.)

what is train status from thane to Kalyan??

Vikhroli to titwala train chalu he kya? (sent from Vikhroli)

airoli to thane train is running or not?  (sent from Ghatkopar)

Kasara 9.33 thane ka kahan hai? plz update (sent from Kalva)

kyu train band hue kya ? (sent from Kalyan)

is 7:58 Kasara expected on time in Thane????  any updates  (sent from Airoli Stn.)

is train running fine from Thane to kopar?? (sent from Thane)

what's update

No problem for fast trains right ?

what is the train stauts ulhas nagar to cst (sent from Lowjee)

why delay in central line..what happend (sent from Bhandup Stn.)

what is the status of trains from Dombivali to csmt

is a train running on time or not?? (sent from Shahad Stn.)

are Trains down to titwala running on time?  (sent from Kalva)

is there any issue at cst (sent from Kharghar Stn.)

trains are late today? by how much time? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

why are the thank trains late

यार... ye train क्यू chal रहा है? घर pe rukna tha आज... Centra रेल्वे ऐसे kaise time pe chal sakti hai? 😀😀 (sent from Badlapur)

any idea regarding tommorow? 

what about train from badlapur towards cst ??  (sent from Badlapur)

what about Kalyan to Badlapur trains (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)

is it safe to travel from Dombivli to Dadar? (sent from Nilje)

ambernath to thane chalu hai kya? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

where kalyan dadar train reached please (sent from Mumbra Stn.)

What the status, hope trains are running normally. 

trains are running or not? (sent from Dombivli)

where is khopoli train (sent from Currey Road Stn.)

what is the central line position (sent from Churchgate)

how late are the trains running??? (sent from Jogeshwari)

any issues for vashi thane ? (sent from Vashi Stn.)

kalawa to Currey Road train available hai kya??? (sent from Elphinstone Road)

When will be the last train to Mumbra on 29th July 2018 Morning?  (sent from Sandhurst Road Stn.)

thana se cst jaane k liye train hai kya? (sent from Thane Stn.)

what is the situation of train from thane to cst?  (sent from Thane)

are central trains running smoothly till kalwa ??

can any one tell what's the status from Kalyan to badlapur  (sent from Kalva Stn.)

what are they updating????😅😅😅 (sent from Kopar Stn.)

Train Band hai kya.??

Any update on Dombivali cst fast train?  (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

why fast CST trains are running late today? (sent from Kurla Stn.)

Aaj deccan express nahi hai?  (sent from Byculla Stn.)

what about Thane to CSMT 

train from kalyan to CST ? (sent from Kalyan)

how is situation

hello guys, what's the status of trains today from Thane towards kalyan? (sent from Thane)

Are there trains running from ghatkopar towards kalyan side?? (sent from Mahalakshmi Stn.)

are trains moving normally to karjat  side? (sent from Airoli)

sandurst road phochna hai thana main hu pohoch sakta hu kya? 2 taak? 

any update on 7.33 Dadar? (sent from Thakurli Stn.)

badlapur to Kalyan ? (sent from Badlapur)

train between kurla to cst????  (sent from Kurla Stn.)

where is 9.23 KP now (sent from Bhandup)

 train diva to mulund chalo hai ky? (sent from Dativali Stn.)

i want to go kalyan from sion.. trains time per hai kya? (sent from Gtb Nagar Stn.)

what is the status of trains from byculla to thane (sent from Dadar Stn.)

rajya rani express platform no. on thane station? (sent from Thane Stn.)



panvel train is running or not 

what's the states of khopoli cst fast train status  (sent from Ambernath Stn.)

train kiti minute late ahet? (sent from Bhandup)

what is the train status for karjat to ghatkopar?

central line var ahe ka mega block?

are fast trains running from thane to cst??

what's the status of local between kyn and cst ? (sent from Kalyan)

what is status of train from asangaon to cst

Namrata, now where is your train  (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)

did you get asangaon? (sent from Kalva)

Central Line update?

is train is running on time? (sent from Mankhurd)

kalyan fast ststus? (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

train status from badlapur to cst ? (sent from Badlapur)

what abt dadar train 8:53 from kalva?

dadar to Thane trains is running? (sent from Jogeshwari)

is train running from badlapur to dadar? 

Bhai Bhiwandi tak train chal rahi hai kya??

is there any prblm somewhere un kurla ,sion n dadar or it is ok to move in to cst.. (sent from Mulund Stn.)

10.37 CST fast from titwala .. where is train exactly now? left Kalyan or not? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

what about fast trains (sent from Elphinstone Road Stn.)

what about central line from ghatkopar (sent from Ghatkopar)

is train on time from ambarnath to badlapur? (sent from Badlapur Stn.)

kurla to. Dadar is working?

are CST slow from thane on time? (sent from Koparkhairne)

can anyone plz state the current status of trains?? (sent from Sandhurst Road Stn.)

train at diva???

are central line train to Cst working??

Guys, Kisi ne call karke bataya ki train ataka hai kalva par. yaha bol rahe hai ki koi issue nahi hai. is someone actually travelling right now?

badlapur train chalu hai kya? 

what is current train status??

what about kasara trains??? (sent from Kalyan)

is thane to cstm working...??? (sent from Airoli Stn.)

what about Western line ?

what about kurla to cst (sent from Kurla Stn.)

why laye  (sent from Kalva Stn.)

are trains running on time?

central trains working proper ? (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

from Dadar to Dombivli train hei kya?? (sent from Dadar Stn.)

from badlapur to cst? train running? 

train from dadar to cst working?  (sent from Goregaon Stn.)

kasara train?  (sent from Vasind)

are trns wrkng frm ambernath? (sent from Ambernath)

kalyan to ulhasnagar chalu h? (sent from Kalyan)

AN or N train is on time ? (sent from Vikhroli)

what about tomorrow???Will trains be frequent tomorrow???Any update regarding this?? (sent from Ambivli)

form thane to Kalyan side train running on time? (sent from Kalyan)

What is the  status now (sent from Thane Stn.)

karjat trains h?

trains rumming from dadar to thane ?

what is status of train 9:40 for titwala ?

where is khopoli local (sent from Ulhasnagar (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

ambernath cst running ?? (sent from Ambernath)

what is the status of train (sent from Thane Stn.)

is train is running between kanjur and thane?

trains are on time?

Kurla to ambernath train chal Rahi hai kya? (sent from Govandi Stn.)

cst too trains are on time ?? (sent from Bhiwandi Road Stn.)

All trains are working Properly or Not?

thane to cst? (sent from Thane)

trains ka problem hai kya? Currey road main trains up and down aayi nahi hai 10 min se.. (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)

train chalu hai kya?

what about thane to Kalyan train status (sent from Thane)

badlapur to ghatkopar train chalu hai?

where is kasara (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

y r trains late?? (sent from Kings Circle Stn.)

Kalyan 15 coach status??

where is  karjat trn now? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

train is running on time or too much late?

are train working???

any problem at kalyan station..? 

yeah what is status

trains are running or not? (sent from Badlapur)

school and colleges open or not????????? (sent from Byculla Stn.)

from which platform ? To CST kya

1.55 fast train from thane to csmt......what is the status (sent from Cst Stn.)

left from kalyan? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

Mega block News? (sent from Thakurli)

9:46 khopoli gayi kya amb se??

khopoli train ja rhi hai kya? (sent from Thane)

are CST bound trains working normally? (sent from Thane Stn.)

What is the status of 8:13 fast train@ Kalyan user (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

where is ladies special train towards kalyan arrived now?

trains are running? (sent from Nalla Sopara Stn.)

11:58 cst kidhar hai???? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

Ambernath to cst?

Where is cst mast???? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

train CSTM to Thane is working properly ?? (sent from Churchgate)

Any issue at Thane stn? (sent from Vashi)

where's the 5.37 dobivali  (sent from Churchgate)

do u knw me??? buddy

but what problems? 

what is the status of trains from Ghatkopar to ambernath

trains are on time or delayed ? (sent from Titwala Stn.)

Sion to ghatkopar train chalu hai Kya?? (sent from Gtb Nagar)

are trains running from cst to Thane.. and Thane to vashi?? (sent from Vidyavihar)

what's the status of train

dombivali to kasara local on time??...sent from dombivali (sent from Dombivli)

what is status of cr

Is thane CST working?

are trains on time from vidyavihar towards cst ?  (sent from Bhayander Stn.)

anyone from Badlapur stn ?

what is the current status thane to Ghatkopar (sent from Turbhe)

kalyan dadar is late ?

CST to Kalyan? (sent from Churchgate)

any trains from mulun to dombivli? (sent from Kopar Stn.)

trains working?  (sent from Chinchpokli Stn.)

thane se train ka kya status hai ? kitna late hai ? aur thane se cst ke loye chutne vali train chalu hai ya band hai ??

any issues on central line? (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)

is train running from cst to badlapur? 

trains are there from ambarnath to cst? (sent from Vithalwadi)

ऐरोली ठाणे ट्रेन चालू आहेत का? (sent from Airoli)

are trains running properly in central line... from thane to ambernath???? (sent from Koparkhairne Stn.)

is there rush in Mulund ? (sent from Mulund)

updates about the Kasara line if any?? (sent from Mulund Stn.)

are trains working from thane to cst? (sent from Kalva)

dombivali to thane chalu hain kya ? (sent from Dombivli)

ghatkopar to dadar chalu hai ? (sent from Ghatkopar)

Did anyone has information about Vasai Panvel passenger train status?? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

what (sent from Neral Stn.)

are trains on time? Any impact of morcha? (sent from Mulund)

dadar to Thane?? (sent from Malad Stn.)

the Kasara trains are working fine??  (sent from Mulund)

what's the status of ambernath to ghatkopar??? 

trains are running are not? (sent from Thane Stn.)

any updates on central line??

what is train status (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)

ghatkopar to karjat train ???

train delay by how much time ?? till Dadar (sent from Bhandup Stn.)

Are d trains on tym or delayed from dombivli to CST???

कुर्ला पर्यंत ट्रेन चालू आहेत का? (sent from Thane)

lage raho... waise abhi start ho gaya hai matlab??? (sent from Mahalakshmi)

what's the status of Central line  (sent from Mankhurd Stn.)

Ltt to kalyan any update? (sent from Kalva)

what is status about fast track train from Dadar to Thane . (sent from Vile Parle Stn.)

thane to csmt service?

Kalyan ambernath train chal rahi Kya? (sent from Ambivli Stn.)

should  we travel 😉 or not?   (sent from Dombivli)

mumbra to cst train chalu hy ky....?  (sent from Mumbra)

Is central and harbour line running properly? (sent from Charni Road)

are the train working in kasara to cst? (sent from Vithalwadi)

is train running upto thane..? (sent from Kopar Stn.)

koi slow train toward cst jate dikh rahi hai kya?  (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)

anyone has any idea if Kalyan-Badlapur trains have started working?

kasara fast left from Dadar? (sent from Gtb Nagar Stn.)

central slow track pe train hai kya?  (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

trains chalu hai Kya dadar to Kalyan? (sent from Dadar)

Ghatkoper to kalyan.. Trains are working or not? 

what about trains from vashi to thane?

is 9.51 at Thane on time?  (sent from Thane Stn.)

are ghatkopar to thane trains working? (sent from Andheri Stn.)

what happened in slow train between bahndhu and nahur (sent from Bhandup Stn.)

wait what??? I am in auto for station and want to go to thane (sent from Kalyan)

what is the status of kanjur Marg?

what is the status from kasara to Thane track

r trains running now? (sent from Lower Parel)

is there any train coming to badlapur for cstm (sent from Badlapur Stn.)

train status from dombivli to ghatkoper..? (sent from Thakurli)

kitna minute train late hai? (sent from Matunga Stn.)

kulra to kalyan tari. chalu ahe ka ?? (sent from Bandra Stn.)

Kalyan to cst trains are running or not

For all those wondering why trains are late, then answer is "Nobody knows.' Only unbiased answer would be that we pay hefty taxes to government and receive this punishment.  (sent from Nahur)

why are trains late at central 

CST to kalyan?? (sent from Rabale)

Thane to ulhasnagar trains chalu h?  (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

when dombevali train wil start it is stopped from 25min  this train is stucked between nahur n mulund (sent from Nahur)

can you please tell the status of down line trains to Kasara? (sent from Nerul Stn.)

what about panvel dhanu passenger ?

are trains on time? (sent from Mulund)

ghatkopar to kanjurmarg status?

Anyone at Kurla?

central railway on time  ? (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)

Kurla to Currey Road chal Hua kya?  (sent from Nerul Stn.)

nasata train not come at kalyan? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

trains running or not

is there trains for kalyan?????

no rains now at Kalyan..is it still raining at Kalwa, thane?

what about central line? (sent from Thane Stn.)

what is status of ghatkopar to thane?  (sent from Ghatkopar)

what's the status at Kurla station? (sent from Chunabhatti)

what about KALWA to KASARA/ASANGOAN????? (sent from Kalva)

where is 8:43 Asangaon local from thane (sent from Kalva)

any water logging in Kalwa??

are their any announcement at stations? (sent from Badlapur)

Titwala k liye trians chalu kaya? 

status of trains from vikhroli station?

Whats situation at dombivli stn?

Does 10.06 train from kalyan Left?  (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

trains are running...Only with 5/10 mins delay which is normal (sent from Thakurli Stn.)

what u expect (sent from Bhandup)

Thane to buyculla?  (sent from Vithalwadi)

I m in cst 🚆 which is 1 hr let 

where's asangaon fast train  (sent from Sion Stn.)

what is the status of badlapur to kalya (sent from Badlapur)

towards CST ?? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

2.55 fast to cst not yet reached Dombivli?  (sent from Nahur Stn.)

train ka kya scene hai ?  (sent from Kurla Stn.)

Train chalu ahe ka..?? (sent from Badlapur)

what's the current status trains 

thane to cst running or not

dadar mantunga chalu hai kya?  (sent from Vithalwadi)

what is train status from shahad  (sent from Shahad Stn.)

Ambarnath to CSTM train chal rahi he kya ?? (sent from Ambernath)

Fast

train arrived at ambernath?

are trains running from kalyan to cst ? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

fast trains working ??? (sent from Parel Stn.)

there's any issues towards CST train ???

train ka kya scene hai ?  (sent from Kurla Stn.)

ghakopar to CST slow? (sent from Vidyavihar Stn.)

today is my meeting at chembur.what is train status from Dombivli to kurla ?

pls update the harbour line status? (sent from Koparkhairne)

kalyan se thane chlu h train??

train on time?????

from diva what is the status of badlapur slow (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)

? (sent from Khandeshwar Stn.)

trains stopped at thane?? (sent from Kalva Stn.)

What About Thane To Ghatkopar (sent from Thane Stn.)

what is the situation in Powai any idea (sent from Thakurli Stn.)

central lines are operational? if yes, is there too much rush? (sent from Rabale)

done marol Naka I have to go to domestic airport.... train or can? (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)

dadae to thane train is available?? 

ok thanks ..overhead wire broke ? (sent from Dombivli)

Kurla Jane wale train chalu hai??

are trains running on time?

are trains running in from ambernath? 

how late (sent from Ambivli)

Diva -Vasai Trains Are Running? (sent from Kandivali)

ghatkopar to ambernath trains r there?

 is tHere megablock today? (sent from Kalyan)

what is status .badlapur to ghatkopar

10.18 badlapur CSMT is on time or late? (sent from Badlapur)

कोपर मध्ये दिवाळी?? 😂

mumbra to csmt train chalu hai ??

dombivli status?? (sent from Kopar)

Thane to Kasara train status????

what is the rain status nearby AMBERNATH (sent from Mahim Jn Stn.)

what's the status of khopoli  train  (sent from Chembur Stn.)

status of train from ambermath to CST please? (sent from Ambernath)

kurla to kalyan train chalu he kya ? (sent from Vithalwadi)

kalyan to Thane train's are working??  (sent from Thakurli Stn.)

are trains from Ambernath to cstm plying? (sent from Ambernath)

6:55 Kasara local is running on time or delay? (sent from Turbhe Stn.)

dombivili me kya scene hai?

kalyan CST trains working properly? (sent from Kalyan)

Mulund madhe pAus jorat ahe ka?

फास्ट ट्रेन ला प्रॉब्लेम आहे की स्लो ट्रेन ला ?? (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

bhai Ghansoli jaana h trains h kya???? (sent from Jogeshwari)

what is status of water clogging in Mumbra and kalwa

trains are working properly from kalyan to cstm??? (sent from Shahad)

I know asking questions is stupid.. but please can someone last time can confirm are trains working from thane to cst?  (sent from Thane Stn.)

ghatkopar to thane training  running smoothly? 

khapoli k liye train chalu hai kya? (sent from Ghatkopar)

Are trains from Dombivili on time...?? (sent from Kopar Stn.)

which line  problem (sent from Vithalwadi)

CST ke liye???

pls confirm whether trains are running from thane to dada? (sent from Bhiwandi Road)

what is status of central line (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

is there any delay in slow trains?  (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)

kurla dadar ?? (sent from Nahur Stn.)

Central line trains are working fine or running late? (sent from Virar)

Amabarnath ke liye train ranig hai ? (sent from Marine Lines Stn.)

cST train updates??

any train issues??.... (sent from Chembur)

 status of trains from ghatkopar to Kalyan?

Central lines working or not???  (sent from Airoli)

are train towards karjat working..? (sent from Kalyan)

there is any problem with central line or not? (sent from Andheri Stn.)

what about (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

what is the problem between Shahzad and kalyan

is train service halted or running??? (sent from Dombivli)

what the status for cstm to karkat train (sent from Neral Stn.)

Are trains on time?  (sent from Ghatkopar)

dadar to titwaltala train? (sent from Sion Stn.)

whats the status in central line...is the trains running beyond thane?? (sent from Kanjur Marg)

why trains from thane to cst not coming? (sent from Bhandup Stn.)

where is 15 car train from Kalyan (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

is there any problem of train from dadar to dombivili  (sent from Dativali)

vidyavihar to kalyan trains ka status pls?

thane ke aage train ja rahi hain kya? (sent from Dombivli)

is training on tym? (sent from Vidyavihar Stn.)

is shahad to CST trains are running on time? (sent from Shahad)

status from Thane and CST please? (sent from Nahur Stn.)

upto kasara..? what is the status?

CSMT to titwala trains running normally?  (sent from Ghatkopar)

water logging ??? anywhere (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)

10:02 pm Dadar-Kalyan ...Left from Dadar departed late from dadar and now at Bhandup anouncing it as Kalyam local , then at Nahur announcing as Thane ...In train also showing Last destination as Thane...

what abt CSMT to thane (sent from Gtb Nagar)

what is present status 7-21pm (sent from Bandra Stn.)

Is trian are running form karjat to CSMT?  (sent from Thakurli)

how can she slap (sent from Vile Parle)

What is dombivli to thane status?? (sent from Dombivli)

काही प्रॉब्लेम आहे का? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

Thane to ambernath train running ??

what's status

Dear M Indicator admin. remove all those who are spreading hate and disturbing social fabric  (sent from Dombivli)

CST TO THANE TRAIN CHALU AHET KA ?? (sent from Byculla Stn.)

is any issue with thane train (sent from Nahur)

 Those who wish to travel can take safe risk, trains are running, just delayed. crowd is less comparatively  (sent from Bhandup)

train are running? (sent from Bhayander)

CST slow hai kya?? Dombivli se ? Anyone there at Dombivli?  (sent from Kopar Stn.)

thane - dombivli?   (sent from Juinagar)

Dadar to Thane train ?? (sent from Churchgate Stn.)

kalyan chalu hair? (sent from Vile Parle)

what is the status from Dadar to kalyan ???

Dombivali Badlapur? 

trains to sewri running? (sent from Santa Cruz)

any update for titwala to thane? (sent from Titwala Stn.)

kurla to kalyan train running or not??? (sent from Vithalwadi)

are trains running between ghatkoper and cst? (sent from Chembur Stn.)

8:06  thane from ambernath ..status?? (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)

what is the train timing

train chalu hai kya??? (sent from Elphinstone Road Stn.)

why central line stop (sent from Thane Stn.)

kurla to dombivli trains hai kya? (sent from Mankhurd Stn.)

what about train (sent from Jogeshwari)

कर्जत local working or not? 

what about tomorrow train sheduled (sent from Kanjur Marg)

what is the central railway train status? (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)

bhai log central line ki train slow chalu hai kya? (sent from Chinchpokli Stn.)

where is Badlapur train right now I m at ulhasnagar  (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)

what status about central line (sent from Ambernath)

what is current status of train from kalyan to cst  (sent from Dativali Stn.)

train statis from kalwa to Ghatkopar up locals pls??? (sent from Kalva)

trains towards ulhasnagar to cst?  (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

Kurla to Dadar what is status ?

what is the status of train  (sent from Kalyan)

karjat varun CST la janarya gadya chalu ahe ka??

western train r on time???

any problem in between vikroli ghatkopar?  train stopping (sent from Andheri)

what in vashi? plz update (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)

bhai mazak kar raha hai? (sent from Nahur Stn.)

thane to Kalyan??? (sent from Mankhurd Stn.)

are trains on time?

ambernath to thane trains available ?

trains from thane to CST are on time?

train are regular or late in between kalyan to ghatkopar? (sent from Kalyan)

what's the problem between masjid bunder and Sandhurst road. (sent from Masjid Stn.)

 sion kurla what situation

what is the status local  central line (sent from Lower Parel)

what's the status of train ghatkopar to kalyan

any idea on thane to kalyan train?

any update on this?

cath ri8 now wer r u?

thane to diva is working or not?

dombivli stn pe konsa fast tren laga he? 

what current status about Badlapur to cst.? 

train exactly kitne mint delay hai?  (sent from Ghatkopar)

how can u say that from elphiston road....that train are running towards badlapur (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)

down side trains ka kya status hai? (sent from Juinagar Stn.)

Thane karjat current status ?

what is the status of train??  (sent from Badlapur)

sion la janarya train chalu ahet ka ?? (sent from Airoli Stn.)

kalyan dombivli thane jaane wali trains chalu hai na? (sent from Mulund)

what is the status of trains at Thane station?

Is trains are on time from kalyan to ghatkopar?

dhahanu to Panvel is train services are available or not

hello. what is the status of down trains? (sent from Mulund)

are trains working ? 

what is status of 4:30 karjat fast from csmt (sent from Ambernath Stn.)

kalyan to cst train status Plz?  (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)

which matter (sent from Bhandup)

what is the update  (sent from Kalva Stn.)

train's are running on time?  (sent from Lower Parel)

कल्याण से सिएसएमटी ट्रेन्स टाईम पे चल रही है क्या ?

Ghatkopar to karjat trains available ?  (sent from Kurla)

badlapur fast from ghatkopar. what is the current status?  (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

after reaching can you please say what about panvel trains from thane are they running

Are the trains running from Thane to CST? (sent from Thane)

WOW. We have astrologers too who can make such predictions about railways. Can you please post a time table of days so that all kamchor Indians can plan their itienary? (sent from Dombivli)

What is d use of this khophli train always getting late 

post Mulund also trains halts..... nobody knows what happened exactly  (sent from Thane)

any information on if buses and autos are running in thane ?? 

IS SION - THANE line is functioning normally? (sent from Sion Stn.)

kalyan to cst? (sent from Kalyan)

so did the water got logged anywhere?

train chalu aahet ka ???

what is currant status of central line, train r regular or late ? (sent from Vile Parle)

are trains on time? (sent from Shahad)

trains are working fine? (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)

distance between kalyan to dadar ?

what the status at badlapur

are all train running timely or not ? (sent from Churchgate)

Username Mill sakta hai? if we lose a match i will create accounts as advised.😆 (abhi reply nahi ayega😂)

is there train from thane to cst (sent from Rabale)

CST to Kurla train Chalu hai kya.? pls Replay 

are trains running normal between Thane and Ghatkopar?  (sent from Ghansoli Stn.)

are trains working? from Kalyan towards Dadar? (sent from Shahad)

can someone pls confirm if there is any water logging issue in thane or kalwa ? (sent from Dombivli)

is there any train running for kalyan (sent from Goregaon)

tna to kyn status..? (sent from Kalva)

what's the issue plz sent msg (sent from Nahur Stn.)

what about from dadar to Kalyan side (sent from Mira Road Stn.)

bandra se churchgate chalu h Kya? (sent from Khar Road Stn.)

thanks everyone for the which we really need

any updates towards kasara side?? (sent from Airoli)

what do you think?😂😂😂 (sent from Dombivli)

has central railway announced for trains running late?  (sent from Mumbra Stn.)

Is any issue on central line? (sent from Badlapur Stn.)

ohh?

what and where was the problem?  (sent from Mulund)

trains for cst slow are late? (sent from Mumbra Stn.)

is it working or not?  (sent from Thane Stn.)

guys what is the status from thane station 

just hug Central Railway?  train halted at vikhroli! 

What problem between kalwa and mumbra station  (sent from Thakurli Stn.)

do u have any idea on which platform do mandovi express arrives (sent from Vile Parle)

what status KYN to CST  (sent from Vithalwadi)

central line train status?? (sent from Neral)

When i was typing to Boss ... He suddenly Replied kuch bhi type kar Offoce to aana hi padega... #mumbairain (sent from Karjat Stn.)

what is the condition for up line

what is status for Diva to kurla  (sent from Dativali Stn.)

any on 7:28 from CST where its? (sent from Kurla Stn.)

what about thane  (sent from Airoli Stn.)

kay situation CR? (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)

what is problem in slow local towerd Kalyan? (sent from Thane)

train stuck what problem do not know. (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)

Train status from Titwala to CST??? (sent from Titwala Stn.)

what the hell always train late in central line  (sent from Kurla Stn.)

Central lines ki train chalu h??  (sent from Goregaon Stn.)

what about Karjat and titiwala (sent from Thane)

 what is the thane to badlapur train status

Thane to Kalyan train? (sent from Nerul Stn.)

at thane station,waiting for  kasara train at pf2. is the train crowded? (sent from Thane Stn.)

fast train bhi late he kya?  (sent from Kalva)

सीएसटी ते बदलापुर लोकल चालु आहे का ?

trains from diva to kurla are running or not? 

kalyan stetn la ahe karjat train kuthe ali ahe ??? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

can someone just go and ask the station manager whether the trains will be functioning good or not? (sent from Vikhroli)

is thane to cst route running fine?

how to reach Khandala from Santa Cruz airport? (sent from Vile Parle)

central line still running or not? (sent from Parel)

Ambernath to CST trains are running? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

,current status ? (sent from Dombivli)

suvida express Nikki kya CST se? (sent from Thane)

Kalyan to thane status? (sent from Kalyan)

This is for train status, not a weather channel ! Ask your friends or family who live in Dombivali or check on the internet (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

trains are running from Mumbra to cst? (sent from Mumbra Stn.)

what is the current situation of central railway (sent from Thane)

are there trains from kalyan to Kurla..?  (sent from Shahad)

which side have problems...Up or Down? (sent from Dadar Stn.)

Khopoli Fast local departed from CST? (sent from Chunabhatti)

what is d train status from asangaon to dombivli 

what's the status between Thane and dadar??

dombivali to CST chalu hai kya??? (sent from Kopar)

mumbra K sttn pai gardi Hey kya? (sent from Mumbra)

are thane to dadar trains running on time?

kurla  to dombivli trains are running or not?  (sent from Tilak Nagar)

status from dadar to thane? 

what is the status of slow train  (sent from Vithalwadi)

what staus of thane to ghatkoper ? which train i prefare fast slow? (sent from Thane Stn.)

are trains running on time ? (sent from Bhandup Stn.)

are trains working towards ambernath?  (sent from Elphinstone Road)

central line trains are running or not?

Kalyan to badlapur train status? (sent from Kalyan)

what is CR current update ?

on which stn? (sent from Nahur Stn.)

dadar totitwal train chalu hai kya?  (sent from Dadar Stn.)

what happened? (sent from Bhandup Stn.)

anyone wiling to join me in ola for kalyan to sakinaka? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

Whr is the karjat or badlapur train? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

trains are running right??  (sent from Mahim Jn)

update for thane to cst??  (sent from Vidyavihar)

is khopoli cstm fast on time?  (sent from Shahad)

where has Deccan Queen reached 

is there mega block from ghatkopar towards kalva

r u mad it's a train chat (sent from Thane)

Are there any trains from Dombivali to Ambarnath? (sent from Thakurli)

trains running without halt?  (sent from Dombivli)

Ghatkoper to mulund chalu hai? ????? (sent from Chembur Stn.)

thane Ghatkopar... kab tak ayega thane?? (sent from Belapur Cbd Stn.)

hi whats is status from vitthalwadi 2 ghatkopar?

Trains from Ghatkopar to CSMT running properly ?

were is karjat train ? (sent from Vangani Stn.)

thane to cst ?? (sent from Thane)

who are these stupid people talking about other lines. please talk only about central line here. (sent from Koparkhairne)

2:42 csmt to asangaon train csmt se nikli kya? (sent from Byculla Stn.)

what is the situation  (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)

it ha nearly about 1.15hrs passed, trains are running like turtle...what rectified (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)

are trains running in time from dombivli to cst? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

what's is train status (sent from Thakurli)

Stuck at kalwa dont no why (sent from Thane)

what is the condition of train from Kalyan to asangaon

whare is the khopoli train now? (sent from Karjat Stn.)

any updates from thane to domb? (sent from Airoli Stn.)

Are the trains delayed? (sent from Mumbra Stn.)

Can Anyone Give me Staus frm Khopoli Station??!🚟🚟⁉️❓❓

Thane To Shahad Trains status ? (sent from Thane)

trains on time? (sent from Mulund Stn.)

thane ambernath running? (sent from Airoli)

what is the status of Thane to karjat (sent from Vashi Stn.)

Train chalu hai kya?

kalwa  thane stn la pani sachla ahe ka?? (sent from Kalyan)

where r khopoli train (sent from Neral)

Ghatkopar to cst Kya situation hai?

How much is the delay for CSMT bound slow local trains on Central line?   (sent from Vashi Stn.)

From Thane 8.28 Badlapur slow train any update ? (sent from Badlapur)

what is the current status of train from thane to kalyan

where is ambernath train now  (sent from Ambernath Stn.)

Kalyan -thane?

15 car kalyan cstm fast status? (sent from Thane)

what about thane to diva (sent from Rabale)

is there any umbrella shop in Thane? (sent from Rabale Stn.)

Haan Kya situation kalva ka??? (sent from Chunabhatti)

are train running on time? (sent from Kalyan)

train status towrds karjat are on time or not? (sent from Dombivli)

where is now panvel vasai train now (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

what is postion badlapur to cst pls inform

are trains running between Dombivli and Mulund ? (sent from Kopar Stn.)

What is the status of train?  (sent from Dombivli)

ghatkopar to byculla is working?? (sent from Vidyavihar)

what is status of ambivai to cst trains (sent from Shahad Stn.)

Are Trains from Ulhasnagar to CST running? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

Kurla condition ? (sent from Chunabhatti Stn.)

where is kalyan 15 car? (sent from Kurla Stn.)

hi friends what's the latest news of Central news  (sent from Elphinstone Road)

what is the status from Ghatkopar to thane

what is local status of central railway (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

purna pani brlela ahe ka ?

Kalyan to cst train status? (sent from Shahad)

asangaon k train chal rhe h Kya?? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

Are Central Line trains running? (sent from Masjid Stn.)

where it reached now? (sent from Thane Stn.)

what is status of trains from badlapur  (sent from Badlapur)

thane to csmt?

Dombivali to sion status?

is there any train from badlapur ?? (sent from Ambernath)

are trains running towards CST to Titwala?  (sent from Churchgate)

is there any delay to cst train from thane? 

r train running from cst to kalyan  ?? (sent from Sandhurst Road)

ghatkopar to dombivili route me train chal rahi hai.? reply urgent  (sent from Goregaon)

those who're thinking that they can't travel in this rain.. they must not leave there home . .... experiencing everything is normal ... travelling towards CST. Till now reached thane (sent from Thane Stn.)

why trains are working today i wanted to take holiday😭😭😭 (sent from Shahad)

Vikhroli to thane train is working??? (sent from Vikhroli)

kasara train is on time or not?  (sent from Dombivli)

is it affecting only slow tracks? (sent from Airoli)

what is the status of trains for karjat khopoli from dadar (sent from Sewri)

panvel to thane chalu h kya ? (sent from Panvel)

what 's  the  problem slow train not run (sent from Mahalakshmi Stn.)

10:57 kasara....kidar hai abhi? (sent from Thane Stn.)

Trains r working or not?? (sent from Byculla Stn.)

Are the trains affected due to rains today?

status from shahad? (sent from Shahad)

anyone can from kyn pls update whether 6.52 amb local left from kyn ??? (sent from Ambernath Stn.)

is there  any train runnung? from badlpur to cst? at any time?

From CST to Kalyan train is running late??? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

current status ? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

what about Badlapur to karjat (sent from Badlapur)

trains available from Ulhasnagar or no? towards cst? (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)

are roads functional at Miramar or not? (sent from Kopar Stn.)

cst --kurla trains are running??

what due to fatak clearing trains are stop?  (sent from Kalva Stn.)

train are running or not ? (sent from Kalyan)

dadar to thane chalu he kya??

Thane to Ulhasnagar trains h Kya? 

update of 4:35 pm Megablock ended all 3 lines... Western line all local are running time.. some local are running 5 min late.. Central railway  are running 15 to 20 mins late... and all local are working as Sunday scheulded..no issue any where...Harbour line are also running 10 min late... (sent from Vangani)

friends what is status of train after sion towards csmt (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

train status?? (sent from Virar)

how r u guyz

Are trains running on time?

what is the status of train  (sent from Vithalwadi)

where 10.42 badlapur train? (sent from Dadar Stn.)

what about Badlapur are trains running on time?  (sent from Badlapur Stn.)

kalyan karjat status ??? (sent from Santa Cruz)

dadar to kurla trains r running kya ?? (sent from Goregaon)

train stopped between shahad and Kalyan Stn for 30 mins, any update?  (sent from Shahad Stn.)

Dombivli to ghatkopar train chalu hai kya?? (sent from Dombivli)

what is status of churchg (sent from Bhayander)

someone tell about thane plzzz is it raining there??? (sent from Badlapur)

why are all trains being cancelled in thane? (sent from Thane Stn.)

7.14 @dombivli jo Karjt train hoti h...kidhar tak pohochll gai???

kalyan nitr train chalu aahete Ka? (sent from Kasara Stn.)

Kurla to CSMT trains are on time?

is train coming from thane to cstm? (sent from Mulund Stn.)

diva to cstm train update ?

what's the status on Kalyan train

guys any info about.. metro from ghatkopar.. rush hai kay??  (sent from Karjat Stn.)

karjat cst trains are running properly or not? (sent from Karjat Stn.)

Thane to CST trains are on time? (sent from Nahur)

what abt 9:14 Asangaon train at shahad (sent from Shahad Stn.)

is this true (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

please update from thane station??  (sent from Thakurli)

vasai to kopar local chalu hai kya?

what happened  (sent from Bhandup Stn.)

is there any delay in trains from thane to Ambarnath? 

transharbour still down? (sent from Airoli Stn.)

status for thane to csmt ?? (sent from Thane Stn.)

what is the status kasara  (sent from Bhandup Stn.)

what's the status for Kalyan from dadar (sent from Vile Parle Stn.)

pls anyone those who are travelling pls update (sent from Vile Parle Stn.)

what about kurla to kalyan 

diva vasai trains are working?  (sent from Ambivli Stn.)

Where is the 12. 47 टिटवाळा लोकल is timing on कल्याण  (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

any updates?  (sent from Neral Stn.)

who told about this (sent from Chunabhatti Stn.)

Ghatkopar thane ? (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

bhai kya haal hai train k running status ka...?

what is the issue guys any idea

उल्हासनगर से CSTM train चालू है जी? 🙏 (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

kasara ke liye   train on time hai kya? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

is train running to cstm?

train chalu h? (sent from Mumbai Central)

any cst going train coming to mulund?  (sent from Bhandup Stn.)

ghatkopat to titwala trains working? (sent from Andheri)

how late are central trains? (sent from Byculla Stn.)

hi what is status in thane (sent from Thakurli)

any update if trains are running proper ? (sent from Thane)

 what is the condition of ghatkopar

what is the current status please (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)

any update??

is central line train on time...? (sent from Bandra)

where is csmt fast train

dadar to kalyan train ?? (sent from Dadar)

what is d frequency of train from Dadar to ghatkoper (sent from Matunga Road Stn.)

what should be the age of senior citizen to avail earmarked seats benefit. (sent from Dombivli)

What happened people. Any news,? (sent from Nahur Stn.)

Kurla to Kalyan running??? (sent from Chembur Stn.)

how is the crowd in trains ?

are trains running from kyn to thane. ????

8?25 thane CST fast has left from thane station? (sent from Mulund Stn.)

kalyan to dombivli ? (sent from Thakurli)

what about kalyan to cst

fast N reached Mulund ? (sent from Nahur)

are trains running ? (sent from Dombivli)

where is 11:41? from badlapur (sent from Badlapur Stn.)

how's thane to Kalyan? (sent from Thane)

are trains running properly?

what about kasara to dombivli? 

what status kalva to kalyan (sent from Vithalwadi)

kurla to cst train chalu hai?? (sent from Bhiwandi Road)

are train running? (sent from Elphinstone Road Stn.)

Is train from Kalyan are running towards CST? (sent from Kalyan)

kurla se thane train chalu hai kya? (sent from Nerul Stn.)

Thane - kasara trains are running timely or not? please inform  (sent from Rabale Stn.)

what is status Dadar to thane (sent from Dadar Stn.)

what about thana to dombivli? (sent from Thane)

has ladies special left from CST?? (sent from Khar Road Stn.)

Tom is megablock toh trains kitni der late ho sakti h tell me? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

thane ka vo momo wala hai kya? (sent from Ghansoli)

did the khopoli fast train depart Dombivli station??

Are trains working from dadar ? (sent from Byculla Stn.)

any updates? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

train chalu h?

12:51 for cst left from Ambernath??  (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)

how is kalwa (sent from Kalva)

CST to karjat train r running or not???? (sent from Byculla Stn.)

where is khopoli train (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

Dadar to Kalyan local working? (sent from Vikhroli)

is on time ur ? or your  are answering? (sent from Kings Circle)

Are trains running from badlapur to cst?? (sent from Badlapur)

current status plz.?? (sent from Mumbra Stn.)

trains started in kalyan?? (sent from Andheri)

Is slow train running on time ??

what is the status of Badlapur - Thane train?? (sent from Thakurli Stn.)

what time our Karjat train teach at thana (sent from Mulund)

what is the status of 8.27 train from karkat to csmt?? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

but what about Kalyan dombivli trains are too much late and too much rush ....... (sent from Ghatkopar)

same case for slow trains also? (sent from Kopar Stn.)

what's d status of trains from Kalyan to Dadar plz?

R trains running from CST to Kalyan? (sent from Kings Circle Stn.)

thane to cst train chalu hai kya..?

whats the status from cst to kurla?

status at bhandup station? (sent from Nahur)

what about down local ...? (sent from Kurla)

Kal CLG ko holiday milegi Kya due to heavy rain and water-logging?

what karjat track problem (sent from Vithalwadi)

are trains running from kurla to thane ?

mulund to cst any update? (sent from Mulund)

what about ambernath to thana route?

?? (sent from Vithalwadi Stn.)

did Kalyan CST train left from Kalyan? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

is there an over head wire issue between vithalwadi to Kalyan? r trains running

what is current status from Dombivili to Thane

kumar, ghansoli stn vra kay hal aahe?

is there running any train kalyan to thane??

what is status of train sent from thane (sent from Thane)

bhandup to cst??  train working on time?  (sent from Bhandup)

which khopoli? (sent from Kopar Stn.)

so you mean rest are good we didnt had problem when they were elected

guys please update the status Ulhasnagar to cst chalu h kya??

guys road is block in teen hath naka lokmany in thane is it true?? (sent from Badlapur)

kharghar to thane trains are working or not?? (sent from Kharghar Stn.)

are train running between karjat to Thane? 

what is the  status of trains from kalyan

how was train possion (sent from Parel Stn.)

no answers ?  (sent from Masjid Stn.)

what is status of trains from Dombivli ? are trains on time ?

anybody at thane pls reply? (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)

??????  (sent from Kalva)

is there train from ghatkopar to parel (sent from Ghatkopar)

bhai log trains chaalu hai kya?  (sent from Vidyavihar)

what about panchvati express at 6.15 to Nashik?... Is there possibility of it getting delayed (sent from Andheri)

cst to thane???? (sent from Grant Road)

what about trans harbor line? It's running pon time or not?

aaj barish Jyada hone k wajehse central line ki local chalu hai?  (sent from Mulund)

train are late??? (sent from Malad)

are you asking or informing ? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

status of train from ghatkopar to cst? plz update (sent from Ghatkopar)

cstm to Amb kay status he? (sent from Mahalakshmi)

Dadar to Thane?? should i leave home (sent from Charni Road)

Hi can anyone update the Badlapur to Ghatkopar train status?  (sent from Ghansoli)

will i get 1:53 karjat fast from thane on time? (sent from Thane Stn.)

there is a man who is clearly drunk in the ladies compartment and misbehaving, shouting. what should be done?? (sent from Vidyavihar Stn.)

thane to cst train working? 

r train running ???? turbhe (sent from Turbhe)

thane ch rail roko kadhla ka?? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

train are on time? (sent from Karjat)

 what is vasai to panvel current situation.?.

khopoli ?? (sent from Badlapur Stn.)

Ghatkopar to Kalayan trains are available?  (sent from Vadala Road Stn.)

Kasara Semifast train kuthe ahe? (sent from Mulund Stn.)

are trains running late and how much?  (sent from Badlapur)

thane 7.28 train running?

are the trains towards cst running fine? (sent from Airoli)

kasara train chalu ahe ka thane to kasara?  (sent from Thane Stn.)

are train running from cst to kalyan?  (sent from Churchgate)

Dombivali to CST  train chalu hai kya?? (sent from Dombivli)

why trains are delay in Thane 

hi what happened at sion , anybody at Sion now, pls tell (sent from Thane)

Karla to thane what is status ? plz reply (sent from Khar Road)

trains from mulund to cst? (sent from Mulund Stn.)

what about Kalyan to CST

wht about kalyan?? (sent from Marine Lines Stn.)

are trains running on schedule???

Down trains from kalyn r on tym? (sent from Kalva)

train status from Kalyan? (sent from Shahad Stn.)

has anythng happened near vashind or titwala?

train time pe hai Kya ? (sent from Dombivli)

what's the exact status 

bhai coma ","  question mark "?" iska istemal karo.. kon puch raha he ya bata raha he samaj me nahi aata.. (sent from Ghatkopar)

what status thane to badlapur local (sent from Rabale)

ghansoli thane trains r running ? (sent from Koparkhairne)

ghatkopar to cst trains? (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

thane train crossed byculaa??  (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)

trains from Thane to CST status?

what's status of trains (sent from Bhandup Stn.)

dadar me best chalu h ?

what is train status ... from Dadar to Kalyan?

sion se titwala train chalu  hai kya? (sent from Titwala Stn.)

do we have regular trains for Kalyan today? (sent from Malad Stn.)

are trains running from dombivli??

there should be an option of groups for all station separately so that it will be easy to know what is status (sent from Mahalakshmi Stn.)

what about Badlapur, train are in time or not (sent from Badlapur)

were u want to go???  (sent from Mulund Stn.)

what is the status of train from karjat to cst (sent from Neral Stn.)

Please let me know is Trains are working for Airoli? (sent from Kandivali)

updates please trains ???

what about kurla (sent from Karjat Stn.)

train chalu h kya?

cst kurla train is working? (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)

what about thane to kalyan (sent from Kalva)

next train ghatkopar to Thane ??? (sent from Vikhroli)

sir BSL express today 9:00 am train are on time or not

which train is on display. plz (sent from Mahim Jn Stn.)

Dadar cross kar rahi hai kya trains going for CST ? (sent from Kurla Stn.)

?

how much is the fare from Kalyan to Thane

what is the status of trains from dadar towards Thane? (sent from Vadala Road)

where is ladies special now (sent from Sion Stn.)

are central line trains on time ?  (sent from Bandra)

thane to ulhas or shahd?

rail roko shuru ? (sent from Ambernath Stn.)

dombivli te ghatkopar train chalu ahet ka ???

what is the exact problem  (sent from Mulund)

down side trains kaise chal ri? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

anyone at Vikhroli?? are trains normal? as per the schedule (sent from Vikhroli)

CST to Kalyan line chalu ahe ka? (sent from Bhandup)

Can someone confirm. train status from Mulund ? (sent from Dombivli)

i want to go to Byculla. trains  chalu hai? (sent from Matunga Stn.)

CST to Thane train chalu hai Kya??? (sent from Masjid Stn.)

cst to kalyan train chalu he kya? (sent from Kalyan)

are trains running to sion?  (sent from Goregaon)

train statas? (sent from Churchgate)

almost delay but dont know which platform the train will come  (sent from Kalyan)

how central local line running today

Karjat train status ??? (sent from Neral Stn.)

water  logging is there between Bhandup  to badlapur???  (sent from Nahur)

are train running from mumbra to cst? (sent from Bhandup Stn.)

locals are ontime or any delay ?

what is trn status (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)

What abt Sion station ? (sent from Sion Stn.)

how delayed?

dadar to Kalyan what's position (sent from Kings Circle)

what status between kurla n dadar (sent from Khandeshwar Stn.)

matunga main overhead wire break hui hain kya?  (sent from Airoli)

Why r trains late (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

what is current status of central railway (sent from Vangani)

what status about thane station?  (sent from Goregaon Stn.)

can u tell me d timing i mean which kasara (sent from Titwala Stn.)

what about trains from platform number 1?are they cancelled?  (sent from Kalva)

kitna late chal rahi hai trains? (sent from Malad Stn.)

what fast train status from ulhasnagar station to thane station  (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)

उद्या सुट्टी मिळेल का??? (sent from Badlapur Stn.)

what is positioning of cst trains (sent from Seawood Darave Stn.)

train problem solve or not? (sent from Dombivli)

Dombivli8:22 khopoli fast train status ??? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

vasai to panvel trains chalu hai kya..?? (sent from Bhiwandi Road)

Bullet train chalu hai kya? (sent from Airoli Stn.)

what about train status from diva to ghatkoper ??pls give the reply any one (sent from Diva Jn)

Kakyan to cst trains are running ?

trains in central line are on time kya?? (sent from Thane)

cst varun trains ahet ka??? (sent from Cst)

why train late? 

what is status of sion (sent from Kanjur Marg)

where (sent from Gtb Nagar Stn.)

what's issue with slow track (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)

what is the condition of trains from dadar to vikhroli?  (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)

is parel mulund route on time??

what about down line from Mulund to reach @kalyan

kalyan to malad?? trains are on time or nt

kalyan se ghatkopar chalu hai ??

bro is there any fast train coming from kalyan? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

6 32 train hasn't yet arrived at thane station any update where the train is?

Badlapur to Ghatkopar chalu hai kya? (sent from Badlapur)

are trains running frm thane to dombivli ? (sent from Thane)

7:28 kasara when will it arrive at kalyan satio (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

are train working from kalwa to dadar ? (sent from Kalva Stn.)

karjat to cstm train working??plzz guys infom.. 

mumbra To Cst Train chalu h kya.?

where is karjat train (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

what is status for diva to thane (sent from Mumbra Stn.)

are all the trains in the central railway timely? (sent from Palasdhari)

why this slow this train (sent from Vikhroli)

Parel to kanjur trains status? (sent from Currey Road)

any trains towards karjat? 

what is the status from shahd towards cst??? (sent from Shahad)

bhandup to cst trains on time??? (sent from Bhandup)

what about trains schedule at DOMBIVLI  (sent from Masjid Stn.)

ठाणे?? (sent from Matunga Road)

train chaluu hai kya?

kalwa say chalu hai trein? (sent from Kalva Stn.)

where is the issue? (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

train status from kurla to ambernath??? (sent from Chunabhatti)

is it true? (sent from Parel)

what is the status of kasara fast Train? (sent from Thane Stn.)

thane to Vikhroli train status please??

train for kasara line chalo hai kya ?? (sent from Ghatkopar)

any issue from kalyan to cst fast train??  (sent from Vithalwadi Stn.)

what's the condition in thane station??

Took Thane train from CST which left at 04:41 PM and reached Mulund at 05:41 PM. So trains are running smoothly between CST and Mulund with slight delay (sent from Mulund Stn.)

Trains running in Karjat and Badlapur or not ? (sent from Badlapur)

where is the train (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

trains are running from Thane to Kalyan? (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)

what is the status of central line 

wr is karjat train? (sent from Ambernath Stn.)

what about train from Kalyan to cst

vidyavihar to thane ? are trains running? (sent from Tilak Nagar Stn.)

Ghatkopar to cst?? (sent from Ghatkopar)

Train chalu ahe ka vidyavihar kalyan ? (sent from Vidyavihar Stn.)

what the status of train from Kalyan to cst (sent from Dombivli)

hi guys what's the situation in Matunga? (sent from Nahur Stn.)

can some one tell pls what is the issue at Dadar  (sent from Sion Stn.)

any train issues?? (sent from Dombivli)

what is the status of trains from kurla to wadala..

what is the status from thane to kalyan (sent from Koparkhairne)

what happened Ambarnath slow standing last 15 minutes (sent from Chinchpokli Stn.)

Kalyan to CSTM...is on time?

what is the status between csmt to vikhroli (sent from Charni Road)

Is it working fine from thane to kalyan? (sent from Matunga Stn.)

Is the train is running towards Kalyan side (sent from Kalva)

train statua from mulund to cst?  (sent from Mulund)

is there any train from mumbra to cst 

are trains running from kalyan to thane ?

how about mumbra to kalyan. pls let me know if trains r on time

are trains safe?  (sent from Panvel)

is train running from karjat to kalyan? (sent from Neral Stn.)

can anyone tell train status towards cst? (sent from Kopar Stn.)

thane to cst ? (sent from Thane)

are the central railway trains on time? (sent from Thane)

Dadar to vile parle train chalu hai kya..? (sent from Vithalwadi)

Are trains running properly?  (sent from Vikhroli)

what is status of shahad to cst?? trains are on time or not??

What abt Ambernath to csmt (sent from Ambernath)

is it trains r on time ?

Badlapur to cst train chal rahi hai kya? (sent from Shahad Stn.)

C.R. local running in time? (sent from Andheri)

 what is the status of central line local train?

17018 where  (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

running.. 1 and 3 platforms no trains. ecvept one special train that arrived. but they are dekayed.. crowded n moving slow (sent from Kopar Stn.)

trains are working ????

kasara se local time pe hai? 

is there rush in Kalyan train?? (sent from Santa Cruz Stn.)

trains for kalyan are running in time ? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

bhandup to cst ? (sent from Bhandup)

what status Kurla to vidyavihar slow train (sent from Kurla Stn.)

trains running ?

where is 2.21 train from ulhasnager to karjat (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)

what about kalyan to Karjat (sent from Kalva Stn.)

what about Kurla to Vikhroli?

are trains going to dadar? (sent from Thane Stn.)

im at shahad can anyone update on asangoan train, where it reached? (sent from Shahad Stn.)

Ghatkopar  to  thane  trains  are  working or not?  (sent from Ghatkopar)

thane slo held up bet ghat ,& vikroli for 10 min (sent from Ghatkopar)

if trains r late, is there any fast train from dadar? (sent from Elphinstone Road)

what is the train status at Thane to Kalyan (sent from Belapur Cbd Stn.)

Kalyan to karjat?  (sent from Kalyan)

kurla to currey road on time or delayed? (sent from Sanpada)

kasara to cst running ?

Is Ghatkopar to Vikhroli open?

what about Kasara train (sent from Mulund)

train time pe aari hai kya bro mumbra aur what about rush (sent from Mumbra)

any news abt slow trains from chinchpokli to kanjurmarg? (sent from Currey Road Stn.)

status from ghatkopar to Dombivli?  (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)

What is the status for today are the trains running as usual timing or delayed?  (sent from Dombivli)

late ya bahot late..?? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

train will be running or not 

how late are trains running? 

is it normal now???  (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)

Kalyan to Thane status......? (sent from Thakurli Stn.)

Kasara to Kalyan train chalu hai kya? 

how about trains from ambernath to CST ?? (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)

12: 19 ambernath to CST what time it's will reach ghatkopar or dadar (sent from Kalyan)

is there any train for cst via central (sent from Kurla Stn.)

what is the status of Central railway (sent from Marine Lines)

where is karjat train?

What is the status of trains from Ghatkopar to Thane? (sent from Vasai Road Stn.)

what about from cst (sent from Cst Stn.)

wl get cleared or not? (sent from Ghatkopar)

what's the status of Train between Kalyan and CST

train status from Badlapur?  (sent from Badlapur)

what is train status at CST (sent from Churchgate)

thane airoli?? (sent from Matunga Road)

where is Kasara local

dadar se train hai ?? (sent from Dadar)

how much time?  (sent from Nerul)

what is the status from CST to Kalyan

sure?  (sent from Ambernath Stn.)

thane to kalyan train chalo h kya??

 karjat to cst train status? (sent from Karjat Stn.)

what is the status of train from Badlapur to karjat (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

what is the issue between Thane and kalwa

what happened on slow track?  (sent from Kanjur Marg)

Dombivli to Parel is advisable to travel by train? (sent from Kopar)

how are trains moving ahead of thane towards kalyan

what's update from dombivali stn? (sent from Dombivli)

what is status of 9.12 kasara fast train from kurla

what is the train status towards aasangaon (sent from Kalyan)

check on m indicator input your location which is kalyan then select destination virar it will show possible train route best way kalyan-dadar-virar (sent from Ambernath)

anyone  knows what is the problem? (sent from Kalva)

training running from sion to CSTM?  (sent from Kings Circle Stn.)

any one der in 5:00pm ambernath double fast ?? (sent from Dadar Stn.)

is there trains available from thane

status of Thane to CST?

BADLAPUR to dombivali trains are on time or not? (sent from Badlapur)

any train from matunga to thane?

anybody reached dadar or cst yet ? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

where is 10.32 fast from Dombivali? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

train r running or not ? (sent from Sandhurst Road)

I m stucked in the train b4 diva... aage ka kya scene hai? (sent from Dativali)

dombvali to ambarnath train chalu aahe ka?

are trains running from thane to badlapur properly? (sent from Seawood Darave)

7:33 thane aa gayi kya?

ka re baba??

train on central line are running or not? (sent from Vaitarana)

requested to block those how sending tp msg (sent from Dombivli)

is any trains getting cancled (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)

is there any water logging on stations ? (sent from Mulund Stn.)

dadar se kalyan train chalu hai kya? (sent from Bandra)

what is train status from thane to cst (sent from Kalva)

what status from thane to Panvel  (sent from Thakurli)

what about trains from cst to thane?? 

what is status of soon stn (sent from Borivali)

trains chalu ahet ka??  (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

kasara local on time hai kya?

what is the current status of locals between Thane to cstm pls update. 

Kalyan to badlapur status? (sent from Dombivli)

are the trains from Ghatkopar to Thane working?? (sent from Andheri)

Kalyan to ambernath trains he Kya??

Are trains running??

what is the current situation of train .. in central line ?

trains from vikhroli to Kurla running or not? (sent from Vikhroli)

what is the new update (sent from Kopar)

what's the status?

are there trains available from Kalyan to ambernath /badlapur? 

what about down local up to karjat (sent from Thane)

are u sure? (sent from Dockyard Road Stn.)

no slow trains from kanjurmarg?😤 (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)

Are mail trains running as per schedule? (sent from Vidyavihar Stn.)

what about cst - dombivali trains ??? (sent from Chunabhatti Stn.)

what is the status for mumbra to thane (sent from Mahalakshmi)

is there any fast train will run from Badlapur to cst (sent from Badlapur Stn.)

wht abt Ambernath ? (sent from Ambernath Stn.)

are trains from Bhandup to Dadar running? (sent from Bhandup)

whats the status of 0700 Vasai Panvel ?

Are trains running from Dadar to CST?

all trains are running on time or not

trains from Thane to CSMT are on time? (sent from Belapur Cbd Stn.)

trains from virar?

how's the climate Now?? are the trains running late?? what's the status of trains from unr to Mumbai  (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

is train running today? (sent from Thakurli)

are trains working? (sent from Vidyavihar)

Are the Kalyan to CST trains running properly?

Karjat trains ?

is thz true?  (sent from Sandhurst Road Stn.)

Dadar to ambernath??  (sent from Malad)

what about bus ? (sent from Mira Road)

is it raining in kurla?  (sent from Dombivli)

Are trains running on time between CST and Thane ? is it raining in Thane ? (sent from Cst Stn.)

any update about trns dombivali to cst?  (sent from Dombivli)

CST se Dombivli ka koi status batao please? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

Kalyan to CSTM train shuru he kya? 

what about trains towards badlapur (sent from Vithalwadi)

exact location of kasara fast?  (sent from Bhandup Stn.)

what happened 

is there any waterlogging in Thane? (sent from Mulund)

what a status in  central line (sent from Juinagar Stn.)

towards csmt? (sent from Kurla Stn.)

 badlapur to karjat..status..? (sent from Badlapur)

fast trains coming from cstm come on platform no 1 at byculla. Why (sent from Byculla Stn.)

shahad to cst train? (sent from Shahad)

are the trains for thane are running??

khopoli train ko nikal ne kitna time he???

diva to thane chalu hai kya..? should i leave for office..? (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)

Plz inform when 10:52 leaves thane (sent from Mulund Stn.)

where is thane kasara (sent from Thane Stn.)

what abht from Mumbra trains are proper to go mulund or ...

asangoan la trian aahe ka?

what's the status at ghatkopar

kalyan to thane?  (sent from Ambernath)

central line local trains is on time ?? (sent from Koparkhairne Stn.)

status for train towards karjat? (sent from Bhandup Stn.)

wht abt thana to titwala trsin?? (sent from Elphinstone Road Stn.)

train updated status?  (sent from Koparkhairne)

trains are running from kalyan?? (sent from Ambernath)

what  about  the new ambernath

central line chalu hey kay?  (sent from Parel)

now? 1hour late? (sent from Chunabhatti)

Thane se CST working hai?  (sent from Nahur Stn.)



It's not even raining why are trains delayed?  (sent from Dativali)

cst to thane slow r running ?

mumbra to thane train late hai kya ? (sent from Mumbra)

are trains working properly? (sent from Byculla Stn.)

what is the status of central railway now (sent from Vikhroli)

how is the train service from kalyan to thane (sent from Airoli Stn.)

This msg is circulating on what's up also.

what happend 

are trains available for thane from badlapur??

Andheri to cst ? working ?

does anyone know if there is water logging in kalyan? 

nazim?? 

any train issues from Thane to karjat ? 

what is status from Bycula to Ambernath 

trains from Vikhroli?? 

hi what is status of 9.29 badlapur to csmt train (sent from Khandeshwar)

why trains are late??? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

dombivli to cst?

hi are trains running? (sent from Govandi)

cst to kasara train is on time?  (sent from Sion Stn.)

andheri se panvel vali train kaha pochi??? hai ya nhi?

what's the status are trains running on Central line.? (sent from Kurla)

is there any fast train from kalyan to cst

train thane to csmt?? (sent from Kalva)

what is status of kurla to matunga? (sent from Bhandup)

cst to ambernath chalu he Kay??? (sent from Ambernath)

Just Helping Peoples . Just Ask Those In Grp How Relevant Info Has Been Sent .

what is the position at thane ?

where is the CST Thane train which is supposed to reach Parel at 6:03? (sent from Elphinstone Road Stn.)

vikhroli-dadar any update? (sent from Vikhroli)

any delays in trains running towards badlpur?

Train proper hai kay??

Hey what's the Condition from Badlapur to CST (sent from Badlapur)

so from thane to Ghatkopar there won't be any issue right? 

train is working or not from kalyan station & if working than how much late trains from kalyan to cst (sent from Kalyan)

can anyone plz telk me tomorrow trains are running or not...????

train ka kuch problem hua he Kya...? (sent from Dombivli)

thane k liye train chalu hai kya?? (sent from Bandra Stn.)

tuje kaise pata ? (sent from Thakurli Stn.)

p.v. thombare, badlapur, what is the exact situation of suburban train right now (sent from Badlapur)

is it raining in kurla? (sent from Mumbra)

dombivli 15.39 train to CST? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

Ghatkopar to Thane status?  (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

Kalyan to thane travel is safe?  (sent from Kalyan)

CST Dadar thane users kahan hai we want update? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

what is the train status from kanjur to cst?? (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)

those who are at stns..go back, it better than to stuck in between (sent from Kalva)

are train from thane going to cst are working? (sent from Thane)

trains r running late?? (sent from Nahur Stn.)

water logging at sion?  (sent from Ghatkopar)

trains from kurla?? (sent from Tilak Nagar)

??? (sent from Vikhroli)

What is the status of train in western line. (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

kurla to Kalyan? (sent from Shahad)

will anyone let us know? (sent from Santa Cruz Stn.)

what status of running local train (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)

train chi ky conditions ahe ???? plzzz help .... (sent from Kalva)

where is thane ja

what is problem (sent from Dadar Stn.)

kalyan to karjat train secuvation??  (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

current status sirji????  (sent from Mulund)

what is the status of train from nahur (sent from Nahur Stn.)

Ghatkopar to kalyan ? any updates (sent from Ghatkopar)

thane train ka status kya hai?  (sent from Kurla Stn.)

shahad cst chalu h kya...?  (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

9.49 vikhroli fast from Thakurli nikli kya?  (sent from Thakurli Stn.)

nerul to vadala trains r there? (sent from Nerul Stn.)

where is Dadar-Badlapur fast local? (sent from Sion)

CSMT - Badlapur F which was about to leave from CSMT @ 11:50 is cancelled (sent from Dadar Stn.)

what ststude virar train..

बदलापूर ते ठाणे ट्रेन काय परिस्थिती आहे..?? (sent from Sanpada Stn.)

what about Ghatkopar to thane side? (sent from Bhandup)

 Pape nahi ha io kya isje sath ????😁 (sent from Mumbra Stn.)

 trains are working well? (sent from Thakurli)

for cst trains r runing?? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

train status Byculla to thane??  (sent from Masjid Stn.)

how much delay is there? (sent from Vikhroli)

where has karjat fast reached?? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

train is working?? (sent from Mulund)

train from ghatkopar to thane?

r train on time from Kalwa???  (sent from Kalva)

where is ladies spcl rchhd (sent from Seawood Darave)

sion cross kiya kisine aaj..?

central line me barish bohot h kya? (sent from Goregaon Stn.)

are trains working for Thane to Kalyan? (sent from Thane Stn.)

5.55 Vikhroli any idea? (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)

train status from shahad to thane?  (sent from Shahad)

what is status of slow train towards cst (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)

what about trains to cst from badlapur ?

what's the status of cst to Thane train?  (sent from Marine Lines)

where is thane ending train? which ends at platform 3 and scheduled for kasara (sent from Thane Stn.)

kurla ty Ambernath train chalu aah ka? (sent from Govandi)

is there any problems on central line from Tiwala? local train towards Mumbai? (sent from Gtb Nagar)

what is status from vidyavihar station  (sent from Vidyavihar)

is it?  (sent from Dombivli)

did trains frm vidyavihar leave? (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)

what about Dadar to kalyan trains? (sent from Goregaon Stn.)

thane to kopar ? 

trains from Badlapur? (sent from Badlapur)

6 37 where  (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)

Kurla to dadar? (sent from Panvel)

train is working or not?? (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)

where (sent from Airoli)

is there anyone from Mumbra who can update if trains are on time 

Is therr any delay on Dadar- Kurla Trains? (sent from Mira Road Stn.)

nerul to thane trains are working ? (sent from Juinagar Stn.)

is everything fine at Dadar? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

train status?

is the train passing from Sion station towards CST? (sent from Kurla Stn.)

what abt , Mulund 2 Dadar situation 

what happened in Kalyan please inform (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

trains are on time? 

what is the status of train from cst to klyn

plz any one tell me thane to karjat trains r running in time?? (sent from Thane Stn.)

slow train? (sent from Thane Stn.)

What's the status of trans harbour trains? (sent from Mulund)

where is 7.11 CST slow (sent from Mumbra Stn.)

train status?  (sent from Churchgate Stn.)

ulhasnagar to cst train ? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

are trns on tym??

kurla to cst r running?

where is asangao train (sent from Bhiwandi Road)

ambernath se csmt trn chalu hai??  (sent from Ambernath Stn.)

what's the status of trains to thane? (sent from Nahur)

is central line trains are running properly ?? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

who said  (sent from Bhiwandi Road Stn.)

what is the status of train from dadar to kalyan? (sent from Elphinstone Road)

thane to kurla ???

is any problem (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)

kurla se thane chal ri hai kya....? (sent from Kurla)

aasangoan train chalu hai Kya??? (sent from Koparkhairne)

trains from titwala to Kalyan working proper?

train status?

what status train khopli to bombivli

karjat?  (sent from Masjid Stn.)

Remya Venkatkrishnan   I mean to say if der s delay Dan it shud b 20-30 mins but der s some 1 who mentioned 10:51 took CST from badlapur n reached now almost 3 hrs late  (sent from Vikhroli)

can I travel from Parel to Badlapur now, what is the status ? (sent from Elphinstone Road Stn.)

what is the status of Ghatkopar To Mumbra

is train running from dadar towrds thane?  (sent from Dadar)

kurla to ambernath trains are running or not plz reply??

reallyyy ???? (sent from Nahur)

where is 9:7 local (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

what is status of trains from Thane?

why trains are late (sent from Badlapur Stn.)

 Is Thane shut today? 

thane to badlapur train working? (sent from Badlapur)

what a problem slow train

thane to cst ? (sent from Ghansoli)

what about to kalwa station???  (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

  Kalyan to badlapur is working...plz update..? (sent from Vasind)

How much is the delay for CSMT bound slow local trains on Central line?   (sent from Vashi Stn.)

trains chalu hai kya?? (sent from Badlapur)

hi any problem in central line??? (sent from Mulund Stn.)

trains for kalyan are running in time ? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

what about slow trains ??? towards cstm (sent from Thane)

status for train 9.47 from kalyan? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

karjat, khopli trains chalu ahet ka, central line? 

what about trains from Sion to thane ? (sent from Kings Circle)

hello fraaands...trains Chalu hai kya?? (sent from Vidyavihar Stn.)

are trains on the central line running on time? (sent from Thane)

where is khopoli fast train

8.47 thane csmt is on time?

 what about central line (sent from Thane)

thane to Kalyan trains are running??? (sent from Mankhurd Stn.)

what's the status of train from Dombivali towards Dadar??????

khopoli train kaha pee hai ????? (sent from Kurla Stn.)

are there trains from thane towards dadar ?

,??

koni sagel ka?mulund local chalu ahet ka? (sent from Parel Stn.)

what is the current status of train ?

any official announcement by CR ?

are the trains late? (sent from Gtb Nagar)

from khopoli to kalyan are train running on time?  (sent from Khopoli)

where is kasara train  (sent from Khardi)

where is 7. 43 Thane to karjat train (sent from Thane Stn.)

5:31.. badlapur cst train kaha he?? late he??

Roshan why you need ladies special? :-)  (sent from Thane Stn.)

what's the status now

   what's the status of trains now ? (sent from Mulund)

if continiouslu rain how it will be ok (sent from Nerul Stn.)

what's d status of central line 

how are trains movement's I am stuck thane stn (sent from Thane Stn.)

Byculla to Thane Trains ?? (sent from Byculla Stn.)

what is status of badlapur to thane train

are the trains running from kalyan to cst? (sent from Nahur)

 karjat jaanari train kalyan pochli ka? (sent from Kalyan)

what about kasara trains status, are on time???? (sent from Kalva)

mumbra to cst chalu hai kya? (sent from Masjid Stn.)

? (sent from Sion Stn.)

where is khopoli trn

good morning all. are trains running properly from Kalyan towards CSMT? (sent from Kalyan)

what's the status of central line?? 

???

are trains to thane working ? (sent from Bhandup Stn.)

is central line working ????? (sent from Nilje)

dadar ratnagiri kitna late hai??? (sent from Dombivli)

are trains working correctly , Ghatkopar to Sion? (sent from Andheri)

metro chi info milel ka ithe?  (sent from Thakurli)

Update from Ghatkopar to Kalyan Plss? (sent from Govandi)

@ bhandup is 6:04 kalyan from bhandup is late? (sent from Bhandup Stn.)

kal central line band hai kya? (sent from Vasai Road)

train from CSMT to Thane??? (sent from Cst)

is the train working towards karjat  (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

what is the train status at ghatkopar

Thane to Kalyan status? train is running?  (sent from Kalva)

are trains from harbour to andheri working? (sent from Belapur Cbd)

i hv seen in train chat application the rlwys never reply as to the status of the train

are trains running on time from ulhasnagar to karjat??? (sent from Shahad Stn.)

bhandup to kalyan train status??? (sent from Bhandup Stn.)

what happened in central? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

trains to thane are on time? anybody on platform 1 kurla  update please?

central railway is running ? (sent from Ghatkopar)

trn status from Ambernath to cst??  (sent from Ambernath)

Thane to Kalyan train chalu he? (sent from Mulund)

😂 😂 😂 party dega na aaj tu?  (sent from Dombivli)

thane to kalyan mega block hai kya?

Central railway local are running  15 to 20 min late....and western Railway 30 mins 10 locals are for service in crashed... The water has been in engine when it was flooded  (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

trains are running to down side? (sent from Ghatkopar)

1.14 cst fast...whr its is??? (sent from Thane Stn.)

trains are working or not ? (sent from Thane Stn.)

2:45 from ambernath to cst. where is it now? (sent from Mulund Stn.)

Can anybody update on the status of Vidhyavihar to parel ??  (sent from Vidyavihar)

what is the status of trains from kurla to cst?

is today mega block or not? (sent from Kasara Stn.)

down side trains ka kaisa status hai? please help (sent from Dombivli Stn.)



kurla to Kanjurmarg?

? (sent from Vikhroli)

kurla se karjat ke liye train chalu hai kya?

how rr trains running on time pl update anyone from gharkpar to cst

Are trains working to Thane? (sent from Ghatkopar)

can anyone tell where has titwala fast train towards CST has reached (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

what is situation at thane station

Central from thane to cst running? (sent from Mulund)

what is the fare from nasik  to thane

Vasai Diva passenger is not ye come to Bhiwandi Road actual time is 10:20 but not yet reached please reply me when its reached in Bhiwandi road? (sent from Bhiwandi Road Stn.)

hey guys 1 help chahiye BYCULLA train chalu hai kya?  sorry but navi mumbai rehta hu to just help manga maina aapse

ek game ?? (sent from Kalva)

what is reason ??  (sent from Airoli Stn.)

what about Ambernath to Thane? (sent from Ambernath)

is slow train are working from thane to kanjurmarg? (sent from Kalva Stn.)

अंबरनाथ ते सीएसएमटी लोकल आजचे वेळापत्रक मिळेल ?

trains are on from CHINCHPOKLI to DADAR?  (sent from Cotton Green Stn.)

Are trains between kalyan n asangaon wotking well?? (sent from Vashi Stn.)

all good? (sent from Kalva Stn.)

Are trains going to Badlapur?

What is status karjat sta

what's is train status between thane and kalyan ,?? (sent from Santa Cruz)

vidyvihar to byculla Up local line mega block started.. trains are diverting to fast line, which extra halts at sion, matunga, parel, beyond the proper halts (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

Thane to cst tain chalu hai?? (sent from Bandra)

are the trains working ?? (sent from Ambernath Stn.)

Is the bridge at Sandhurst Road. Ok & Fine now  (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)

can someone please update the status of kalyan to cst? (sent from Thakurli)

what states CST to kasara (sent from Airoli)

are the trains working rn? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

train chalu aahe aka? (sent from Kalva)

what about train timing (sent from Dombivli)

is train between dadar to mulund??? 

which train arrived in ghatkoper (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

why fast trians are late,  where is 11pm fast from dom?  (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

what's the status of train?? (sent from Santa Cruz)

shahad to cst train chalu ahet ka properly?? (sent from Shahad)

8:42 min Semi-fast local for Mumbai CST from Kalyan which suppose to reach Dadar at 9:44 it's just crossing Bhandup 

 what is the water logging status at kurla nd sion? (sent from Mulund Stn.)

trains are running proper between Kurla to ghatkopar?  (sent from Kalamboli)

What is status from kurla to dombivli? (sent from Santa Cruz)

cst to Kalyan? fast (sent from Cst Stn.)

hi all... trains r working or not from cst to karjat? (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)

is there any delay in central line  (sent from Nilje Stn.)

ambernath se train time pe hai ky?? 

thanyachya pude train chalu aahe ka? 

how to know about  local train plat form number?

Byculla to Dadar ? (sent from Mumbai Central Stn.)

?? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

सेंट्रल लाईनच्या ट्रेनचं स्टेटस काय आहे  ? 

what about central  (sent from Ghatkopar)

7.22 CST fast? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

are thane to dombivli fast and slow trains working??? (sent from Airoli)

trains are going or not ?

what is rain status in Mumbai?

where is 6.25 kasara train from csmt now ? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

are the local trains from kasara on time???

hi ajai trains available?

trains r running on time? plz update (sent from Jogeshwari)

is there any problem between dadar to Bandra  (sent from Thakurli)

is there any one in dadar station....please updates train status for kalyan (sent from Khar Road Stn.)

Are all CSMT trains stopping at Dadar ? (sent from Dombivli)

is there any problem from thane to csmt

 cst to dombivali? (sent from Kings Circle Stn.)

are at Sion ? (sent from Sion Stn.)

what about Badlapur train  (sent from Juinagar Stn.)

what's d status for trains towards dadar (sent from Kopar)

what is the status of karjat Badlapur trains

Are Trains Running From Thane to Kasara?? (sent from Rabale Stn.)

what is the current train status ??

any trains from cst to Thane?? (sent from Sion Stn.)

which time from chiplun to panvel at night

kalyan station to titwala train status ? (sent from Turbhe)

why train delay today

can anyone tell me the train status at kanjirmarg? (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)

koi cst rahega to bata do thane train h ki nhi??  (sent from Dadar Stn.)

where is khopoli train ? (sent from Ambernath)

what is the update between cstm and kalyan

Radat ahet nagpur adhiveshnat anu pani padat ahet mumbai madhe?? (sent from Dombivli)

Kurla Dadar running? (sent from Chembur Stn.)

is there any problem in central railway? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

status of thane to ghatkopar?

dadar to. thane...?? (sent from Elphinstone Road)

what is the status of local train services (sent from Thakurli Stn.)

karjat to ambernath updates ??? (sent from Karjat)

Dombivali west me idli wala rehta hai stn k yha wo chalu hai kya ?? pls update Dena koi hoga waha to

kasara to dadar local running rt?

dader to thane trains running? (sent from Umroli Road Stn.)

what is train stuts from kalyan to karjat (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

what about Ghatkopar to ambarnath  (sent from Vikhroli)

thane to dadar train running status ?

any one in Asangaon? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

what about ghatkopar to thane train? (sent from Ghatkopar)

kalyan to ambernath train chalu ahet ka?? 

are the trains on time from thane? I need an excuse to sleep more.  (sent from Thane)

dadar to Kalyan train hai kya?? (sent from Andheri Stn.)

what about thane to cst (sent from Airoli Stn.)

train to khopoli chalu hai Kya ??? 

where is this coming from (sent from Gtb Nagar Stn.)

is there any megablock from Ghatkopar to Thane

what is train status of central railway from ghatkopar to badlapur

what's the status of Kalyan stn (sent from Ambernath Stn.)

Is the central line Working from vidhyavihar to cst? (sent from Tilak Nagar Stn.)

are the  trains on time?? (sent from Charni Road Stn.)

trains from thane to CST?

karjat to kalyan train running or not?

thane Ghatkopar... kab tak ayega thane?? (sent from Belapur Cbd Stn.)

What is status for Thane fast train (sent from Airoli)

thane to kalyan train chalu hai kya ?? (sent from Vashi)

Mulund to Dadar trains ok ? (sent from Nahur)

ghatkopar to Thane working ? (sent from Ghatkopar)

what about dombiwli to kurla

are trains working properly from Kalyan to cst???

how much time late are trains running

anyone in CST train? (sent from Mulund Stn.)

Thane cst trains are running or not

asangaon train?? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

is any update from Vashi to kurla (sent from Panvel)

is it raining in mumbai?

what happnd in central line, is trains are running (sent from Lower Parel)

what's the running status of trains  starting form CST

wat is d status of cst to karjat train? (sent from Neral Stn.)

central line working well? sent from thane

Ghatkopar to matunga train status ??

What is the status of BL to CST??? 

CST train chalu hai kya? (sent from Nerul)

is trains are on time badlapur to Cst??? (sent from Badlapur)

Dombivali to Thane train status today? (sent from Dombivli)

kuthla water logging ?? (sent from Airoli)

train Chalu aahe Ka? (sent from Nahur)

trains are working between airoli to thane or not?

where is now train ?

I want to cst ?? (sent from Mumbra)

situation at Sion? (sent from Nahur Stn.)

is 9:47 kalyan dadar in cancelled? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

kayan to thane? whats d status  (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)

7.29 dom local is arrived lets see if depart on time or not

trains are running?

is there any andolan (sent from Churchgate Stn.)

Railway authorities please check

ghatkopar to bhandup?? (sent from Malad Stn.)

badlapur ki train band h? (sent from Sewri Stn.)

how much (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

Are trains running on time? (sent from Shahad Stn.)

what about trains from dombivli? (sent from Dombivli)

what is status of ladies spl?? (sent from Mulund Stn.)

trains towards Kalyan working ?

Kalyan to cst train are on time?? (sent from Kalyan)

trains are  running on time?

mulund pasun train aahe??? (sent from Mulund)

I feel humiliated when I get such local train services after receiving msg from income tax department of India     (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)

any  problem near ambivali station?

fast trains are on time ? (sent from Kurla Stn.)

why trains are halted at bhandup

any problems after thane? as trains are running slow 

what is thane to csmt slow train's status? (sent from Ghansoli Stn.)

what is the status of andheri

what is train position (sent from Mahim Jn Stn.)

train chalu h ? (sent from Asangaon)

what's about train Dombivali to Bhandup now on time ddkay

train status ?? 

what is the status of 10.15 last local from khopoli to csmt... is it running on time??  (sent from Dolavli)

Are there trains from Ghatkopar to Thane? (sent from Andheri)

are trains running properly between kalyan to vidyavihar ?

are trains on tym from kalyan ???

is central line closed due to heavy rain?  (sent from Dahisar)

Dadar to badlapur local trains are running on time? please post status...

? 

what abt thane to dombivalu (sent from Airoli Stn.)

what about Byculla to thane (sent from Byculla Stn.)

cstm ke train late ha kya.? (sent from Neral)

what any the train timings

is there rain in Mumbai (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

where is 10:42 badlapur CST (sent from Titwala)

train are on time or not

thane to Kalyan trains ?

please tell me where is the khopoli train.? (sent from Kalyan)

where u are now  (sent from Sion Stn.)

koper to Dahanu local?? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

whats status of trains from Kalyan to cstm?

thane to dadar working or.not?

train in time? (sent from Vithalwadi)

is there any notice regarding holiday for school and college? (sent from Ambernath)

what is the status of train from ghatkopar to kalyan

why train stopped after kalwa? 

what is the status from Dombivli to Ghatkopar  (sent from Thakurli)

what is the problem in slow track frm Thane to titwala (sent from Thane)

bhigi bhigi sadko pe...kya?? gaa rha h wapas😅😅

what about central railway..train is going to properly (sent from Nahur)

are trains working from thane to ambernath? (sent from Thane Stn.)

whats ia the status of trains from kurla to kalyan? (sent from Bandra)

are train's on time from CST? 

mumbra to kalyan train is running or not?

cst kurla train? (sent from Sandhurst Road Stn.)

what about thane to badlapur? (sent from Ghansoli Stn.)

what abt 8:03 train...from Thane to ambernath....????? (sent from Thane Stn.)

are trains running from kalyan to cst?  (sent from Vithalwadi)

CSTM to Ambarnath train is on time? (sent from Sion)

what is the status of trains?? are they running on time?? (sent from Elphinstone Road Stn.)

waterlogging sion mai kam hua hai kya? (sent from Thakurli Stn.)

are trains running ? (sent from Airoli)

kalyan se Age ja rahi Kya?  (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

train running proper between ghatkopar to dombivli?? 

is the train on time ?  (sent from Kanjur Marg)

Dombivali to Thane? (sent from Kopar)

cst to ambernath????? (sent from Churchgate)

डोंबिवली to ठाणे किती वेळ लागेल? (sent from Kopar Stn.)

thane to dombivli trains are on time?  (sent from Tilak Nagar)

Are trains on time from ulhasnagar..?  (sent from Shahad)

asangaon thane train running late? (sent from Thakurli Stn.)

Is harbour line running properly? (sent from Belapur Cbd)

ambernath Jane train. hai ? (sent from Vidyavihar Stn.)

what is the reasons for empty local (sent from Kalyan)

wat abt trains from dadar to klyan ?? pls update

Is there any problem at Thane station? (sent from Thane Stn.)

dadar to Thane status? (sent from Gtb Nagar Stn.)

SION TO THANE ka kya status hai? (sent from Vadala Road)

is it safe to kandiwali from dombivali after 11 o clock?  (sent from Dombivli)

is it on time?  (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

titwala to kalyan suru hai? (sent from Titwala Stn.)

anything about shahad to thane train status?  (sent from Shahad)

plz batav thane to down line chalu he kay? (sent from Ghansoli Stn.)

is it raining in Thane or at thane station ? any idea  (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

what's the status of Kasara train 9.27 am at Dombivli? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

status of train from Thane to Kalyan? (sent from Airoli Stn.)

Titwala 6.10 from dadar stuck at shahad from last 20 minutes, what is problem? (sent from Shahad Stn.)

nerul to thane working? (sent from Nerul Stn.)

is there any block for andheri (sent from Belapur Cbd)

Are trains running from Panvel to CST? (sent from Taloja)

what about train to Kalyan

bhai Ghansoli jaana h trains chalu h? (sent from Vile Parle)

karjat train on which station now (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)

ambernath to CET ??

is trains running between Dombivali to vikroli? 

masjid to Thane train chalice his ? (sent from Masjid Stn.)

what about harbour line (sent from Chembur Stn.)

?????? (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)

is there train late on central line? (sent from Kurla Stn.)

what abt thane to Kalyan?

?? (sent from Vithalwadi)

trains  r pakka going on ?na from bhanduo stn (sent from Mahim Jn Stn.)

friends whAt is train status towards cst (sent from Bhandup)

What is issue at Kalwa station

kalyan to  thane train status? plz

central line chya train velevar ahet ka? sent from thane (sent from Kalva)

guys what is the train status from kalyan (sent from Ambivli Stn.)

is slow down trains are running swiftly between Ghatkopar and Badlapur??

what is the status of thane to dombivali

are cst to badlapur trains running on time? (sent from Dombivli)

badlaput to Thane train where reached? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

Ulhasngr se CST ka status btao na ??? bhai log (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

airoli to thane trains working?  (sent from Airoli Stn.)

any updates on trains for cst from badlapur? (sent from Badlapur)

kurla to Badlapur line chalu hei kya? (sent from Badlapur)

what about asangoan train (sent from Thane)

Pls don't do time pass on this train chat (sent from Chunabhatti)

trains position in ulhasnagar? (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)

kalwa se train chalu h kya??? pls reply  (sent from Kalva)

guys how is the train status from Byculla (sent from Currey Road)

what about karjat to cstm (sent from Shelu)

 what is the update in parel or curry road  (sent from Elphinstone Road Stn.)

Dadar to Thane trains are on time ? (sent from Elphinstone Road Stn.)

is it running shahad to cst?  (sent from Shahad)

where is titvala trn (sent from Kalva Stn.)

what is issue at kalava and mumbra down (sent from Kalva Stn.)

what is the exact status of central line 

 Kalyan to karjat trains are running or not? (sent from Thakurli)

thane to cst trains time pe hai ya delay ho rhe hai?

what about the amb to thane

what is the status of trains from thane  (sent from Kalva)

is there any problem in trains (sent from Cst)

अंबरनाथ ते कर्जत ट्रेन चालू आहेत का??? plz reply

train chalu hai na??~ (sent from Matunga Stn.)

a train just left...don't know which it was (sent from Thane Stn.)

mulund station mein pani bhara hai kya?

dombivli to badlapur train????? (sent from Kopar)

what position of central line today

thane to dombivli train running?

train late from Dombiwali to BADLAPUR?  (sent from Badlapur)

what is the autuation of kurla 

which train will go ashadi ekada ahi plz list provide (sent from Vithalwadi)

is there delay of train from diva to Thane  (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)

yes, what about the fast line? (sent from Kalva)

central line chalu hai na? towards Dombivali?

trains r running between Dadar & kalyan?

anyone for walk? (sent from Kanjur Marg)

mulund to ghatkopar ? (sent from Mulund Stn.)

badlapur??

Dombivli to Cst Ka Kya Status Hai ?????  (sent from Dombivli)

What is current status  (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)

did u cross mulund ? (sent from Mulund Stn.)

is cst to khopoli 03.22pm train there or cancelled?  (sent from Vithalwadi)

badlapur to kalyan chalu aahe ka ?koni tari saanga (sent from Badlapur Stn.)

any update on fast trains? (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)

cst to thane train chalu hai?

are trains running Frome Thane to cst on time? (sent from Thane)

Ambarnath bhandup train. running?

ambernath se ghatkopar train chalu hai kya? 

no trains for thane from ddr/cst?  (sent from Bandra)

Admin what's the latest update on trains in central? (sent from Ambernath Stn.)

is the 9:02 kalyan-cstm will be crowded?

thane se dombiwali kya status hai...?? 

train is running in Central line??  (sent from Thane Stn.)

kasara train chalu ahe ? (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

ghatkopar to Dombivili local chalu hai kya??

Are trains available from kasara to cst? 

from vithalwadi to cst train is running? (sent from Vithalwadi)

how is this related to railway ?? (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)

where is khopoli train ? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

'hardly'?! (sent from Matunga Road Stn.)

what is the prob (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

GYM chalu hai Kya aaj??

Travelling in trains is safe now? is there lot of rush?

how about the trains of Karjat and khopoli? (sent from Badlapur)

there is a dead dog on tracks at Kurla station pf. no. 5......whom to contact? (sent from Kurla Stn.)

are slow trains runng ? Thakurli (sent from Thakurli)

kurla kalyan chalu ahe ka nit? (sent from Kalyan)

Trains running? (sent from Shahad Stn.)

Do 10 54 departed from kalyan? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

whats the status of kalyan CSMT?  (sent from Thakurli)

trains are running from thane to vikroli ?

train status? (sent from Kalyan)

why trains are late @ CST?? (sent from Cst Stn.)

what is current status (sent from Dombivli)

what happened at nahur??? (sent from Thane Stn.)

kurla karjat? (sent from Bandra)

what is the status from cst to Dadar??  (sent from Sandhurst Road Stn.)

what about slow trains from kalyan to CSMT ? (sent from Kalyan)

central line ch kahi problem nahi na? (sent from Ambernath)

what is the current train status? (sent from Nilje)

 thane to ka kanjur slow!?  (sent from Thane)

ambernath to cst trains are running ??

is thane to cst trains running on time ???

What is status of trains from bhandup to kurla? (sent from Bhandup Stn.)

dombivli to thane?? (sent from Dombivli)

where is karjat - CSMT train now??  (sent from Badlapur Stn.)

 dadar to thane status???

what has happened between kurla and sion (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)

Ambernath to Dadar 15.06 local is running very slow why it is late  (sent from Thane)

guys is there any megablock between dadar to thane? (sent from Mahim Jn Stn.)

wester line chalu hua kya ?

is it raining very heavy at thane?? (sent from Ghansoli Stn.)

दादर से कुर्ला ट्रेन सुरू आहेत का?  (sent from Parel)

is there kasara trains are running???

what about karjat to cst tarins (sent from Karjat)

has central railway announced for trains running late?  (sent from Mumbra Stn.)

what has happnd betn nahur to mulund central line ?? (sent from Nahur Stn.)

kslyan se borivali status ??

what is train status of karjat to thane? (sent from Badlapur)

Sakec? (sent from Vadala Road Stn.)

aaj koi mega block toh nahi hai na??? (sent from Cst Stn.)

kalyan to cst wht is status? anybody any idea?

Byculla to Titwala train  what a status (sent from Cotton Green)

dombivli to CST .. status ? (sent from Dombivli)

train to csmt is running or not

kasara train chalu h ky? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

Trains are working for Kalyan to cst????? (sent from Vithalwadi)

center line status kya hai??? (sent from Vithalwadi Stn.)

what is train status? (sent from Airoli)

what train status (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)

train towards Badlapur r working or not ?? (sent from Kharghar)

why are late local train (sent from Vithalwadi)

Deccan Exp. Train on time??

train late hai ? (sent from Badlapur)

when special train started between cst and vasai

any updates from Titwala? (sent from Titwala)

what problem ?? (sent from Kalva)

kalyan to karjat kay update ?

Kalyan to Sion safe ahe Ka ? (sent from Shahad)

kalyan to thane trains? (sent from Kalyan)

what about vidyavihar to cst? (sent from Chembur)

cst to thane ? is it wrking

there is train from kalyan towadrs cst??????

Badlapur to CST is on time ?

trains running or not near mulund ? (sent from Mulund Stn.)

kalyan to ambernath train running or not? (sent from Mulund Stn.)

trains are running in central line???

trains running to baldapur from Dadar ???? (sent from Elphinstone Road Stn.)

what is the status of CST to Kalyan? (sent from Churchgate)

train status?

is there rain after Thane or not (sent from Mumbra)

what is status of train from titwala to cst

what is the status of mega block on cstm main line (sent from Airoli)

well all tracks on kalyan under water just a fast train entered but don't know when it will leave kalyan (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

is sion station clear?

panvel vasai gadi chalu ahe ka..? (sent from Ambivli Stn.)

What is stetus on kalyan to titwala train (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

is Ghatkopar-CST route on time ? (sent from Ghatkopar)

is the slow trains are on time?? (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)

is 7.43 thane badlapur confirmed??? (sent from Kalva Stn.)

dadar to ...towards thane train chalu he na ?? (sent from Mira Road Stn.)

trains from mumbra to csmt ???

THANE dadar train running...?any idea (sent from Airoli)

cst kurla train is working or not? (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)

fast?  (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

Kalyan to Thane trains running ..?

what is the status of kalyan 15car train

are trains running late ? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

train for CST? (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

is central line closed due to statewide shutdown?  (sent from Dahisar)

fastline pe block hai kurla to kalyan? (sent from Kurla Stn.)

are the central rail lines running in time?. kindly update

any update on down trains from Central line? (sent from Thane Stn.)

what is the status of central railways? (sent from Churchgate)

about sion station?

updates anyone?

how to reach Khandala from Santa Cruz airport? (sent from Vile Parle)

are locals available between thane to ambernath? (sent from Koparkhairne)

ambrnath stn train status?

status from kurla?

is there any issue at thane station (sent from Bhandup)

what's problem in central line (sent from Mulund Stn.)

i need to travel from vasind to ghatkopar.. are trains on time and if late then how much (sent from Vasind Stn.)

is there any mega block for central line (sent from Ghansoli)

thane to cst train running status?? 

central railway chalu hai kya? (sent from Kopar Stn.)

What the hell are they annoucing?

what's the status of down trains ? from Kurla to Mulund ? 

sakshi this is not timepass chat (sent from Dombivli)

what's the status of harbor line trains till vashi (sent from Chunabhatti)

yes but you forgot Dombivli  and Kalyan peoples ........you won't believe there are 100 trains total to kalyan including the 15 cars ......but still these people board thoas fast train which they shouldn't  (sent from Vasind Stn.)

thane to shahad status...???? (sent from Koparkhairne)

what is the 5:31 badlapur cst local status?

train is on time?? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

bhai puch raha he ya bata raha hai? (sent from Bhandup)

what abt from Kalyan to Ghatkoper 

what is the status of thane to cst (sent from Airoli Stn.)

are trains working properly? (sent from Cotton Green Stn.)

kasara Train stop ulahas river why are late 

are trains working?  (sent from Nalla Sopara)

guys what about down trains to Ambernath /badlapur?  (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

on which platform can I get asangon local train in kalyan (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

any problem at थाना?  (sent from Kalva)

what d Status between Kelawali to Lowjee ? any update ?

How late are trains From Dombivali

dombivli Se Koi train gai he Kya?  (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

what is status of train from karjat (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

train status from kalyan to dadar?

 r all the trains on time ? (sent from Bhandup Stn.)

are trains running slow?? (sent from Thakurli Stn.)

thane slow stopped between thane n mulund Dont know why. (sent from Mulund)

Byculla station update?? (sent from Byculla Stn.)

kitne baje Nikla tha bhai? 😂 (sent from Bandra Stn.)

is there any Maharashtra Bandh in August month. dates and details of Bandh plz. need to plan a temple visit to Miraj-Kolhapur

ghat to Mulund is working properly?

what is the status of towards CST train from mulund (sent from Mulund Stn.)

bhai log aaj college jau ke nahi bandra me hai....??

anyone has any news about Vidyavihar? (sent from Mumbai Central Stn.)

where is cst fast train ??  (sent from Mulund Stn.)

where is 651 thane Badlapur train  (sent from Mumbra Stn.)

why is everyone asking questions, pls post updates tooo

Are local trains running from Kalgan to CST? (sent from Shahad)

Is there any train from mumbra to csmt

is there rains near kurla (sent from Ambernath)

karjat train ??  (sent from Kurla)

what is the status of train from Ghatkopar

updates fron thane station plz? (sent from Ambernath)

where is bl 10.3pm train is it running late today?  (sent from Kopar Stn.)

àmbernath se chalu h kya? (sent from Seawood Darave Stn.)

Train are running ? (sent from Chunabhatti)

what about sion to kurla (sent from Sion)

shud i leave fr mumbra station?are trains cmng there? (sent from Mumbra)

cts to bdl? (sent from Ghatkopar)

what's the status from dombivli station?  (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

Dombivli to Kasara trains are on time?  (sent from Dombivli)

is traveling to cst from Thane station safe? (sent from Mulund)

what about dombivali to thane???

sholay? 

any updates from thane to ghatkopar? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

what is the current status? (sent from Mulund)

 badlapur to  thane trains status please? (sent from Badlapur)

8:46 khopoli left? (sent from Byculla Stn.)

Hi how is going all trains in central lines

whats status from kalyan to thane? (sent from Kalyan)

from Sanpada tu Kurla ? (sent from Turbhe)

what is status of churchgate to borivali (sent from Mahim Jn)

train chalu hai kya ???

is any blockage on thane bhandup  (sent from Kopar)

kurla to ght???? (sent from Kurla)

is kalyan to titwala trains running? 

kurla se kalyan train Kya status hai pls update ??? (sent from Kalva)

is central railway running late?

train towards Kalyan working?

dadar se best ke buses chalu hai kya ? (sent from Sion Stn.)

train mein hai kya raani?  (sent from Badlapur Stn.)

badlapur se dadar train chalu hai?

What is status for  thane to cst (sent from Nerul)

trains are running or not??

what about kalva to Kalyan status

What is the status for kurla to thane train????  (sent from Sewri Stn.)

kalyan to Badlapur train chalu hai? (sent from Byculla Stn.)

ambernath- cst trains how much delay expected approx? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

trains on time???

train chalu hai kya? (sent from Mulund)

vikroli to dombivli running?  (sent from Vikhroli)

what's the status of kasar train? (sent from Kopar Stn.)

how is train traffic on Dombivali station  (sent from Nilje)

काय झाल आहे ?   (sent from Dadar Stn.)

what is the central line status now?? (sent from Chinchpokli Stn.)

why trains are running late any idea?

what about up local

Is train are running timely? what is the status?

Kurla se thane is on time? (sent from Tilak Nagar Stn.)

train from kurla to kalyan running ?

is train no 17618 running on schedule?

This is the main reason why most of the people are unemployed in india. (sent from Vidyavihar Stn.)

9:47 left from Kalyan?  (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

Is there any problem in train's between vidyavihar to kurla

kalyan tk trains chalu h na?????  (sent from Dadar Stn.)

what about Thane to Badlapur?

how many mins late trains r running (sent from Bhandup)

trains status to Thane from Kalyan ? (sent from Kalyan)

from byculla to dombivali trains r there? (sent from Mahalakshmi Stn.)

Those who want to bunk office should leave home after 7, you may hear some news then (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)

mumbra se train chalu hai bhai log?

what is status of central line  (sent from Kalyan)

just now 8.09 Karjat left from badlapur (sent from Badlapur Stn.)

vidyavihar starting kyn ttain not visible in yard... but indicator showing the train... wht to do now? notknown (sent from Vidyavihar Stn.)

लोकल चालू आहे ना? (sent from Matunga Road)

how did you send rain?? (sent from Tilak Nagar)

r train running from diva to CST ????

where is khopoli cstm fast?

thane to kalyan working? (sent from Vashi)

subah mai ghatkopar se mumbra jane ki train chalu rahegi???  (sent from Govandi)

cst se any trains towarda thane? (sent from Churchgate)

what is the train status towards aasangaon? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

7:18 asangaon is running? (sent from Kalva)

bro, I just travelled from Dombivli to Dadar. it was fine till Kurla. once we crossed Kurla, that's when the trouble began. (sent from Dadar Stn.)

what happen why central line trains are late 

where is asangoan train (sent from Shahad Stn.)

what about kasara (sent from Thakurli Stn.)

are trains on time?? (sent from Ghatkopar)

where is 8.53 cst slow.?  (sent from Badlapur Stn.)

where is 9:30. kasara

cst to thane?? (sent from Charni Road)

train to Kalyan??? (sent from Thane)

how is crowd at ghatkopar? (sent from Andheri)

are central line trains running on time?

right now I am badalapur station,karjat update (sent from Badlapur Stn.)

what is the status of train from Mumbai to kalyan (sent from Vithalwadi)

where is ladies special train pls update me (sent from Sion Stn.)

ghatkopar?? (sent from Elphinstone Road Stn.)

are trains running from cst to thane? (sent from Cst Stn.)

khopoli to csmt status Pl?  (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

thane to Vashi? (sent from Kalyan)

central line train on time h kya ki late h ? please ans (sent from Goregaon Stn.)

what is train status frm dombivli to sct (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

Are trains okay after badlapur? (sent from Matunga)

any update from Titwala??  (sent from Titwala)

is the train delayed for central line too? (sent from Masjid Stn.)

badlapur la kiti vel zala train nahi aali?

are train running from Badlapur towards Kalyan?

train problem?? (sent from Kopar)

thane madhe pani bharl aahe kaa???thane train bhetel kaa??? (sent from Kurla)

what is status train cst to mumbra (sent from Masjid Stn.)

Vikhroli to Ambernath traveling possible? (sent from Vikhroli)

karjat train status? (sent from Dadar Stn.)

दादर to बदलापूर ट्रेन चालू है क्या??? (sent from Khar Road)

haha. really. you work in a caching class ? (sent from Thane Stn.)

are trains running on time? 

9:47 Kalyan status?  (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

Mumbai New York flight?  (sent from Masjid Stn.)

what is the issue? (sent from Kurla Stn.)

what about Powai? can anyone tell me the condition at Powai? I got my SBI po exam centre there (sent from Mulund)

kurla to diva train working ??? (sent from Chunabhatti)

how many months before booking tickets for train

Dadar to Pune trains hai kya? (sent from Mankhurd)

is there any train available from kanjur to ambernath today

status of Ghatkopar to mulund train? 

wt is status of khopoli train?? (sent from Thane Stn.)

Is ghatkopar to thane running or not? (sent from Andheri Stn.)

is there any water logging near thane  (sent from Ambernath)

Are trains towards bhiwandi running? (sent from Thane)

what's the status of kalyan is there any train available for badlapur  (sent from Badlapur)

I agree...second class and ticket less passengers are travelling in the first class compartment I can only imagine what is happening in the second class (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

train status from ghatkopar to cst?  (sent from Goregaon)

what happened (sent from Kalva)

anybody who would like to get added to WhatsApp group for train updates ping me (sent from Badlapur)

is it real? (sent from Kalva Stn.)

कसा ब्लाॅक सुई है? (sent from Shahad Stn.)

why trains late from vikhroli

is there problem in Kalyan to asangaon???

CST to Thane? (sent from Churchgate Stn.)

Ghatkopar ka status koi bta sakta hai kya? (sent from Badlapur Stn.)

what is the status of trains in dombivli (sent from Thakurli)

what is the current status seawood to kurla?  (sent from Seawood Darave)

what is the status for central line any update... (sent from Ambernath Stn.)

ट्रेन चालू आहेत का?  (sent from Bhandup)

are trains running late? (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)

Any update on 7:52 CST fast from Badlapur? (sent from Badlapur)

train runnig on time?

any news about harbour line ? 

central line is running or not

so traveling till Ghatkopar is possible?

what is time now for local 

trains towards CSMT is working fine ?? (sent from Ghansoli)

everyone is asking just questions....do we have anyone who can give answers?

thane to kasara train chalu hai kya???  (sent from Mira Road)

panvel rout pe late hai kya?

Is there any water logging at Kurla or Sion....??? (sent from Nahur Stn.)

what about kasara?

Any1 idea where is khopoli train reached?? 

train status for Mulund to Kalyan? (sent from Nahur)

what is exact problem was going on anyone knows ? (sent from Bhandup Stn.)

what's is the status of c.r (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)

parel to kalyan trains r on time kya? (sent from Elphinstone Road Stn.)

khopoli updates?  (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

status for sion?? (sent from Sion Stn.)

cst to thane working? (sent from Churchgate Stn.)

are the trains on tym??? both up and down (sent from Badlapur Stn.)

Badlapur bhandup sf fast current status just time ? (sent from Bhandup Stn.)

diva vasai train status? (sent from Vasai Road Stn.)

is any train are available between matunga to ghatkop (sent from Matunga Road Stn.)

problem is in down line n?  (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

Are the trains from badlapur to cstm?

Are trains running on time?

? (sent from Sion Stn.)

where? (sent from Thane Stn.)

any update why train stop  (sent from Nahur Stn.)

kurla status ??? (sent from Chunabhatti)

pls tell me what is the status between ghatkopar to badlapur

wht is problem..??Trains r stopped at Bhandup (sent from Bhandup Stn.)

did 9.05 CST from domb left? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

fast left from Dombivli which reach Thane at 1.15?

what's present status of CR locals. I want to go to CSMT  from dombivli

6.45 fast CSMT from Kalyan status?  (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

is there train from CST to Karjat (sent from Sandhurst Road)

kurla ka Kya status?

so that means trains are late 15 - 20 min???  (sent from Thane)

why have trains stopped at central line...slow track 

what is the status about thane to badlapur train

kalyan to kurla train running? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

khopoli fast of 1:00 pm not yet arrived at Thane station. can anyone update where the train is ?! (sent from Thane Stn.)

what status from badlapur (sent from Badlapur)

Dadar to thane local working? (sent from Khar Road Stn.)

status between Dombivli and vidyavihar ? (sent from Nilje)

what is the train status (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)

why train late  (sent from Ghatkopar)

Thane to karjat train chalu hai kya??

what abt mulund

Any issues on Central Railyway??? (sent from Thane Stn.)

what is the problem (sent from Badlapur Stn.)

where is badalapur cst fast local?? (sent from Thane Stn.)

which chennel

who cares  (sent from Dadar)

what about down train (sent from Thane Stn.)

thane badlapur train station?? (sent from Koparkhairne)

train status?

are the karjat to cst trains on time ?  (sent from Ambernath Stn.)

what about thane to csmt (sent from Kharghar)

please update on down fast train?? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

ambernath to Dombivali status anyone? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

is water logged in sion? (sent from Badlapur)

status of train between kalyan and amber nath? (sent from Ambernath)

1 29 khopoli ? (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)

hope trains are running?? (sent from Kalva Stn.)

why the motorman not doing alowmncement ? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

from shelu... 11.39 am train running on time??????  please reply 

why are trains late

what is the status towards shahad station

is there rain in matunga (sent from Thane Stn.)

? (sent from Kalva)

just left dude. did you miss it ? (sent from Thane Stn.)

where is karjat train (sent from Ambernath Stn.)

 what is situation of train from Kurla to Dadar. (sent from Kanjur Marg)

Nahi nahi aaj Wednesday hai toh sab band rahega kya?  (sent from Dombivli)

where is asangoan (sent from Shahad Stn.)

what happen between thane & bhandup

kalyan se cst train chalu hey?? (sent from Vangani Stn.)

Hi Guys, any transport issue due to Maharashtra bandh? (sent from Chunabhatti)

from thane to dadar?

what is the status of trains from Thane to ambernath

trains avail from mulund?

trains r working frm thane towards kalyan?

how r train working r they on time as lot if say water logging

Thane karjat train service is there ? (sent from Vithalwadi Stn.)

are trains working from ambernath to thane?

slow trains to CSTM?  (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

what is the position of train 11009 from kalyan

what about shahad to cst (sent from Shahad Stn.)

what is the issue at Central railway (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)

dombivali to Cstm trains aahet ka aata??

thane badlapur chalu haay Kya?

half people are telling trains are late, half people say trains are stacked. what's the actual status?

Ulhasnagar to thane local Chalu he kya????  (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

trains are delayed ? or on time? (sent from Ghatkopar)

9:47 Dadar fast from Kalyan status?  (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

abhi sab thik hai kya? (sent from Mulund)

kurla to curry road?

what is the status from parel to kaanjurmarg? (sent from Mumbai Central Stn.)

how the trains are working?  (sent from Dadar Stn.)

Central train are clear? 

dadar to badlapur status? (sent from Malad)

karjat se kalyan chalu he ?

what is the status for Trains of Central line 

status of train between dadar to thane? (sent from Borivali Stn.)

is there any mega block between khopoli to ghatkopar _?

trains are on time or not?

? 

??? (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

cst slow train are running damn slow don't know what to do.  (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

current status on kasara line? (sent from Mulund)

I am in the fast train reaching CST now I don't know exactly what happened but around 5 train were there between dadar and byculla in slow track (sent from Masjid Stn.)

is train running from dadar towrds thane?  (sent from Dadar)

are the trains in time now?

thane to cst? (sent from Airoli Stn.)

what's train status between kalyan to dadar? (sent from Vithalwadi)

what's is status of cat 

what is the status of central line

how abt trains from cst (sent from Elphinstone Road)

thane kalyan slow is working ?? (sent from Vashi)

kalyan kasara line chalu ahe? 

harbal line kurla to vashi kitni late he koi bataega ? (sent from Badlapur)

stuck in ladies specail... can any one tell how much time it will take to start a train (sent from Bhandup Stn.)

are you at station? (sent from Mumbra)

dombivali to cst ? (sent from Nahur)

is train left from badlapur for CST?

mulund to ghatkopar train is running or not?? (sent from Andheri)

any update from central line plzz?? (sent from Bhandup Stn.)

what's the status of badlapur  to thane? (sent from Badlapur)

what's the situation between ambernath and dombivli? 

karjat ka janari trains aahet ka chalu? 

where is kasara train, it left shahad? (sent from Shahad)

what is the train status from Kalyan to karjat

Bhandup to Thane working or not? (sent from Bhandup)

frends Sion ka ky sean hai? (sent from Vadala Road)

karjat se locals chalu he kya? (sent from Ambernath Stn.)

hi vipin how much it late

what's  stats  of  central  railways 

kasara to csmt status?

any cst fast??

how much delay of train is there

update? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

is central railway right time  ?. (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)

why trains are slow  (sent from Kurla)

what is the current situation?

is it safe to travel?? (sent from Ambernath)

dombivli to karjat chalu hai kya??? (sent from Dombivli)

cetral line local running or not ??? (sent from Dativali)

where

trains are late daily . why don't central railway shut down for a week (sent from Mulund Stn.)

diva to thane? (sent from Nilje Stn.)

Thana to ambernath what is status

Factual Position.....it's seems now slow trains are little better as the water logging in Sion and Matunga has decreased due to which movement of slow trains has improved.  (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)

what is the status of panvel thane

what abt Thane  to csmt train status??? (sent from Nahur)

is fast train available from thane to Kalyan? (sent from Kharghar Stn.)

any updates about thane Station??? (sent from Dombivli)

Dombivli train which comes by 7.47 at Kanjur... any updates?  (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)

Dadar to Thane what is situation... pls help I m new in Mumbai  (sent from Airoli Stn.)

where is kasara train now... (sent from Shahad Stn.)

what is the problem  (sent from Kurla Stn.)

Is there any train for vasai from dombivli? 

cst - thane train working??? (sent from Dockyard Road Stn.)

cst karjat running?...

Ghatkopar la jayla trains aahet ka chalu? (sent from Mulund)

is the central railway on time (sent from Charni Road Stn.)

is it raining in thane heavily? 

Trains from kalyan towards Ambernath are running properly ?  (sent from Mulund)

is there western line is running out or not??? (sent from Kalyan)

what is the status of Panvel to Nerul Train (sent from Khandeshwar Stn.)

AMBERNATH to thane rail r running properly???

what about Badlapur train

Hi, Thane to Cst train on time ?? (sent from Thane)

what is the situation (sent from Kanjur Marg)

what is train status?

are trains working ? (sent from Elphinstone Road Stn.)

central line working?

ambarnath to ulhasnagar trains available or not?

trains working from ghatkopar to thane? (sent from Andheri)

is central trains running in time? 

my boss be like working hours are 10 with Saturdays working and no hike but you still coming right? (sent from Byculla)

Train status from dombivli?  (sent from Dombivli)

is there some problem at Sandhurst Road Station?  (sent from Masjid Stn.)

what about kasara line....?  (sent from Badlapur Stn.)

train status ?? 

train from cst to thane working or not ? (sent from Byculla Stn.)

cst to andheri train chalu hei??

is trains are working downwards or still band hai?? (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)

can anyone tell if trains are on time in ghatkopar towards thane? (sent from Andheri Stn.)

?

what is the train running status from Kalyan to CST (sent from Thakurli)

status of karjat Cst train ? (sent from Neral Stn.)

karjat crossed kurla? waiting at ghatkopar (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

is there any announcement  (sent from Nahur Stn.)

what is down slow train status from thane??  (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)

m in slow ambernath train and reaching diva. shall I get down at dombivli and get khopoli train or shud I go till ambernath and wait for train coming from behind? (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)

thane ? (sent from Churchgate)

central are running on time? (sent from Santa Cruz Stn.)

any update from Thane CST train? 

trains towards cst itni late q hey mumbra aur kalva k bhich ruki thi itney time sey? (sent from Kalva Stn.)

whts the status of marine line? (sent from Kurla Stn.)

what is train status from titwala to CST? (sent from Titwala)

what is the status of badlapur local (sent from Ambernath Stn.)

what is the status at vithalvadi  (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)

when u will heard that ??? (sent from Shahad)

how it is central line situation??? (sent from chembur)  (sent from Gtb Nagar)

what is the status of train from parel (sent from Elphinstone Road)

hey Dadar to Thane trains are working? 

dadar thane working? 

what about karjat trains ?  (sent from Mahalakshmi)

no trains from kalva last 40 mints what hpn ?  any updates please   (sent from Kalva Stn.)

what is condition at klyan stn?

are trains back to normal?? 

any problems between Bhandup nahur slow track? (sent from Vikhroli)

 Thane Kalyan trains chaalu hai? (sent from Byculla)

Dadar to Dombivli train start hai kya ? (sent from Bandra)

is kasara to cst running properly ? 

what is train status (sent from Koparkhairne)

what about Kasara to Cst runing or not

  dadar to Malad ??

which the down train going to arrive at shayad plz reply

what is the status of 6:15 train from kasara

since i am travelling i really didnt able to check but what about todays salary all gone for the toss (sent from Mulund Stn.)

cst-thane? (sent from Dadar Stn.)

any idea what is the problem (sent from Kalyan)

what's the issue (sent from Dadar Stn.)

 are the trains running from cst to ulhasnagar?( sent from andheri)

what is the train status from Parel towards Kalyan? is it working? (sent from Elphinstone Road)

Dadar Sathi train ahe ka? (sent from Ghatkopar)

thane down train is on time ???? (sent from Thane Stn.)

konhi kanjur la ahe ka?

what about vidyavihar to vt (sent from Vidyavihar Stn.)

what abt Mulund 2 Dadar, status 

Any update on the first train from CST towards Kalyan?

any announcement happen regarding that train will be stop?, any update (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)

ghatkopar to Badlapur train status?? 

what about titwala and kasara train  (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

cst line in on or not?

is there any train running form Kalyan to karjat (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

Anyone at thane - are trains running toward kasara. please confirm?

central and trans harbor status? (sent from Koparkhairne)

how to reply perticular questions (sent from Bhandup Stn.)

any one have idea 8.26 kalyan? (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)

what is the status from Ghatkopar to Kalyan?? someone please reply

is kurla - dadar train running ?

Are trains working from Dadar to Thane ? (sent from Parel)

mira Rd to dadar train are working....?  (sent from Mira Road)

what to do ??? should i go for job or not? (sent from Shahad)

is there water logging in Kalyan? (sent from Nahur Stn.)

Is thr any delay in trains from Ambernath towards CST ? (sent from Ambernath)

8.29 fast badlapur status? (sent from Bhandup Stn.)

thane to cst status?

Now, is railway working well ?

train running from Titwala to Thane??

where ru stuck (sent from Kopar)

people are noob who keep replying ladies only..

what's status of train from Thane to dombiwali?

khadavli se cst train status kya hai? (sent from Khadavli Stn.)

is there train running from dadar to thane (sent from Ghatkopar)

Is train working properly?

is there any problem at slow track , almost 30 mins from nahur to thane (sent from Thane)

 Jane ka thik hai aur aane ka???

what is status of vikhroli to dadar (sent from Vikhroli)

train status??? (sent from Thane Stn.)

trains running on time from Dombivli ? (sent from Nilje)

dombivali to kasara train status ?? (sent from Kopar Stn.)

What about kalyan to Ambernath trains any one please confirm

any1 tells me where raja rani exp reached (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

status for thane to dombivli? (sent from Airoli Stn.)

what about pune from dadar train runnig (sent from Goregaon)

trains chalu hai? (sent from Juinagar)

plz send authentic news and kindly send the information which u direct have dont send anything forworded

what about kurla to thane??? (sent from Sanpada)

are trains running late?? (sent from Ambivli)

any Problem from Ambernath to CST line?

trains chalu aahet ka?

hello bro ajj to time pe train's hai kya...? (sent from Vangani Stn.)

are the trains running towards CST from badlapur?? (sent from Badlapur)

 what happened near vidyavihar ? (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)

karjat to CST train status? (sent from Bhivpuriroad)

thane to ghatkopar chalu hai kya? ho to batao. movie dekhne jaana bhai gf k sath😫 (sent from Airoli)

shahad to cst? (sent from Shahad)

is 🚆 running properly in between Parel to kanjur? (sent from Elphinstone Road)

Where's AN reach ? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

Are trains working between kalyan and asangaon?? (sent from Sanpada Stn.)

is there any fast train upcoming to kurla (sent from Vidyavihar Stn.)

hi local trains are you working today....and upto what time you will be working...its rainy heavily.. (sent from Kalyan)

what about fast train (sent from Dombivli)

from kalyan to CST?  (sent from Kalyan)

pls anyone confirm train running from Dadar to Badlapur??? (sent from Elphinstone Road Stn.)

any problem at vashi railway station?? (sent from Vashi)

train band hai kay????? (sent from Dadar)

why trains are so late today ? (sent from Mulund)

 central line running proper? (sent from Masjid Stn.)

is problem resolved at kalwa? (sent from Bhandup Stn.)

is 10:10 kasara cst on time?? (sent from Mulund Stn.)

kalyan down to ambernath train chalu h kya?

update on trns from thane to badlapur plz..?  (sent from Thane)

train status?  (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

how r central line trains status? (sent from Andheri Stn.)

what about central train status. (sent from Kopar)

kal 8.18 ki kasara se dadar ki local chalu hai kya?  

what is status of mulund to kalyan  (sent from Nahur)

what about 9:06 cst  (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

Thane  vashil?? working??

are train running smoothly between Kalyan to CST? pl answer.

is ambernath or badlapur train on time?

where is khopoli train

what is situation at Thane, towards cst? (sent from Koparkhairne Stn.)

why trains running so slow in central line.

thane se towards kalyan local status ? 

khopoli left thane or not?? (sent from Thane Stn.)

what happened

cstm fast local running from ulhasnagar ? (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)

where is 1.51 Dombivali csmt fast train (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

whats the status today? (sent from Kalyan)

kalyan to asangav ?

where do u wanna go

wats the position now? (sent from Thakurli Stn.)

is there any problem at diva?? trains standing in a row (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)

where is the train any update (sent from Mulund Stn.)

Sandhurst to dadar????? (sent from Dockyard Road Stn.)

what about the train schduled (sent from Andheri)

what's the problem enjoy (sent from Kurla)

karjat ja sakte hain kya .. ambernath se??

Are trains running smoothly between Matunga and Vidyavihar?  (sent from Matunga Stn.)

 what is the status at badlapur station 

cst to kasara??? (sent from Kopar)

train status ?

are trains working from Thane to dombivli ??? (sent from Airoli Stn.)

what about Ghatkopar to csmt. slow (sent from Kurla)

are trains running from Ulhasnagar to karjat..? 

thane to cst chalu hai kya? (sent from Thane)

Trains from Thane to CST are haulted ?

hi trains are running from ambivli to thane?

wat happened?

towards cst?? (sent from Mulund)

?

are fast trains from Thane to Dadar slow? (sent from Thane Stn.)

what is current train status? (sent from Andheri)

thane se Airoli train h Kya?? (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)

train status between thane badlapur?

what about trains from khopoli

is 7.43 thane badlapur confirmed???

mumbra to cst train chalu h kya? (sent from Masjid Stn.)

How's the situation thane to csmt local train ??

trains running from dadar? (sent from Vile Parle)

are trains running from Thane to CST? (sent from Mulund)

please share the status from dombivali to Ghatkopar?  (sent from Kopar)

what abt ghtkopar to badlapur? (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

bai koi bata de.trains ka kuch problem hai kya? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

what about ulhasnagar?

what about train status from Mumbra to Thane and thane to airoli 

what happened between diva vasai line train is not yet come to diva? why? (sent from Bhiwandi Road)

what is the status of Train from Thane

what is d status of train

train is on time today or not ? (sent from Ambernath Stn.)

thane to kasara train start hai ?

Hi are train on time from thane to kurla?? 

what about central railway delay (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

what's status Kalyan to karjat train? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

is there any problems. between mumbra and kalwa station (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)

what about diva to thane (sent from Dativali)

are trains on time from Mulund to Currey Road? (sent from Mulund)

 train are working kya from kurla to cst,?? (sent from Kurla)

central line working, Thane - Dadar?  (sent from Airoli)

ye chats main sirf ladikiyoko reply Dena jaruri he Kya? (sent from Dombivli)

? (sent from Ambernath)

hmmm just thinking what could be the answer (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

is trains are on time? 

kalyan thane train chalu hai?

any update on CST to thane trains?? (sent from Churchgate)

any status of 11:23 reaching at Kalyan from karjat? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

Trains from Kalyan to Karjat are running on time ? (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)

where is 8:03 karjat train  (sent from Thane Stn.)

Are the trains running Towards CST ? (sent from Vikhroli)

Where is mega block today on Central Railway  (sent from Tilak Nagar)

are trains from ambarnath towards CSMT on time ? (sent from Ambernath)

problem? ??? (sent from Nahur Stn.)

8:32 at where? it's 8:36 from kanjurmarg

Thane to kalyan trains are running? (sent from Kalyan)

is there trn for nerul to thane? (sent from Nerul Stn.)

khopoli train update??? (sent from Badlapur)

what's status of trains From Pune to Mumbai

kurla to Thane status?

where is badlapur train 7 42 

what about status from thane to Ambarnath

?

???? (sent from Ghatkopar)

is the train on time? from asangoan to cst

what is the status of kurla to thane ?

mulund se ulhasnagar train running? (sent from Mulund)

are trains running on time from cst to thane ? (sent from Sandhurst Road)

still trains are late?

are through trains working normally on central line towards Pune?  (sent from Borivali)

train ka kya problem hua hai? (sent from Churchgate)

is the status of train

what about central line (sent from Cst Stn.)

what status about karjat train (sent from Neral Stn.)

Any water logging on tracks?  (sent from Kalyan)

Byculla se koi train ha ky Ghatkopar ke Liya? (sent from Byculla Stn.)

what status central line (sent from Badlapur)

What is status of trains from Kalyan to Thane? (sent from Kalyan)

what about diva - Vasai line ... ??? any one please let me know

status of asangaon n kasara locals? (sent from Koparkhairne)

please ask the same question 2 times because first time chat not going  (sent from Mankhurd Stn.)

Badlapur se train chalu h?

what about rain ? aaj barish kum hai ki nahi central line pe ?

there was some technical problem in a train due to which it was cancelled from mulund station and now it has been moved to siding. hope now other stucked trains are started moving

are trains running properly between kalyan to thane?  (sent from Thakurli Stn.)

what about Thane to Kurla trains?? (sent from Vidyavihar)

cst to kalyan Train are running or not

what about cst to Kalyan (sent from Mulund Stn.)

CSMT to Pune Junction Pragathi Express train 4:37PM times se  janaevaala hai?? (sent from Mira Road Stn.)

trains are on ?

slow train status ?

what abt 

what situation at thane station

dadar to chinchpoklu chalu hai?

there's a technical problem between vidyavihar and Kurla? 

CST to Vikhroli? (sent from Marine Lines)

are tains running fine from thane towards kalyan? (sent from Bhandup Stn.)

hey guys trains aaj late aahet ka? (sent from Diva Jn)

why r train late. 

dadar to shahad trains chalu aahet ka? 

Hi is there any mega Block on central line? 

what about central line slow track (sent from Kalyan)

dadar to Kalyan status ? please!

kurla station pr pani h kya?

Kalyan se Thane takh trains chal rahi hai Kya ?  (sent from Vithalwadi)

Dombivali to Ghatkopar?? suru ahe ka (sent from Dombivli)

badlapur csmt train  status?? (sent from Badlapur)

is thane kalyan working on time ?

panvel trains are working??

is train slow towards cstm ?  (sent from Thane Stn.)

Is the central like working properly? (sent from Mulund)

what about Kurla to dombiwli (sent from Mankhurd Stn.)

 Kurla to dadar train available h...?

what about central line timing 

any train coming towards kanjurmarg for kalyan? (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)

running? 

any update from badlapur to cst train?? (sent from Badlapur)

what is status from Kalyan Badlapur (sent from Badlapur Stn.)

what is abt kalayan to badlapur (sent from Dativali)

thane to cst train working?? 

why? (sent from Thane Stn.)

thane to dombivli any trains? (sent from Mumbra Stn.)

r u sure?

what is the status towards shahad station (sent from Byculla)

train from khapoli is running or not

why? (sent from Mulund)

is trains late today? (sent from Thane Stn.)

which train...timing? (sent from Thane)

train running on central line?  (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

what is the status16345  (sent from Nerul)

what's train status towards kalyan side?

what is the train status CST to Thane ?

are trains going towards thane ?? (sent from Chinchpokli Stn.)

where is Badlapur train I am in Thane (sent from Thane Stn.)

7.58 kasara at thane is on time or not ..? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

any problem for down train from thane? (sent from Thane)

dadar to cstm train status....? (sent from Andheri Stn.)

दादर to कल्याण what status??  (sent from Jogeshwari Stn.)

train status?? Dombivali to thane (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

what the status of Thane ??  (sent from Thane)

Whats the status from Ghatkopar to kalyan? any idea?

Dadar to thane locals are running or not?

ambernath to thane? (sent from Ambernath Stn.)

Thane to ghatkopar train status please ?

what about the train status from ghatkopar to cstm??

train status towards ambernath from dombivli?

what is a issue after kalwa....train is stand still for 15 to 20 min (sent from Kalva Stn.)

what is status about heavy rain at Mumbai?? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

mulund train status ?

what is the issue near to Thane  (sent from Thane Stn.)

wt abt khar to cst? (sent from Parel)

5.44 karjat train on time?  (sent from Ambernath Stn.)

what happened central line is delay?  (sent from Mumbra Stn.)

now what is current status  (sent from Shahad)

CST Ambernath train status please? (sent from Dombivli)

centrzl line are trains running normal?  (sent from Bhandup Stn.)

kurla to Parel slow train is working?  (sent from Elphinstone Road Stn.)

any update on central rly sevice?

dadar see thane ke liye train chalu hai Kya? (sent from Dadar Stn.)

cst me jane wale train kitna minit let hai ? (sent from Dativali)

what is status of train in central line??  (sent from Badlapur)

titwala to thane train working or not???

what about thane to ghatkopar?

is there water logging  (sent from Nilje Stn.)

what the status from ulhasnagar to thane, running on time??  (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)

are the trains working on time? (sent from Kopar)

train running?  (sent from Ghansoli)

are trains working fine form vikhroli to byculla ?

khopoli train ka kya status? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

are these ppl crazy ?? why can't just read existing msgs.. just asking aame questions again n again 

what about karjat to cstm (sent from Neral Stn.)

Dombivli to Mulund? what's the status?

Are trains moving smoothly from cst to Thane?????  (sent from Mulund)

what's rain and train updates from kalyan to dadar (sent from Badlapur Stn.)

thane to ghatkopar train status? (sent from Andheri)

where is CSMT fast train of 5.09 from dombivli (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

Kalyan se Mumbai ki aur train chalu hai kya? (sent from Ghatkopar)

what about Thane to dadar  (sent from Rabale)

can someone please update..8.43 wali  at thane wali?? (sent from Thane Stn.)

Is there some signal issue in Kurla? Heard trains are running late because of that. Just started from Kalyan (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

Thane to CSTM working? (sent from Thane Stn.)

are trains working from dadar to andheri? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

???? (sent from Thane Stn.)

r trains running?

Ambernath se Thane train chal rahi he Kya? (sent from Ambernath)

fast train status dombivli? to cst (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

Kurla to dadar what is status (sent from Kalva)

are the train working for central line today ? (sent from Kanjur Marg)

Toh abhi kaun poocha?  (sent from Dombivli)

dadar to SION train running status? (sent from Sion Stn.)

dombvali to ambarnath train chalu aahe ka?

trains are in time? (sent from Badlapur)

Sion to vidyavihar me kuch problem hai Kya? (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)

from Mulund trains are running on time?? (sent from Nahur)

7.48 Mulund is late ? (sent from Mulund Stn.)

what is status of train from thane to csmt? (sent from Mumbra)

Uday train chalu aahet ka?? (sent from Mankhurd)

you can reach office in mornig..but what about while returning

is mulund to kurla train active?? (sent from Mulund)

mumbra govandi cst chalu hai k nahi? (sent from Mumbra)

trains are running???? (sent from Koparkhairne)

Ghatkopar to Dadar trains Barbar hai ? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

what is the status of khopoli (sent from Vithalwadi Stn.)

is there train going for badlapur (sent from Vikhroli)

its urgent guys . . . are trains running from ambernath to sion ???? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

central line is ok naaa?? (sent from Dativali)

trains on time?? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

hello what is the status between ghatkopar and thane (sent from Vikhroli)

what about trains from thane? pls tell (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

Badlapur mai bridge girneki news mili hai... is that true?? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

is trains are on time? (sent from Kalyan)

where is 7.40 Dadar Ambernath  (sent from Bhandup Stn.)

badlapur from cst?

what is a time of fast train from thane to Ambernat after 4:20 today 

Thane to dombivali trains chalu hai kya?  (sent from Dombivli)

what is status of trains in Dombivli  (sent from Thakurli)

amernath se csmt tak trains time se chal rahi Hain kya? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

7.40 chi dadar-ambernath local kuthe aahe?? (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

hey.. anybody pls tell me.... is there any trains between neral& matheran  now???? (sent from Khar Road)

did u reached?? bich me kahi ruki thi kya??  (sent from Mankhurd)

Why Training is Running so slowly ?  (sent from Vidyavihar)

rain status in mumbai? (sent from Dombivli)

kalyan to csmt fast local chal rhi hai?  (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

bullet train shuru hai kya frandss plss halp....??

how u know  (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

what's the announcement 

what about sion (sent from Kings Circle Stn.)

what's train status.. (sent from Bhandup Stn.)

are trains late? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

some  1 please update the status of trains from Thane to ulhasnagar ??

All local going toward karjat from Badlapur to Neral some technical issue all local moving as 10 kmph.. Back to Back karjat local are arrving at Vagani.. 6:19 karjat left know 6:28 has arrvied... at Vagani (sent from Vangani Stn.)

what about thane to badalapur (sent from Ambernath)

Kasara ?? (sent from Kandivali)

what is the status of trains from badlapur to cst? (sent from Badlapur)

where is 12.01 from karjat (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

are there any trains for Karjat now? (sent from Thane Stn.)

for train update what app me @ 7718050506 (sent from Vithalwadi)

anyone know why the trains are running late (sent from Dombivli)

9.57am THANE to CSMT slow (from Thane PF1) which started from Thane at 10.27am, has reached Vikhroli Station in 20 minutes  (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)

11.12 train cancelled? kasara to cst 

 to thane working train??

should I come from pune???

what about the train status at sian (sent from Badlapur)

should prefer fast or slow train,?? (sent from Dombivli)

has the 10:13 fast from ambernath left 

trains are running from vile parle station???? (sent from Vile Parle)

are trains closed?? (sent from Kalva Stn.)

is cst - thane train working?? (sent from Grant Road Stn.)

towards Badlpur train chalu ahe n? (sent from Dahisar)

hi friends train is raining track ? (sent from Dativali)

6.11 Kalyan?? (sent from Dadar Stn.)

dombivli to ghatokpar status??? (sent from Thakurli)

anyone? (sent from Elphinstone Road)

where is 10:15 Train... (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

is the fast trains towards csmt running on time (sent from Nilje)

what is the situation of railways (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)

kasara to cst trains are running or not??

mumbra to cst??? status plz (sent from Mumbra)

parel to kanjurmarg working? (sent from Lower Parel)

khopoli train kuthe ahe ???? (sent from Kalyan)

train late aahe ka?

titwala mein baarish hai kya?  (sent from Ghatkopar)

why slow track ia closed in kanjurmarg?? (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)

trains status from thane to dadar?????

tain is late?

Are trains on time ? (sent from Bhandup Stn.)

exactly Kya hua?? (sent from Dombivli)

actual announcement "due to heavy rain central and harbour trains are running late by 20 to 25 minutes" so you can imagine how late actually they are running

central line chalu hai kya????bahut barish ho rahi hai (sent from Diva Jn)

neral to Dadar train chalu Hai? (sent from Kandivali)

train is available from dadar to kalyan ???? (sent from Bandra Stn.)

thane to turbhe? (sent from Dativali)

what about mega block (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

kurla to karjat trains r running? 

Titwal train chalu hai kya?  (sent from Titwala)

what is the status of trains? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

are the trains running from thane to ghatkopar? (sent from Kalva)

guys don't post queuing questions. please those who are in trains and stations only to post. don't flood the sitr (sent from Vikhroli)

Is train running on time between Kurla to Karjat? (sent from Gtb Nagar)

how do you know that? (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)

thane to badlapur train on the time? 

what about dombivli to byculla (sent from Dombivli)

चालु आहे?  (sent from Dativali)

dombivli se cst train hai kya??  (sent from Dombivli)

panvel thane trains running?? (sent from Thane Stn.)

are trains running on time?? (sent from Churchgate Stn.)

what about thana to Kalyan TR (sent from Juinagar)

what about train from Thane to go to Ghatkopar  (sent from Kalva)

Hi kalyan se CsT trains ka status? (sent from Kalyan)

what is the status of trains from CST to thane (sent from Marine Lines)

any update? (sent from Bhandup)

what's the status from Sion to Ghatkopar (sent from Sion Stn.)

Badlapur fast status ?? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

11.35 amb fast status?? (sent from Ambernath Stn.)

what is the status beyond mumbra (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)

karjat to thane???? (sent from Bhivpuriroad)

how to go to ambarnath  (sent from Gtb Nagar Stn.)

what about trains from thana to ghatkopar ?? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

Diva to Borivali status?

is there any problems between thakuli & Kalyan station..

yaa where is 5:43 train (sent from Vasind Stn.)

you need oxford for this basic grammar? 😂 (sent from Thakurli Stn.)

what the current status for kalyan to cst locals (sent from Kalyan)

trains are on time??? (sent from Malad Stn.)

what is current status of trains (sent from Atgan)

there is some issue in Matunga....because of which the slow locals are stucked one behind another (sent from Elphinstone Road Stn.)

how to go thane to kalyan (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)

Up & Down, trains are running late by 15 to 20 mins....all trains are slow at Sion and Matunga..travel at your own risk or when stuck you will have to find your own fix.  (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

kurla to thane koi issue nhi hai na ? (sent from Chunabhatti Stn.)

what is status of central line (sent from Govandi)

what about bandra train (sent from Thane)

1 baje ke baad thane se vidyavihar ke liye train milegi????

what's the situation in Thane? (sent from Ghansoli)

where is 12.53 from kalyan reached now??  (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

are trains running from kalyan to karjat???? (sent from Kalyan)

towards csmt? (sent from Ambernath)

is there train running between Kalyan and thane?

thane to kalyaan any?? (sent from Kalva Stn.)

what's status for Ghatkopar to Dombivli (sent from Ghatkopar)

how it at thane?  (sent from Thane Stn.)

Kalyan to Dadar trains are running?

cst to thane trains are working? (sent from Lower Parel)

cst fast train from kalyan statys? (sent from Thane Stn.)

is train running from dombivli to thane ? (sent from Nilje)

anyone at Badlapur? fast train status? (sent from Badlapur)

status bw Thane to kalyan??  (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

any updates? (sent from Cst Stn.)

goregaon to cst train is running ?? (sent from Goregaon Stn.)

ty... and rain sts?  (sent from Mahalakshmi Stn.)

are trains running from Thane to dombivali?

same as yesterday or even worse? (sent from Shahad)

Wat's the status of Central Railway today 2wrds Kalyan Badlapur?  (sent from Kurla Stn.)

karjat ki line chalu h kya thane se ?? sundat k lie ?? (sent from Koparkhairne)

why (sent from Kings Circle Stn.)

where is 8.56 karjat ((at thane?))

problem is one of the titwala- cstm local had a technical fault in morning between currey road and parel station, which cause delay of 15- 20 min in schedule. andsome slow locals are shifted to fast rout. (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)

has the issue between bhandup and mulund resolved? (sent from Nahur)

Thane to Kalyan train status?? (sent from Mumbra)

what's the train status for Ambernath people?  (sent from Ambernath)

where is 5.54 kalyan train now frm.ghatkopar (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

KHOPOLI train where ??? (sent from Karjat Stn.)

thane to Kalyan train chalu hai ? (sent from Ambernath Stn.)

kasara se thane trains chalu hai kya?

Train running on time?

dombivli se train chalu he?  (sent from Thakurli Stn.)

ट्रैन  टाइम  पे  चल  रही  है ??? (sent from Mulund Stn.)

where is the thane train?? (sent from Kopar Stn.)

is there any problems between Kalyan to Thane (sent from Dombivli)

central trains working fine? (sent from Dockyard Road Stn.)

any train issue in vithal wadi?? (sent from Kalyan)

dombivli to Thane train status?  (sent from Kopar Stn.)

Any problems at Dadar Central Stn?? (sent from Sewri)

Nahur to dadar what is train status (sent from Nahur)

8 .27 CST fast from Badlapur status??? (sent from Kurla Stn.)

what is the status from Ambernath to thane trains are their? please update  (sent from Ambernath)

what problem? (sent from Nahur Stn.)

is it raining in dadar? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

karjat thane any water logging issue??

why only they.. why not us.. we all should stand together.. fight together... 

is there megablock today for central 

is there water logging outside mulund station  (sent from Kalva)

train working from panvel to cst? plz reply (sent from Juinagar Stn.)

what about the cst to karjat

central line csmt to dombivali is it running on time or late? (sent from Masjid Stn.)

what accident happened? can't see anything on news  (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

hello , please give information about express train , 18029 Shalimar , is that on time or late or cancel ?? (sent from Badlapur Stn.)

उल्हासनगर चे व्यापारी वर्ग आज दुकान चालू ठेवू शकतात ना? बंद तर मुंबई आहे ना? (sent from Badlapur)

what for cst

any update for kalyan kasar train??

for central line ??

what abt down side trains??

sion to dadar status?  (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

trains status from thane please ?

where is the khopoli fast train? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

passengers plz think it this and share in what up.. becuse many passengers don't use the M-Idicator chat... It's request to support other passengers those travel long distance as Badlapur,  Karjat, Kasara, Asangoan, Titwala.... Passengers there are many local for Kalyan and Thane. (sent from Mumbai Central Stn.)

slow train chalu ahet ka?? (sent from Kalva Stn.)

are train's working till Andheri ?  (sent from Santa Cruz Stn.)

rush hour me crowd Nahi Hoga kya? (sent from Dadar Stn.)

is there rain in Kurla (sent from Kings Circle Stn.)

what is status of fr asangaon??? 

train chalu hai kya?  (sent from Vithalwadi)

for those who thinks trains are late. trains are late on dispaly board, in reality atleast in every 2-5 mins trains are coming. just got a train from dombivli (sent from Kopar Stn.)

what abt shahd to cst

what is the status of Ambernath to CST?? (sent from Ambernath)

what happen in Central lane.... (sent from Kopar)

thane to cst train is there?  (sent from Vashi Stn.)

Is central railways working on time..? (sent from Ambernath)

what is the train status

how about byculla to kanjur train status (sent from Byculla Stn.)

is there trains are working in kalyan kasara  (sent from Khopoli Stn.)

trains running from cst to thane?

can anyone tell about Dadar Kalyan 15 carts train? please (sent from Dadar Stn.)

what about 7:33 @  (sent from Badlapur Stn.)

hai ya nhi chalu?

bhai log... trains hai kya amb k lie from cst???

how was the fast train running from KURLA to CST (sent from Govandi Stn.)

what is the status of central line's trains for CST

what about syadri   train is it running on time (sent from Karjat Stn.)

are the trains running in time? (sent from Badlapur)

is trains are on time from dadar to kalyan ??? (sent from Goregaon)

what is local train status from dadar to virar  (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)

why train towards CSTM running very late from Ambarnath  (sent from Ambernath Stn.)

what is the status of central line (sent from Masjid Stn.)

Ghatkopar to Kalyan trains???? (sent from Goregaon)

bhandup to kalyan ? (sent from Kalyan)

locals frn ambernath to CST running on time??? (sent from Ambernath Stn.)

8:13 fast became slow .WHY? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

dadar to vidavihar status plz??  (sent from Virar)

is it raining everywhere? 

kab tak train time pe chalegi?? (sent from Kalyan)

train to Thane is on time or late?? (sent from Kings Circle Stn.)

plzzz koi batayenga kurla karjat line chalu he Yaa nahi3??  (sent from Kurla)

What is the status of down train to karjat

diva vasai train running today?  (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

what about Thane to Badlapur trains

hi iam in ghatkopar train chalu hai? (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

trains are on time? (sent from Mumbra Stn.)

where is 9 47 kalyan dadar? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

Trains on central line are delayed by how many hiurs (sent from Shahad)

what is the status about central line . (sent from Rabale)

कोई कुर्ला पहुचा है क्या?? क्या हाल है ट्रेन के (sent from Vithalwadi)

dadar to thane can I go ? (sent from Mahim Jn Stn.)

don't ask stupid questions like what is status of trains and all. Just look at condition outside and use common sense. it would be crazy to step out of home today (sent from Mulund)

is it raining in ulhasnagar? 

what is the situations of Kalwa Mumbra anyone update (sent from Thakurli Stn.)

  Whats the Thane status??? (sent from Kalva)

guys any update from ambernath?  (sent from Ambernath Stn.)

local train delay? (sent from Rabale)

central line train problem??

status of train from Kanjurmarg? (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)

which trains  mails diverted & cancelled main line (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

how trains r running towards kalyan now  (sent from Ghatkopar)

what situation in central line train thane to karjat

what's the current status ( sent from kopar station ) (sent from Kopar Stn.)

is it a Thane train ?? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

is harbour line running ? 

Are trains on time? 

train late hai kya???

heavy rains in dombivli what is the status (sent from Dombivli)

maybe I can be friends with it?😂😂😂 (sent from Thane)

are trains on time ?

are slow trains operational from kanjur? (sent from Goregaon)

trains working or not? (sent from Churchgate)

kalyan to cst ? (sent from Kalyan)

any trains running from mulund to cst? (sent from Mulund Stn.)

is it feasible to leave for cst now from Thane ????

are fast trains from thane to cst on time?  (sent from Thane)

trine chalu ahe ka? (sent from Matunga Road)

Ambernath to thane any update?

thane to cst chalu hai kya ? (sent from Byculla Stn.)

kasara train is working properly?

trains are running properly or not

why fast trains are delayed by 15 mins  (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

Thane to dombivali?

is slow train from Diva to Kalyan running on time?? (sent from Panvel Stn.)

train status Parel to Thane? (sent from Elphinstone Road)

train dadar to balapur is on time? (sent from Kings Circle)

are trains running from gatkopar?? (sent from Andheri)

what a live status central line Mumbai  (sent from Mulund Stn.)

how much delay in kopar  (sent from Mumbra)

what problem from central line (sent from Nahur Stn.)

why

what was the situation for Matunga  (sent from Mumbra Stn.)

fast 

everything is normal trains are running smoothly no issues of water logging any where  (sent from Kings Circle Stn.)

cst to kasara local status? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

mulund to titwala ahe ka? (sent from Kanjur Marg)

kisi ko koi express train ka pata he Kya....? (sent from Dombivli)

you are asking or informing?? 

is train coming to karjat??? (sent from Karjat)

where (sent from Asangaon Stn.)

are trains  available from Kalyan to badlapur? (sent from Dadar Stn.)

what's the status for Andheri to CSMT ? (sent from Andheri)

trains are on time ? (sent from Kurla Stn.)

what is the status of dadar to ambernath train

those Who are traveling to western line please do not travel by train  (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

Train from Mulund ? (sent from Mulund)

seriously? (sent from Mulund Stn.)

Ghatkopar la jayla trains aahet ka chalu? (sent from Mulund)

what is status thane to dadar ( send from thane (sent from Thane Stn.)

what's is train status badlapur to cst

what abut kalyan to badlapur? (sent from Dombivli)

are trains running from Mulund to Dadar ? (sent from Mulund)

what about thane to dadar (sent from Ghansoli Stn.)

what is the position of central line (sent from Kalyan)

where is fast train towards cst (sent from Vithalwadi Stn.)

Is Central Line Trains Are Delayed??  (sent from Malad)

ambernath to cst ?

thane to ghat ko par status ??

what about Kalyan to Dadar (sent from Ambernath Stn.)

Mumbra me bhid hai kya ??? (sent from Mumbra Stn.)

where i asangoan train ?? any update  (sent from Shahad Stn.)

I think today's maharashtra band that's y (sent from Sion Stn.)

when is khopoli local arriving at dadar (sent from Dadar Stn.)

dombivili to thane?? 

what is issue (sent from Dombivli)

r trains working ??? (sent from Vidyavihar)

any updates from Thane station? 

hii what is the train status (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

wats d status of trains from unr to thane? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

karjat  slow time pe hai Kya ??? (sent from Ghatkopar)

what is status of center line (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

everything running good between Dadar and Vikhroli?? (sent from Santa Cruz Stn.)

what about central  (sent from Titwala)

are trains working??  (sent from Vidyavihar)

train ka kya status hai ? (sent from Bhiwandi Road)

there is some work going on parel station slow track side due to which all trains are getting delayed coz they are diverting slow trains to fast track from dadar (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

what is the status of kasara bound trains...heard some trains got cancelled

news is confirm?? 

how late trains are running  (sent from Ambernath)

T.C hai kya station par? (sent from Kurla Stn.)

8.19 from klyan current location??? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

trains current status ? (sent from Kopar)

train running on time???  (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

is train running? (sent from Parel)

what about the central line... trains are running or not..? (sent from Ghatkopar)

cst to kasara train status...???? (sent from Koparkhairne)

what's the status of central line towards Badlapur? (sent from Tilak Nagar)

are trains running from thane ?

has any train derailed at Thane stn (sent from Thane)

Trains are running as per schedule~? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

 is there trains from thane...? (sent from Nahur)

is there any issue.??

1 St class and 2nd class... I feel same.. in peak hours no deference....  (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

what's the status of station ? (sent from Sion Stn.)

what is the position of trains from Dadar to dombivili? are they running?  (sent from Dahisar)

Kalyan to thane,  any idea? 

what about nerul to thane (sent from Nerul)

kalyan Station K bahar idli wala aaya he kya??  (sent from Kalyan)

what's up (sent from Ambernath)

What. Was train status ambernath to cstm

rail roko in thane ? (sent from Ambernath Stn.)

what is the train status from thane to kalyan (sent from Lower Parel)

what is the train status towards CST (sent from Vadala Road)

dombivili to Kalyan? (sent from Thakurli)

trains are on time from Shahad to CST?

condition from Mulund to Kurla? (sent from Mulund)

any trains towards karjat?? (sent from Karjat Stn.)

train station frm kalyan to ambernath???

what about casara trains? (sent from Tilak Nagar)

Dadar to Thane local trains? (sent from Vikhroli)

nerul to thane trn chalu hai kya? (sent from Nerul Stn.)

Are trains are running from thane towards ambarnath ?? (sent from Mulund)

towards thane train are crowded?? (sent from Masjid Stn.)

is it still raining at kurla and dadar? (sent from Vikhroli)

what is the condition in matunga?

central line par local on time chal rahi hai kya??? Kurla (sent from Kurla)

are trains at time?  ulhasnagar to cst?  (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

is the trains running from shahad to cst

for local update what app me on 7718050505 (sent from Thakurli Stn.)

whether trains moving smoothly ? (sent from Vadala Road Stn.)

shahad to cst train are on time?? (sent from Shahad)

are csmt central trains working ?? (sent from Tilak Nagar)

what' about kalyan ambernath  (sent from Kalyan)

asangao train status?  (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

n what about the train which is at 9:58 at ambernath.... Khopoli train (sent from Badlapur Stn.)

kalwa station par kya halat he?  (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

Kurla to Thane chalu hai? (sent from Santa Cruz Stn.)

is there any issues near Dombivli???? (sent from Nahur Stn.)

central line status?

what's the status from mumbra towards dombivali...

Titwala train @ 8:01 Vikhroli? (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)

any mega block today for central line ? (sent from Kanjur Marg)

how about Vashi????

Sion station mai pani jama hai kya??  (sent from Gtb Nagar)

what is the status of cst to badlapur local (sent from Mahalakshmi Stn.)

are up slow trains going beyond Dadar?  (sent from Sion Stn.)

 what about ghatkopar to thane

what about train status from karjat to cst side ??is it working on time ? (sent from Matheran Stn.)

diva to vasai trains chalu hongi kya aaj?

how much time take to travel from mankhurd to vasai stn (sent from Mankhurd Stn.)

titwala cst train chalu hai kya? (sent from Shahad Stn.)

where is the prob

khopoli to kalyan local is on time ???  08.01 pm (sent from Khopoli)

kurla to karjat locals are running in between ?? (sent from Tilak Nagar)

does train running from than to dadar?

if there is no rail roko then who is spreading this fake news?? (sent from Mulund)

what is the situation from ulhasnagar to thane (sent from Shahad)

any Delay is there???  (sent from Dombivli)

mulund to kalyan trains r proper? (sent from Mulund Stn.)

what's the status of train from Titwala to CST (sent from Titwala Stn.)

gys what s d status from thakurli to thane (sent from Thakurli Stn.)

where is all titwala locals (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

train thane to Amarnath is Running or not....? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

thane se trains chalo hai kya ? (sent from Thane Stn.)

what train running position

trains r running?

is 1:32 cst fast from kalyan on time?

what are the train status (sent from Nahur)

Dombivali to gathkoper train is running?? (sent from Bhandup Stn.)

Is there any problem on cst trains (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)

Dombivali cst? 

Have trains started to ambernath side?  (sent from Malad)

is train working?  (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)

kalyan train are running ????? (sent from Nilje)

where is Badlapur train  (sent from Kalva)

pakka na Bhai? (sent from Vithalwadi)

trains are working?????  (sent from Badlapur)

guys dont think about going to office....think if u will be able to come back or not?

where is khopoli local (sent from Ambernath Stn.)

Kalyan to Thane train is available? (sent from Rabale Stn.)

what is status dader to thane train (sent from Matunga Stn.)

what's the status of the train towards thane (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)

which platform coming a Deccan exp (sent from Dadar Stn.)

is there any train for karjat from thane?  (sent from Thane)

is there any update towards kasara side?? (sent from Rabale Stn.)

kitna der late chal raha hai train?  (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)

Are trains working from thane to kalya? 

trains running? (sent from Nahur)

is it ok to stay home today due to bandh?

r trains r running?  (sent from Nilje)

cst to Kalyan train status?  (sent from Nerul)

from thane to CST trains are on time?? (sent from Vikhroli)

khopoli train kute ahe.....?? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

what is position  of bhandup  to thana

trains status till ghatkopar? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

what is the train status (sent from Kalyan)

any news regarding water lodge in sion? (sent from Mumbra Stn.)

ghatkopar - dombivili train chalu hai.? (sent from Goregaon)

is there any number to call tc in train first class is mess today instead its a sunday (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)

train time pe hai kya? kalyan to thane? 

what is the fare of ac 2 tier of train no. 12951 (sent from Ambernath)

are downside trains working?? (sent from Nerul Stn.)

train from mulund to cst running fine ? (sent from Mulund)

9 chi fast trn kute ahe badlapur chi?

Mumbra to bhyculla train status?????

Kalyan and Thane mein pani bhar ga ya hai kya ?? (sent from Titwala Stn.)

regarding thane, what does the station look like right now? is it without trains and with people waiting? I'm not at Thane right now so I have no clue (sent from Thane)

what's position at Kurla to kalyan (sent from Kalyan)

Mumbai to  Pune kal Ke express trains cancelled hai kya? (sent from Kalva)

train between titwala and kalyan are running? (sent from Titwala Stn.)

kasa mein barish chalu hai?? 

what is Vitthalwadi to cst status  (sent from Vithalwadi)

towards csmt? (sent from Ghansoli)

Kurla station status? (sent from Vikhroli)

down slow chalu ahet ka?

what is currently happening in central railway (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

cst to badlapur train chal rahi hai??

still raining? (sent from Vashi Stn.)

kitna late hai ? (sent from Andheri)

Dadar Kurla trains status pl.? (sent from Mahalakshmi)

where is train now (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

what about thane  (sent from Tilak Nagar Stn.)

kurla se mumbra ki train chalu hai kya???

is indrany is running today

Is 10:17 train from Kalyan to CST cancelled ??? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

what about dombivli to cst ? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

cst to thane train status?? (sent from Sandhurst Road Stn.)

pakka na?

anyone aware of 6:02 kasara train from kalyan? (sent from Thakurli)

what is the status of kalyn to cst route

is train running from badlapur to klyn?

what's the status at kurla (sent from Kurla Stn.)

many trains which starts from thane are getting cancelled (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

Guys why everyone is asking the same question in different way (sent from Airoli Stn.)

number lelo ek dusre ka aur what's app pe chat karo (sent from Kopar)

railway is on time or not ? (sent from Atgan Stn.)

track pe swim karke jaye fir?

what happened in thane? (sent from Nahur Stn.)

what is status at kalwa station

dadar to Thane train is working? I or not?  (sent from Dadar Stn.)

what about towards kasara (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

what is issue plz explani (sent from Matunga Road Stn.)

is there any block on central line?

sion kurla me  kya hal hai??? Central line train chal rahi kya??? sion kurla towrda kalyan (sent from Goregaon Stn.)

Are trains moving from cst on time? (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)

training running from thane to ambernath? (sent from Rabale Stn.)

2:56 Karjat left from cat????  (sent from Byculla Stn.)

are trains from Matunga to thane working???  (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)

kurla to cst train is working? 

where issues are there after thane (sent from Kalva Stn.)

konsa fatak open hai ?? (sent from Kalva Stn.)

thane to kalyan down any train issue?? (sent from Thane)

konsi konsi ari hai bhai...??? (sent from Byculla)

thane to cst ?????

so normally others slow train is working or not ???

is the route of the train will be clear from Pune to Mumbai tommorow in the morning????

any train in stuck near mumbra station?  (sent from Churchgate Stn.)

Thane to cst line ok?? (sent from Ghansoli Stn.)

? (sent from Bhandup Stn.)

Vikroli ke aage train chalu hai kya? (sent from Badlapur Stn.)

status from kalyan to kasara??

what's situation of Dombivli semi fast local? (sent from Mumbra Stn.)

vikhroli to thane?? (sent from Vikhroli)

ye central ka hi chat hai (sent from Shahad)

fast are running ok.......? (sent from Badlapur)

where is 10.40 dom train? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

what is the status of titwala trains (sent from Ambivli)

is there any any water logging

how about ghatkopar to CST 

vikhroli to mumbra??  (sent from Vikhroli)

Are trains to Kalyan from Mulund on time? 

shahad to thane train status? (sent from Shahad)

where is Kasara fast 

ambernath to Thane??  (sent from Ambernath Stn.)

Thane to dadar ?working

are mumbra csmt running? 

anybody is there at mumbra station. please tell me what is the status of the train towards cst

 what status from thane station

shahad to thane status any1? (sent from Shahad)

thane to cstm train chalu aahet ka? (sent from Thane)

Thane trains from ghatkopar available?

where are you now

We apologise for the delay @Vinod Mane, please let us know how we can do better to assist you (sent from Thane Stn.)

which trains are canceled today (sent from Thane Stn.)

thana-dombivli train chalu aahe ka?

train is on time from  dadar to ghatkopar????

 kurla to badlapur status ??? (sent from Sewri)

what is the status of train towards Kalyan from kanjurmarg (sent from Kanjur Marg)

are the trains on??  (sent from Andheri)

badlapur to cst status?  (sent from Badlapur)

how about trains from Thane to Dombivli (sent from Thane Stn.)

can a railway pass from Churchgate to Dadar... be used for Chinchpokli to Dadar? 

is thane vashi trains are working or not

kalyan to cst ? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

thane to kalyan train kitna late hai? 

is kurla to cst slow trains working? (sent from Govandi)

status?? (sent from Thane Stn.)

vashi to thane trains running?? (sent from Juinagar Stn.)

badlapur thane train any status ?

down side trains time pe hai kya? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

is trains working on time?  (sent from Kalva Stn.)

what about ghatkoper to BADLAPUR 

wer did fast local for cst reached? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

what is the status on trains in dombivli (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

why delayed 

??? (sent from Parel)

 Trains from asangaon to CST are on time?

are central railways working? (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)

train running beyond thane? (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)

thane to ghatkopar local on time chal rhi hai ??? (sent from Ghansoli)

thane to dadar train chalu hai Kya? (sent from Ghansoli)

trains delay from Kalyan?

what about thane to ambernath trains

CST to Kalyan train chal rahi hai ? (sent from Dockyard Road Stn.)

kalyan to badlapur train stoped ? (sent from Thakurli Stn.)

r trains running on time?  (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)

is train stopped? 

what is train status is it working properly? 

is training working between ghatkopar to dadar?

is the train 11. 22 karjat is on time  (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

is there any train from badlpur to cst?? 

cstm to kalyan train ?? (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)

any waterlogging between Badlapur to Ghatkopar? (sent from Badlapur)

are trains running from Ulhasnagar to Karjat? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

is it raining in aasangaon? (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)

trains running frm kalyan or not? 

are trains working on time from thane to dadar?  (sent from Koparkhairne)

we are here to discuss updates about trains.and that's the reason why people open this app (sent from Kurla Stn.)

what is status  (sent from Churchgate)

please update me about thane station. thane cst trains are there or cancelled??

then why central line is too late (sent from Sion Stn.)

titwala to Dadar train on time ?? (sent from Titwala Stn.)

train chalu ahet Ka badlapur to Thane ??? plz reply (sent from Badlapur)

wat is status of kasara asangaon train? (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)

what is that announcement about ghatkopar station? (sent from Nerul Stn.)

where is the thane karjat train now? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

Vikhroli se late train hai kya? (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)

is their any water logging??  (sent from Badlapur Stn.)

is trains are working in central???  (sent from Malad)

are the trains not stopping at kurla ?? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

are CST to thane trains running? (sent from Mumbai Central)

पाणी भरले होते .. उल्हासनगर मध्ये.. ते कमी झालं का?? (sent from Mulund Stn.)

karjat? (sent from Byculla Stn.)

are trains working in central.line ?

are Kasaraaaa trains working on time ?

badlapur to than???? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

rain between thane -Kalyan?? let.me know.. (sent from Kurla Stn.)

dombivali to ambernath status?

are trains running on time from kalyan-cst?

cst slow trains kaise chal rahe hai???

how much is th delay? (sent from Thakurli)

people please paas on the message those who are travelling right now whats the exact status of the train. 

thane to Dadar train chalu ahe ka ? (sent from Kalva)

what is train statu from Ghatkopar to parel  (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

trains are late ? please confirm.. (sent from Andheri)

train for dombivali  to thane status???? 

trains from Ghatkopar to CST are working ?

karjat train from dadar... status??? (sent from Dadar Stn.)

hi. heard cst to thane lines are delayed/ closed. is it true? (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)

where is Karjat fast local (sent from Charni Road Stn.)

what status of thane mulund trains (sent from Mulund Stn.)

are trains available feom neral to karjat ? (sent from Neral)

is train running on time? (sent from Ambivli)

what is the status of trains at badla (sent from Badlapur)

where is karjat train (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)

asangao to kalyan station ka statues kya hai? (sent from Kalyan)

Today megablock?

ambernnath to cst status pls ???

what about train status from thane towards Ambarnath?

are trains trains from asangao to thane ?? (sent from Vasind Stn.)

kalyan to dadar 9:48 is getting or not?  (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

is there train running from ghatkopar towards kalwa???  (sent from Kalva Stn.)

Karjat to Badlapur Train chalu ahe ka???

cst to kalyan train in time? (sent from Airoli)

can you guys chat slowly? I need to screenshot the chat where in the trains are running slowly and send  it to my boss as an excuse of not going to the office today. (sent from Ghatkopar)

thane se cst train chalu hai kya ? (sent from Mahalakshmi Stn.)

want to go from kasara to dadar..?

status for thane CST ?? (sent from Kalva)

Vidya Vihar to kanjur is available?? (sent from Vidyavihar)

ambernath to thane? (sent from Shahad)

what about train status Thane to cst

Trains r running on time??

what is live status of fast locals towards Badlapur from thane/CSMT (sent from Koparkhairne Stn.)

diva la patri vr pani sachl ahe ka? 

what s status of train from Thane to Cstm (sent from Kalva Stn.)

cst karjat fast train left from cst? (sent from Dadar Stn.)

kalyan se down ambernath chalu hai kya?

what is the train status (sent from Ambivli Stn.)

kalyan up local status ? (sent from Vithalwadi)

trains running on time?????

what is the current update (sent from Lower Parel)

trains are regular or still there is a problem?? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

trains status?? (sent from Dombivli)

what about Khopli train ??  (sent from Badlapur Stn.)

is it safe to travel today ?  (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

bhandup se kalyan train chalu hai kya? (sent from Bhandup)

Thane toDadar train chalu hai kya?

there is megabloac tomarrow?  (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

what is the train status from thane to kalyan (sent from Lower Parel)

no water logging at sion station ??? (sent from Gtb Nagar Stn.)

are there any problems at slow track near mulund station? (sent from Mulund Stn.)

are fast tains running fine towards karjat? (sent from Kanjur Marg)

what about karjat local?  (sent from Ambernath Stn.)

is ambernath to cst train running? bcz its raining heavyly in ambernath (sent from Ambernath Stn.)

and Western fast trains?  (sent from Thane)

trains chalu ahet? (sent from Kalva)

11.19 ki kalyan se jane wali kasara local gayi kya?? (sent from Titwala Stn.)

from thane to CST ?? are trains running

is it true ? (sent from Kurla Stn.)

how is local train running in cr (sent from Elphinstone Road Stn.)

alpesh bro...what about kurla ghatkopar train are regularly running or not (sent from Govandi)

fast trains b late chal Rahi hai kya vithalwadi se???  (sent from Vithalwadi)

status between kurla and vikhroli? (sent from Tilak Nagar Stn.)

guys Baarish mein mera umbrella bheeg Gaya kya karu?

bro kalyan ke aage CST ke liye train chalu hai kya?

anybody from dadar station?

any fast train arrived  kalyan to cst?  (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

trains towards mumbai are in time???? (sent from Badlapur)

kurla? (sent from Rabale Stn.)

is central line working .?

Badlapur to CSMT train chalu Aahet ka? (sent from Badlapur Stn.)

mulund to kanjur train status?? (sent from Mulund Stn.)

??? (sent from Bhandup)

what is problem between Mulund and Kalyan (sent from Kalva Stn.)

bolo?? (sent from Masjid Stn.)

11.00 cst from kalyan where is it (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

DADAR to kalyan train is on time?  (sent from Mahim Jn)

are trains running from thane to cst ?

ghatkopar to kalyan status?  (sent from Vikhroli)

Panchvati Stopped at Kalyan Since 45 minutes...what Happened towards CSMT end (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

दादर ते बदलापूर?? (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)

there any problem near matunga central station? (sent from Matunga Road Stn.)

ambernath to cst? 

Railway delays or in time? 

Kasara CST train chalu hai kya?

only ? are there.

what happened between mumbra and kalwa?  (sent from Kalva Stn.)

thane se train chal rahi kya?  

Kasara local to csmt is working? or any trains from Kasara to Thane??

what's the current railway status?? 

ghatkopar to CST  what's the status  (sent from Ghatkopar)

what abt ambernath to thane status (sent from Ambernath)

are ghatkopar to thane trains working? (sent from Andheri)

what is the status of the trains on central line? (sent from Kalva)

have heared Badlapur train some fire happend?? (sent from Thane Stn.)

central were on time in the morning, what's the status now

Is there any trains issue goin (sent from Nahur Stn.)

badlapur thane local status? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

dadar to vikroli kitna time lag raha hai aaj ? (sent from Borivali)

?????? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

Trains are 10 minutes late from Dombivli towards cst.. Normal rush.. Not very crowded.. one Dadar train was canceled when I was at Dombivli.. But so far trains going with normal speed and no issues till now  (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)

central railway running ?

what is issue in central line ?

which train (sent from Kalva Stn.)

sir how mach cost of quarterly paas for 1st clss (sent from Matunga)

are trains on time? (sent from Churchgate)

what about status center line upto badlapur

train running between Thane to Dadar fast?

kurla to cstm train are running? (sent from Kurla Stn.)

from ulhasnagar to thane ?  (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

vikhroli to parel kya status hai??  (sent from Vikhroli)

kurla to Thane? (sent from Chunabhatti)

? (sent from Bhandup Stn.)

Khopoli Karjat train r running from kalyan?  any update..

Tilak Nagar to CSTM train status? (sent from Nahur Stn.)

trains kitne late hy?  (sent from Thakurli Stn.)

what about train status

cst train late he kya? (sent from Koparkhairne)

are trains running from thane to cst?? (sent from Thane)

towards cst? (sent from Mankhurd Stn.)

trains from Kurla to CST - are they running or water logged, anybody there pls tell ??? (sent from Thane)

Where is kasara train plzz

what's the problem between nahur n Mulund?

what about Bhandup to Thane.?  (sent from Bhandup)

asangaon? (sent from Turbhe)

any idea why trains on Central line are not moving (sent from Nahur Stn.)

wht about Ambernath.  trains 🚄?  (sent from Ambernath)

what u said yaar 30 min pahle hi fast train se aaya hu bhandup tak (sent from Bhandup Stn.)

Dadar to Thane running or not? (sent from Vikhroli)

any slow trains late?? (sent from Andheri)

ghatkoper to Thane running ? (sent from Manasarovar Stn.)

qa scene h bhai? kaha pahucha? Did you come across any water logged tracks?

it's raining what in mumbai plz reply (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

is this group created for train delays

status about sion?  (sent from Ghatkopar)

ghatkopar to kasara train status? (sent from Goregaon)

what is train status at sion??

is there any problem tommorow with trains

Kalyan local chalu ahe ka?

hai traina dombivili to thane? 

Ghatkopar to ambernath trains are working or nor? (sent from Ghatkopar)

kalyan - karjat train chalu he kya? (sent from Kalva Stn.)

kopar to shahad trains?  (sent from Kopar Stn.)

are trains operating ??

central line operational today?  (sent from Vasind)

status from thane to ghatkopar?? bhaiyo aaj help kardo sala chutti ka accha plan hai (sent from Thane)

sure na trains r proper over there ? (sent from Mira Road Stn.)

what is the status on diva station

train is on time or not???

now who will explain our bosses? (sent from Dombivli)

any train towards cst from ambernath?? (sent from Ambernath Stn.)

thane cst chalu h kya? 

condition of trns?? (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)

train? 

what is the condition of Central line  (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

is it raining everywhere heavily ?  (sent from Karjat)

can anyone confirm whether the overhead wire has been broke at matunga...is it true??? (sent from Nahur Stn.)

trains working from Ghatkopar to Thane? (sent from Vidyavihar Stn.)

trains are on time?  (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)

is there any fast train arriving thane to csmt? (sent from Elphinstone Road)

Pawan express time pe hai Kya? (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)

Train are working ???? please confirm  (sent from Thakurli)

is train moving or not

Pragati Express is on time? (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)

are trains on time?  (sent from Bhandup)

mulund kalyan running? (sent from Chunabhatti)

how is rain in Kurla and Sion railway stations (sent from Badlapur)

ghatkopar to thane chalu ahe????  (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

Kalyan to Kasara trains chalu h kya? (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)

Is central line is running fine ? (sent from Dombivli)

what abt status of train from klyn to dadar. (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

what the status guys

konti train?? (sent from Badlapur Stn.)

ghtkopar to mumbra is on time ? or not 

what is the status of central line local trains ?

ULHASNAGAR se thane train चालू है?  (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

u personally seen?? (sent from Kalva Stn.)

slow ahet ki cancel? (sent from Airoli Stn.)

Kasara? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

any issue at vikhroli or beyond ? (sent from Thane)

Is metro functioning from Ghatkopar to Andheri? (sent from Thakurli Stn.)

is today mega block towards badlapur? (sent from Kalyan)

 Ye Japan mai baarish hui toh Mumbai waalo ko office jaana zaroori hai kya?

can you send a picture?? (sent from Dombivli)

 what happened???

what is the status of trains from Thane???

ambernath train chalu aahe ka?? (sent from Bhandup Stn.)

kurla to neral working? (sent from Kurla Stn.)

ddr to thane time pe hai kya?? (sent from Bhayander Stn.)

what is the stautus of train  (sent from Vithalwadi)

status at currey road ?? (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)

are aata Kay zhala??? ata tar paus hi nahiye😫 (sent from Malad Stn.)

hello,  what's the train status today  (sent from Vikhroli)

why trains are held on slow track  (sent from Kalva Stn.)

titwala train chalu hai kya?

central railway train status departing from cst ? (sent from Bhayander)

what about trains status 

are trains working from ambernath to dadar properly? (sent from Vithalwadi)

kurla to asangaon status? (sent from Govandi)

how much late (sent from Badlapur)

what is the status if train between Thane to dombivali?

what is train status Ambivali to cst (sent from Ambivli)

Central line working? 

what is status of trains from kurla to curry road (sent from Nerul Stn.)

anything about shahad to thane train status?  (sent from Shahad)

hey friends kalyan to cst trains are running or not? (sent from Ambivli)

tarin status  about bhandup to ambernath??? (sent from Bhandup)

what is the status for badlapur trains from thane (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

tiwale to thane train chalu hai kya? 

KP train status?  (sent from Khopoli Stn.)

what is status central train (sent from Chunabhatti Stn.)

udya office Sathi gharatun nighaycha ki nahi....??? (sent from Mulund Stn.)

ट्रेन 25 मिनिट उशीरा का धावत आहेत.? (sent from Thakurli Stn.)

information abut slow or fast trains ?

what's the problem in slow trains

csmt train  status from ambernath ?

5:01 where is nw (sent from Ghatkopar)

what's the current status (sent from Vikhroli)

Dombivli to kurla railway status... anyone plz? (sent from Kopar)

are trains running on time?

when u reach Kurla  (sent from Vithalwadi Stn.)

closed  1 St class all compartment full crowed... 2 ND class ticket holder also travel in. 1 St class. 

train towards karjat? (sent from Ambernath)

what is the status of thane can anyone plz share..??

is train running from Thane to cst? (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)

is trains are running between thane and cst? (sent from Nahur)

what is status at thane station

kurla station?? (sent from Dombivli)

Thane To kalyan status ? (sent from Mumbra)

I siggest who is plan to come offc please avoid it (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)

status? (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)

is the trains running till kurla??? (sent from Nilje)

can any body tell where the Punjab mail has reached? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

central line chalu he na?

is there train late for badlapur (sent from Tilak Nagar)

Are train on time ?

 train cst aa rhi hai Kya?? (sent from Sandhurst Road Stn.)

how much late (sent from Kanjur Marg)

what is karjat local status now

thane to kalyan chalu hai kya trains?  (sent from Thane)

water logging in dombivli station ?

trean chalu huva kya ???? sentral ka (sent from Sewri Stn.)

is there any problem in sion station due to waterlogging?

local is on time? from kurla to thane?

TRAIN IS RUNNING BUT 10 MIN AND NO ANY ISSUE TILL THANE FROM THERE I DONT KNOW SO PLEASE  EVERYONE GO OFFICE DONT WAIT WHEN TRAIN WILL RUNNING STOP..😂..... (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

Dombivli trains are running? (sent from Kalva)

kasara to cstm trains are working or not???

vashi to thane train  are running today??? (sent from Vashi Stn.)

Badlapur to CST what is status of trains?

is train working on time in central? (sent from Badlapur)

what is the train formt mumbra to dadar (sent from Mumbra Stn.)

Aaj towards kalyan local sab slow hai kya ??? (sent from Kurla Stn.)

       is the karjat trains are arriving on time???? 

where....???? (sent from Santa Cruz)

any updates for kasara? (sent from Vasind)

Kanjur marg pasun kurla chalu ahet ka ?

what about 8 . 45 Dadar

what is the status of train from dadar to diva

what sbout train status (sent from Lower Parel)

trains from ghatkopar to thane..workn or not??? (sent from Ghatkopar)

what about trains from Dombivali to CST? (sent from Thakurli)

all trains fast slow n express which have been halted near diva mumbra stations have been started now (sent from Kalva)

thane train status? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

are trains on time? (sent from Mulund Stn.)

what is position today (sent from Bhiwandi Road)

why trains running slowly today? any idea friends? (sent from Bhandup Stn.)

is any thane train comin ghatkopar??

What is trsin status on Badlapur from csmt  (sent from Badlapur Stn.)

is there train on time? (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)

Khopoli to badlapur tarin chalu ahe ka?  (sent from Khopoli Stn.)

what about mulund station? Trains are there? (sent from Kurla Stn.)

train working normally?

pls what is status between thane to asangoan. (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

Dombivali 9:48 Dadar slow cancel Kiya h kya"? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

what are the train timings from neral to matheran?? can anyone help? 

Dadar Sathi train chalu ahe ka??

thane kalyan train ka sts kya hai? (sent from Seawood Darave Stn.)

train chalu hai kya??? (sent from Elphinstone Road Stn.)

what's the issue ? (sent from Kalva)

what about Kurla to dombiwali (sent from Mankhurd Stn.)

trains stuck before mulund. what is problem (sent from Nahur Stn.)

what status of Dadar to Kalyan (sent from Dadar Stn.)

Anyone who will get to know about train status tomorrow. please let us inform about the train status in the early morning. (sent from Titwala)

can asangav train is on time...?

kurla to Kalyan ???? (sent from Kurla)

where is raining  (sent from Vangani Stn.)

6:10 CST to Karjat is on time? (sent from Badlapur)

hi, what is the status of Dombivli to thane trains...  (sent from Diva Jn)

vashi to thane trains are they working?

Ghatkopar? (sent from Mulund)

can i go kalyan to thane?

where is the badlapur train which is at 9:13 in dombivali (sent from Badlapur Stn.)

kalyan to titwala? (sent from Shahad)

can anyone help with the status of trains towards cat from diva in? (sent from Bhiwandi Road)

What about train from dadar to dombivali (sent from Borivali Stn.)

Is train running from ambernath to thane?? (sent from Ambernath)

cst to ambernath status?

airoli me chalu he auto?  (sent from Mumbra Stn.)

hi guys.. gm any idea where the karjat train has reached

what about thana train (sent from Dadar Stn.)

what about badlapur csmt status (sent from Badlapur)

What is train status........ (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

I don't know what Rly dept doing at Sunday taking mega block still at diva train are slow (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)

byculla to vikhroli working? (sent from Mumbai Central)

fast train from thane are late or on time ??

it's raining in thane??? (sent from Badlapur)

Are Trains Running from karjat To Thane? (sent from Ghatkopar)

thane to Kalyan? train running?? 

kurla kalyan status?

what is the status of trains from thane railway station 

thane to cst? (sent from Bhandup)

is central line how much delay toward CST (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)

is Asangaon local on time?? (sent from Kalva)

what about karjat trains (sent from Badlapur)

Thane???  (sent from Thane Stn.)

are trains working Kalyan to cst? (sent from Charni Road Stn.)

what is the status of trains from dadar to cstm (sent from Vile Parle)

so trains r working right? 

what's about badalpurw (sent from Marine Lines)

what is train status for central railway

thane dadar train strate or not...? 

Kitna late? 

why trains are late in central line  (sent from Dombivli)

where is 10.25PM CSMT train??? (sent from Thane Stn.)

Titwalyala Trains janar ahet ki nahi...??? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

how about dadar to thane (sent from Lower Parel)

trains are working from Dadar? (sent from Jogeshwari)

where is khopoli local now (sent from Thane Stn.)

what's the status of 7.02 cst kjt train  (sent from Kopar Stn.)

what is train running status between cst and kalyan (sent from Churchgate Stn.)

are there trains  frm ambernath to dadar ?? (sent from Ambernath)

what status kurla to badalapur (sent from Gtb Nagar Stn.)

status of trains from Thane? (sent from Mulund Stn.)

what about Thane kasara train (sent from Thane Stn.)

means no trains for Kalyan?  (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)

are trains running till ghatkopar? 

anybody please in train kindly msg trains are working fine or not?????

how's kurla Sion 

Anyone in Badlapur train? (sent from Vithalwadi Stn.)

 what about ulhasnagar train from thane (sent from Thane)

any update from dombivli stn? (sent from Dombivli)

are the trains running on time?? (sent from Dombivli)

Are trains from Karjat to CST running properly? Pls provide update (sent from Matheran Stn.)

is anyone is Badlapur train beyond Thane? where is the train right now? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

kalyan to kurla??? what's the status? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

any possiblities that i can get trsin for titvala (sent from Ghatkopar)

R the trains delayed on central line??  (sent from Govandi)

kalyan to Dadar 🚆 chalu he Kay?

kurla to ghatkopar chalu ahe ka? (sent from Kharghar)

kurla to thane ? (sent from Kurla Stn.)

 why the train was not coming of 9:13 it's too late  (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)

Hi! What abt trains for CSTM from Dombivli  (sent from Kopar Stn.)

train chalu ahet ka? (sent from Thane)

Ghatkopar to Matunga?? (sent from Andheri)

is there trains are running  (sent from Byculla Stn.)

problem solve zalay ka ?? (sent from Mulund Stn.)

what is the status of train from thane to cst?

where its gng on? (sent from Elphinstone Road Stn.)

what abt Thane to cst trains (sent from Vidyavihar Stn.)

ghatkopar see bhandup chale he Kya normal...pls...tell?? (sent from Ghatkopar)

What a performance by Central Railway. Took 0505 train at Vikhroli. Just 3 minutes late and not even crowded..👍👍.  Hats off (sent from Nahur Stn.)

but how much time it took frm ulhasnagar to kalva? (sent from Cst)

slow line is ohk??? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

will cstn to karjat fast will stop at neral?

morning me 8 to 8:30 ke kanjurmarg see Jo train gayi wo CST sahi time pohonchi Kya ? late hi sahi per pohonchi Kya . I m worried cause my kid was in that train at 8

where is badlapur cat train (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)

how are trains towards kalyan working? (sent from Parel)

what about the thane to karjat train?

are train running on time?? (sent from Kurla)

kurla to ghatkopar train status kya hai? (sent from Kharghar)

how is the rush in down train from kanjurmarg to dombivli (sent from Vikhroli)

are trains working between kalyan and thane?

what is the status for 7:18 train from kalyan to cst (sent from Kalyan)

where is kasara (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

where is khopoli train ? (sent from Dativali Stn.)

gud evening to all train 5:41 from Shadab is running 20mi late I send update when it's reach Kalyan  (sent from Shahad)

what about kalyan station ( send from kalyan station) (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

Are trains working from cst to thane? 

wat is the train status??? from Vikhroli to kalyan (sent from Vikhroli)

trains on time?  (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

what is the train status from thane Stn towards kasara side (sent from Thane)

what is the status csmt to thane (sent from Marine Lines)

any updates about Diva Vasai local?? (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)

is everything alright?  (sent from Mulund Stn.)

what was the issue???  i took 7.15 thane train frm Dadar till at Nahur (sent from Nahur)

?? (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

what is the situation of thane station ???? (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)

is Dadar to thane train running normal?  (sent from Nalla Sopara)

what is status of train from cst to Kalyan (sent from Nahur)

Sion la train jaat aahet ka?  (sent from Kurla Stn.)

how's it from byculla to vidyavihar? (sent from Byculla Stn.)

Kalyan starting train..from dadar..where is it? (sent from Dadar Stn.)

anita saraf   what about status of cst train (sent from Masjid Stn.)

central line chalu ae ka? (sent from Mumbai Central Stn.)

are trains running..? or is there water logging? (sent from Khar Road)

are the trains working fine now? CST to Thane? (sent from Elphinstone Road)

status of local towards badlapur??? (sent from Cst)

CST trine time var ahe ka??? (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)

what abt kasara train how much late  (sent from Andheri Stn.)

Kitne baje ki train? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

anyone looking for job ??? (sent from Thane Stn.)

local tran started??  (sent from Sandhurst Road)

where is khopli fast right now? (sent from Thane Stn.)

Kalyan to Ghatkopar? (sent from Kalyan)

is last train of CST on time?

it's raining heavily here in Mulund..  are trains on time??? 

metro running ? (sent from Thane Stn.)

how to go from thane to wangani 

Is  center lines working ? (sent from Churchgate)

trains from ulhssnagar to thane on time? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

status on Badlapur ? (sent from Dombivli)

Approximate how much r the trains late? (sent from Vikhroli)

parel??

cat to Kalyan train chalu hai kya ? (sent from Chembur)

only the trains are late right?

kurla to matunga?? (sent from Kurla Stn.)

are trains working? (sent from Cst Stn.)

alankar hai kya zinda?  (sent from Dombivli)

train is running on Time or not

where is 8.55 assangoan local at Titwala.. (sent from Titwala Stn.)

is central trains are on time? (sent from Cst Stn.)

is there any late train issue today

what the status of train from matunga to kurla?? (sent from Matunga Road Stn.)

what is status for kalyan to Thane fast train

12:48 asangaon abhi tak mumbra nai aayi any problem??? (sent from Mumbra Stn.)

what is the status from ghatkopar to dadar (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

local trains running proper for ambarnath??

what's the status from ghatkopar to bhandup??

Thane Station Che status??

7-41 fast from thane to CST on time? (sent from Bhandup Stn.)

trains from Thane to panvel running on time? (sent from Ghansoli)

where has khopoli train reached (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

ambernath ? (sent from Ambernath)

11.19 cstm ka status kya hai?? (sent from Thane Stn.)

what is the status of badlapur train to csmt (sent from Ambernath Stn.)

what is the status now on central line (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

Matunga king circle me pani bhara hai kya???

shahad? (sent from Shahad)

Ambernath se cst k liye trains hai?? 

hw much late? (sent from Thane Stn.)

thane to ghatkopar side train chalu he kya? (sent from Ghatkopar)

what is wrong in nahur

are trains available today??? (sent from Bhandup)

khoppli train kaha hai?

dombivali to cst trains are working ? pls confirm (sent from Dombivli)

Are trains for Karjat running properly?

plz tell me anyone kalyan to Karjat Trains  are on? 

what is the status of the train from dombivali to Thane ...?

are trains to khopoli running? (sent from Bhandup Stn.)

which one? (sent from Thane Stn.)

status of trains from dadar to CST? (sent from Dadar Stn.)

why problem  (sent from Bhandup Stn.)

????  (sent from Thane)

how's the status beyond Kalyan ? train running ?  (sent from Kopar)

are Kalyan trains working?

central line train status? (sent from Nahur Stn.)

plz say what happen (sent from Thane)

train chalu hai kya central ki??

central line is open or not...? (sent from Currey Road Stn.)

is there any train now from ghatkopar to  Ambarnath ? (sent from Santa Cruz)

dombivli CST fast train regular he na? (sent from Dombivli)

What issue guys (sent from Badlapur)

what was the train status

frn thane? (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)

are down trains Workin properly? (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)

is 8.30 karjat at thane late? (sent from Thane)

what is the status from badlapur

what is status of train thane on word?? (sent from Nahur)

ghatkopar to thane???? if yes please hit like (sent from Ghatkopar)

where is 8:44 csmt fast train? (sent from Dombivli)

is there any mega block on central line?

karjat ko trains hai? (sent from Ambernath)

Any disturbance between vikhroli to sion???  (sent from Vikhroli)

What is the status of the trains in central l u ne (sent from Airoli Stn.)

dombivli to vikhroli train status.? (sent from Dombivli)

for karjat? (sent from Vashi)

What is issue (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

kasara or asangav ab konse st par he... kalyan kab tak aayegi??  (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

what is the condition on Central railway (sent from Rabale)

गाड्या चालु आहेत का? (sent from Kalyan)

train status today?? (sent from Mira Road)

achha who cares we have ticket (sent from Thane Stn.)

is fast train is working properly? 

 train on time?

what about the train status are they late (sent from Thakurli)

From kalyan to Thane train is on time?  (sent from Kalyan)

are trains running on time from Dombivali?  (sent from Thakurli)

what is the schedule for tomorrow Sunday Megablock on central line (sent from Vikhroli)

where is thane karjat train reach. (sent from Badlapur Stn.)

anybody going towards Kalyan who r in train pls give train status (sent from Thane Stn.)

is central trains running?

is there any problem towards karjat side....no train since 20 min from kalyan..  (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

is there train from thane to csmt (sent from Kharghar Stn.)

what's local train status from Badlapur to CSMT (sent from Badlapur)

karjat jane ke liye chalu hai kya train??

train running status from vashind to kalyan please....? (sent from Vasind Stn.)

10.10 kasara left from kasara station or not? (sent from Asangaon)

are trains working in central line??

where is Thane train (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)

are trains working well... like sion station n ahead? (sent from Shahad)

any news from ambernath to Thane ? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

what is the status of trains (sent from Kalva)

kanjurmarg se cst trains are on time? 

what about the status of trans harbour railway (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)

are the trains in time ? from ghatkopar to CST ?

hy guys what is the status of train towards CSTM

ghatkopar to mulund please?

thane ko trains jaa rahe he kya?  (sent from Mahim Jn Stn.)

what about ambarnath train???

 ghatkopar se cst??? key line main kuch problem nai hena (sent from Ghatkopar)

what any Dadar to amb (sent from Gtb Nagar Stn.)

what is status dombivli to kalyan?

any train from thane to cst??????? (sent from Nahur Stn.)

thane to cst trn status?

ghatkopar se Kalyan kya status hai ?

ghatkopar to kurla train status????

are trains running from Badlapur to Thane?

trains kitni late hai????

train status? 

3.11 cst train from atgaon is on time ?

 is there train running from Kalyan to kurla (sent from Vithalwadi)

sandhurst to ghatkoper train are working ? (sent from Masjid)

cst ke liye train chalu hai? (sent from Mumbra)

when is badlapur fast train arriving?  (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

what is the  condition of train today

are there kalyan to kasara/karjat trains working?  (sent from Shahad)

trains working properly? (sent from Andheri Stn.)

plane crash again? (sent from Dombivli)

kurla to cst train chalu hai??

how much delay in central railway (sent from Badlapur)

ankush was that for kasara??  (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

slow trains are working or not from cst ?  (sent from Marine Lines)

is there water logging between Dombivli to Kalyan? (sent from Vidyavihar)

titwala cst on time?? (sent from Shahad Stn.)

from kasara asangaon train running??

train status ??

what happened 

status from thane to upwards trains?  (sent from Ghansoli Stn.)

kurla ghatkoper are working? (sent from Gtb Nagar Stn.)

is the train getting stuck in sion 

is the train working properly from dadar to kalyan ?? (sent from Bhayander)

Sion- Kanjur Marg trains running??

don't risk especially when u have your baby along ..  (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

of where ? (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)

no issues any where from thane to cstm I reached office noww (sent from Cst)

thane to titvala train chalu aahe ka?

trains running from kurla to thane?any one update pls

go to western railway chat

6:16 Panvel train plat form ? (sent from Andheri Stn.)

ट्रेन्स चालू आहेत का? डोंबिवलीला जायचं आहे (sent from Bhandup)

cst karjat fast trian is on time ? (sent from Thane)

what is status between Kalyan - Bhandup (sent from Bhandup)

where is 12:18 csmt train. (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)

Dadar CST train running? (sent from Mulund)

what about trains from Thane towards CSMT (sent from Nahur Stn.)

how is karjat root..?? (sent from Ambernath)

where is 9:56 train which comes from ambernath (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

Are up trains on time...are trains for cst on time? (sent from Kalva)

ambarnath train chal rha hai??  (sent from Thane)

i hvae to go bhandup so approx at wht tym should i leave frm here?

vikroli to csmt train running or not

karjat train from ambernath 4:04pm status???

where is karjat train? (sent from Karjat Stn.)

kalyan to CST update? (sent from Vithalwadi)

is central line working?

what about dadar to badlapur local  (sent from Vile Parle)

central trains r working? (sent from Kalyan)

what is tha status of train in kalyan to byculla ??? (sent from Vithalwadi Stn.)

are taxis working around matunga?? I want to board the train from matunga (sent from Vadala Road)

koi office se nikla hai kya? (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)

downside train barabar h kya ???

where was titwala train (sent from Ambivli Stn.)

where is Panvel - Dahanu local?? from koper (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

thane to kurla?

train ke fan chalu hai kya?

wht abt Thane to Cst? 

train halted at Kalwa station..... Kay problem aahe? (sent from Kalva Stn.)

are trains on tym ?? for Kalyan? (sent from Bandra)

what is the status towards Kalyan from Ghatkopar

y are u running in the train?  (sent from Chembur Stn.)

is there any problem between Karjat & Kalyan 

can anyone confirm Thane to ambernath train running fine or not

no train for ambernath, Badlapur, Karjat from dadar (sent from Dadar Stn.)

what's the status of trains from ulhasnagar (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)

r they running on time n fast trains are also running...? (sent from Shahad)

dombivali to cst chalu he?* (sent from Masjid Stn.)

is there a water logging at sion or matunga station? (sent from Thane Stn.)

?????? (sent from Kalva)

is central line towards thane running on time and properly?  (sent from Kings Circle Stn.)

are buses working in kurla? (sent from Kalva)

wht is the status? (sent from Vasind)

thane to cst train  running ?

kalyan to CST line is working or not ??

how  (sent from Cst Stn.)

HATS OFF to Railways for their outstanding performance despite of continuous rain from last 4 to 5 dayss.  we abuse them when their service is bad, now for a change let's appreciate  (sent from Badlapur)

kasara to cstm chalu hai kya?

do train dadar to Kalyan working ? (sent from Malad Stn.)

mumbra to thane trains running? (sent from Mumbra Stn.)

what is the issue ? (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)

from thane to kalyan  train status??? (sent from Mulund Stn.)

are trains able to reach vidyavihar station??? (sent from Kharghar)

? trains from ulhasnagar working? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

cstm to borivali train chal rahi hai kya?? any one please confirm.

what about 6:51 train thane badlapur slow (sent from Thane Stn.)

who will provide the real time data and how (sent from Vithalwadi)

train is running on time?  (sent from Nalla Sopara)

anybody know about kasara local?  (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

what's app on this Mr Aniket 9653316585 (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

what about thane to cst

what is status of train from dombivali to cst pls

Thane to Shahad?  (sent from Thane Stn.)

kalwa to CST status?  (sent from Kalva)

slow trains working?? for kalwa?  (sent from Kopar Stn.)

? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

any delay from badlapur to vikhroli? (sent from Badlapur)

is there any kasara cstm that has been cancelled (sent from kasara) 

hz d condition of vidhyavihar station? (sent from Bhandup Stn.)

This is Central line chat (sent from Ghatkopar)

csmt to thane? (sent from Marine Lines)

train ka kya scene hai ?  (sent from Kurla Stn.)

what about todays megablock pls update the status (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

central rail delay?? (sent from Nahur Stn.)

helo fraands sion me chaiwala hai kya ?

what about fast train track. are fast on time? (sent from Nerul)

so from the updates it seems thane karjat trains are running , right?

status plz ? 11:42 Khopoli

Are trains running in central railway? (sent from Cst Stn.)

what's the status of trains for dombivli to csmt?

status of pune express train ?

Ambernath se ghatkopar tak ka train chalu hai kya?? (Sent from Ambernath) (sent from Ambernath)

what about badlapur to cstm train status?

what abut khopoli...  (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

all the trains are on the time? (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)

fast train running properly? (sent from Thane)

is tomorrow mega block?

thane dadar working??! (sent from Airoli Stn.)

 how many times delay from central local

aaj train chaloo h titwala tak kya? (sent from Sewri)

 thane to badlapur is train working properly? (sent from Badlapur)

what r the position (sent from Dombivli)

trains from shahad on time?

Dadar me barish ho Rahi hai kya? (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)

mulund to kalyan train hain? (sent from Mulund)

you stay at Mulund? (sent from Kopar)

i need to travel to Thane from Ambernath are trains running? 

thane to badlapur?

why tarains are late between Nahur and mulund

what about kalwa to cstm (sent from Kalva)

need to go from kalyan to CST - is it advjsable?  (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

11:19 Kasara from Kalyan left? (sent from Shahad)

status from kurla..? (sent from Cotton Green)

What about bdalpur to  thane??? 

why (sent from Khandeshwar)

When will fast train come to the Kalyan station? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

what is update from valad to church gate (sent from Turbhe Stn.)

what is problem of central railway? (sent from Kopar)

what is the status of Dombivli thane local trins (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

central line working fine ? (sent from Nahur)

badlapur to thane  on time? (sent from Ambernath)

Where is 9:47,  Kalyan Dadar 15 dabba train ? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

what is the status of trains from kalwa? (sent from Kalva Stn.)

Dadar Kanjurmarg train is ther ??? (sent from Goregaon)

thane-cstm trains are working???? (sent from Nerul)

train are running on time or late ?? (sent from Kopar)

what is the status of trns (sent from Thakurli)

Trains from Dadar to cst status? (sent from Kings Circle Stn.)

trains available from kalyan to cst? (sent from Vithalwadi)

are trains running properly? (sent from Kurla)

what is status train from shahad (sent from Shahad)

what is the train status (sent from Chinchpokli Stn.)

what is the train  position (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

is the train running between Dadar and Kalyan (sent from Jogeshwari)

where is now 9:36 train semi fast (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)

kurla kalyan ka kya scene hai ? (sent from Kurla Stn.)

belapur varun Thane ahet Ka? (sent from Belapur Cbd Stn.)

ho Kamala Nahi jayachi icha lokanchi tujhi Kay icha ? (sent from Nilje Stn.)

Karjat se train chalu aahet ka? (sent from Dombivli)

what is the status from vikhroli to thane? (sent from Vikhroli)

kahan ho bhai

is karjat to kalyan there is meghablock?

why trains are not moving  (sent from Kalyan)

ठाण्यात काही प्रॉब्लेम आहे का? 

what about down train Dadar to ambernath (sent from Vile Parle)

what is actual time of reaching Kasara?

trains from cst are working?  (sent from Cst Stn.)

trains from mulund to kalyan running?

where is the local now?  (sent from Kanjur Marg)

what status about central line train 

are trains running on time?? (sent from Ghansoli)

how much late? (sent from Badlapur)

khopoli status plz???? (sent from Badlapur)

kal train time par rahegi ya aise hi late rahegi?? 

Friends please do not pass wrong messages here some people posting messages they are reach from Kalyan to Ghatkopar at only 35 minutes is this possible check m indicator in normal time also we can't complete distance between Kalyan to Ghatkopar at 35 minutes then how can you reach ay 35 minutes (sent from Ghatkopar)

ghatkopar te  kalyan chalu aahe Kay ? (sent from Malad)

what is the status between dadar and kalyan (sent from Shahad)

what is the current status

what is currently status 

ty bro. kya waha baarish zyada hai ya Abhi normal me girr rhi hai..? (sent from Nerul Stn.)

Today it is 12 car or 15 car ? (sent from Kurla Stn.)

is there nanded panvel train today.. from panvel

Asangaon train?  (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

train time per hai kya? (sent from Ghatkopar)

thane to badlapur train properly chal rha h ya Nhi? (sent from Badlapur)

Kyun? (sent from Dombivli)

train is running today late?

Where's badlapur train.. (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

trains running on time? (sent from Mulund)

titwala train status...??? (sent from Shahad)

Pune te lonvala  local train chalu ahe ka??? (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

thane to ghatkopr late he kya train ????

is the central line working between Dadar nad CST ? (sent from Dadar Stn.)

thane Se cst tarin chalu aahet ka ...? (sent from Kalva Stn.)

what about pune expresses?

or delayed? 

what status centrel line  treins (sent from Vikhroli)

ghatkopar ka market open hai kya stn ke pass ? 

What is the status of kalyan to cst trai 

fast trains late aahet ka? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

kurla to shahad trains chalu hai ? (sent from Santa Cruz Stn.)

Whether trains running on time between CST & Kalyan?? (sent from Turbhe)

05.30 Dadar-Kalyan Fast cancel hain kya? (sent from Dadar Stn.)

can anyone check outside Thane station if Appetite Momos is open? (sent from Jogeshwari)

status of central line? (sent from Chembur)

kanjur se kalyan ke liye trean he?

raj kumar halla kis baat ka? (sent from Mankhurd)

what is the status of trains from Kalyan to thane?

1st class means what... No AC / No Chair car. 

ambernth to CST train running status kaisa hai? (sent from Ambernath)

are trains on time?

Are trains to titwala running??

ulhasanagar cst are working? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

whats is  the status slow train? (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)

what is the condition of trains from kalyan to thane (sent from Vithalwadi Stn.)

where has 6.51 fast local from dombivli reached now ? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

any updates?? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

trains are working after thane ?? (sent from Cst Stn.)

any body has an idea if there are any direct buses plying between thane railway station to Bandra Kurla complex?  (sent from Thane Stn.)

trains working today?

Vidya Vihar to kanjur chalu h ?! (sent from Vidyavihar)

wat is d status of trains from Ulhasnagar? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

what's the status at Kalyan station towards CST ? (sent from Shahad)

what is train status in kanjurmarg to ghatkopar (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)

where is 10.37 frm titwala  (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

is trains ontime??? 

same Kalyan train. but why? (sent from Nahur Stn.)

are the trains working properly from ambernath to cst???

trains status central vidyavihar to dombivli?

aisa kya kiya??

down sides train are working ?  (sent from Vidyavihar)

dombivli to dadar station train chalu h kya ? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

Thane to ghatkopar working? please update  (sent from Koparkhairne)

thana se Kalyan chalu hai kya train? 

बदलापुर ते दादर रेल्वे व्यवस्थित चालू अाहे का ? (sent from Badlapur)

what's the status between kalyan to katjat (sent from Khar Road)

what uou want to listen (sent from Bhandup)

are trains on time?  (sent from Vithalwadi)

trains are running between kanjurmarg to bhandup? (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)

heard vidhyavihar to byculla up trains aren't r running ??  (sent from Kalyan)

is the train running on time 

what is the status of kurla to ambernath

are the Thane to CST trains running???? (sent from Mulund)

What is the status of dombivli to csmt??? (sent from Dombivli)

how much late 

on side trains? (dombivali) (sent from Kopar)

express mail are in time? 

thane to kalyan trains chalu hai kya?

Between Ghatkopar to Mulund stn track are in promlem? plz confirm.  (sent from Khar Road Stn.)

is there train running cst to ambernath ? (sent from Sewri Stn.)

are trains running properly from dombivali? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

kurla to dadar chalu hai Kya??

kidhar bread milega kya? mulund mein? ugrent asf  (sent from Bhandup Stn.)

Mumbai local...Is there a day when u perform the train running on time or without any glitches.🤔🤨 (sent from Kalva Stn.)

where is khopoli train (sent from Vithalwadi Stn.)

r trains working from thane to cst? 

why if it's late than u r not going to travel by train (sent from Kings Circle Stn.)

what about kalyan to thane?? (sent from Elphinstone Road Stn.)

position from Thane to csmt? 

are trains operating tomorrow?? (sent from Koparkhairne Stn.)

where is Ticket Examiner in Kokan kanya express train number 10111

where is fast train towards cst? (sent from Thane Stn.)

5:38 fast towards cst from Kalyan on time?

thane se train bhari aa rahi hai ya khaali?  (sent from Mulund Stn.)

hi what is train status from thane to Dombivali (sent from Airoli Stn.)

why central trains are late?  (sent from Ambernath Stn.)

9:56 cst just reached (10:26) at Kalyan... so when will 10:10 will reach  (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

badlapur to karjat train running??

any body tell me whats status of asangaon which actual time of kalyan is 6:24 (sent from Dombivli)

klwa say dadar chlu hai ke nahi trein? (sent from Kalva Stn.)

badlapur tak chalu hai kya? (sent from Vithalwadi)

where is 9.06 from kalyan (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

what is the status of central railway from thane to csmt after 12 'o' clock?

status from Ambarnath to thane..?  (sent from Ambernath Stn.)

karjat jarai Kya koi train ?  (sent from Kopar)

what about ladies special train (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

Deccan queen express kuthe ahe ??

is there is rush in trains to thane

any train of badlapur nearby kalyan??

fast train is available ?? (sent from Mumbra Stn.)

kalyan thane trains running??? (sent from Kalyan)

3:47 CST central still waiting... Any updates? (sent from Vithalwadi Stn.)

where is cst train which reach kalyan at 7:30cst fast train (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

Bhai kalyan se thane ke liye local chalu hai kya? ? ? ? 

Mulund to sion train are working??  (sent from Nahur)

Are trains running from Dadar to Churchgate ?

Are trains running from Kalyan to CST? (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)

vasind to kalyan trains are on time ya delay???

Amb to thane?? (sent from Ambernath Stn.)

10:52 arrived at thane??????  (sent from Mulund Stn.)

Are trains on time from Vikhroli to Cst ???? (sent from Vikhroli)

time vr ahait ka train ki late ??? (sent from Kopar Stn.)

what's problem in  central railway? (sent from Mulund Stn.)

 is there any issue nearby kanjur stn ?

what about central line (sent from Shahad)

What about Thane to CST trains (sent from Thane)

karasa train chalu hai kya??? (sent from Vangani Stn.)

Mumbai m barish Hy Kya ? I'm from Pune

train curry rd se ja rahe hai kya? (sent from Lower Parel)

what about down locals from thane?

central line Trains are running or not? please update (sent from Thane)

 gm central line is working or not plz kindly update anyone??? frm mumbra

CST to kasara train are working? (sent from Govandi)

thane to kasara chalu hai ky?

from where to where (sent from Churchgate)

? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

thane se kalyan trein chalu hai kya?

Pl let us whether central railway trains are running ok? (sent from Andheri)

kasara train?? (sent from Airoli)

Kalyan se Ambernath ke liye Train start Hai? plz reply 

train from vasind are running on time..? (sent from Vasind)

Thane to CST trains ?

are kasara locals on time? (sent from Cst Stn.)

???

any train between khopoli to thane? (sent from Airoli)

khopoli to CST trains r on time ?

बदलापुर ते सिएसटी सुरु आहेत का?

Status about Kalyan to csmt train?? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

dadar se diwa train chal rhi hai kya ?? (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)

kya hua, harbour line late kyu hai? (sent from Bandra)

what abt the train situation for today?  (sent from Thane)

where is 7:40 csmt fast from Karjat?? (sent from Ambernath Stn.)

Thane to CSMT??

  train from vidyavihar to thane are running...???

what's happening on vitthal vadi station 

can any one tell the status of train between Sion Kurla?? (sent from Thakurli Stn.)

what is the status of train from dombivli towards cst  (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

where is Dadar-Badlapur local scheduled at Ambernath at 05:11 (sent from Ambernath Stn.)

is thane CSTM running properly? 

 what about sion station (sent from Ghatkopar)

I will get down at Amb then look for it...you sure about compartment next to luggage right? (sent from Kalyan)

train is right time? (sent from Charni Road)

what about badlapur karjat trains ??? (sent from Badlapur)

centerline status from dadar? (sent from Dadar Stn.)

is thane station heavily crowded?

what about from dadar (sent from Malad)

Kurla se down chalu h?  (sent from Nerul)

kalyan to badlapur train chalu hai ? (sent from Cotton Green Stn.)

are trains to thane available from ghatkopar?

is there any issue between badlapur and Ambernath (sent from Vangani Stn.)

Are the train are running on time from Ambernath To Cst ? (sent from Ambernath)

any information about kalyan-cst trains? (sent from Kalyan)

any change?

mail kalyan chya pudhe aahe ka?? (sent from Vidyavihar Stn.)

what is status of kurla? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

fast train sarv station vr thambatayt ka?  (sent from Kurla Stn.)

kasara line satus?  trns r running or not  (sent from Ambernath)

khopoli trai. ka kya status hai?

what is status of trains from Thane?

any WhatsApp group where updates are more accurate? (sent from Shahad)

How's train running in central line today (sent from Chinchpokli Stn.)

is there Any problems in central line (sent from Badlapur)

i am at bhandup  bhandup to ambernath train running or not? (sent from Ghatkopar)

is there any problem in thane (sent from Cst Stn.)

Trains running in time ? (sent from Mulund)

kalyan to kasara train cha status ky aahe ?? (sent from Khardi Stn.)

karjat khopoli train is late ?  (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)

thane to krjt ahet ka train ?? update  (sent from Koparkhairne)

what's the issue on CR why the trains are delayed in Kalyan region ?? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

what is the train status from CST to Thane? are they running on time? (sent from Gtb Nagar Stn.)

Titwala train chalu h ki nahi?  (sent from Lower Parel)

ab yeh kya h.?? (sent from Ambernath)

is vasai-panvel route open!🤔?

 mulund ka kya Hal he?  (sent from Mulund)

is fast train running?  (sent from Lower Parel)

what's the status of trains from KALYAN to CSMT ?? (sent from Kalyan)

is train delay towards from gharkopar??? (sent from Ghatkopar)

Are Kasara Trains Running??? (sent from Airoli Stn.)

train status ?? (sent from Andheri)

train status beween mulilund to Dombivali?????  (sent from Mulund)

what are the train timings from neral to matheran??

Are trains running ?

train running late ???

How much delay in general ?

what is status for thane to Kalyan (sent from Airoli Stn.)

mulund se kalyan ki train chalu hai kya ???

is trains working towards Badlapur ?

thane ke aage train ja rahil hai kya ??? (sent from Kalva)

has the river ulhas flooded? (sent from Vile Parle)

what is thestatus of cst to ghatkopur (sent from Marine Lines)

what's the current status of train towards karjat (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)

it this qusn or ans? (sent from Badlapur)

from Ghatkopar? (sent from Vidyavihar)

kasara to cst update kay ahe? (sent from Titwala)

any updates about train? (sent from Mulund)

thane to kalyan train status ???

what to text (sent from Shahad)

train status from Ulhasnagar to Cstm? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

train for dadar from thane milegi kyaa?? (sent from Airoli)

are trains running? (sent from Vadala Road)

what is the status of train from karjat to kalyan (sent from Thakurli Stn.)

trains from Dadar to thane working ??? (sent from Matunga Road)

whether the train is running at Central line?? (sent from Churchgate)

trains frm diva to cst running?? (sent from Koparkhairne)

are the trains on tym from kasara to thane? 

Atleast we girls cannot join your group and make our contact numbers public. You are depriving us of important updates because of this baseless what's app group

thane to kalyan?

train r on time or late?

what is status... (sent from Elphinstone Road Stn.)

train tym pr hai kya ? (sent from Vithalwadi Stn.)

kya slow train chalu hai???? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

sir Cst ke side train chlbrhi hai ? (sent from Shahad)

where is 9:27 Dombivli local (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)

what's train status in ghatkopar to kurla area (sent from Thakurli)

what is the status about Western line ?

tiwala to CST train where is (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

why der is train from cst towards kalyan from last 30 mint, im at vikhroli atn (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)

trains are on time from asangaon?  (sent from Vasind Stn.)

train From Ulhasnagar to thane chalu hai?  (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

how to go Bandra from sakinaka

trains kab bandh hoga? 😂

badlapur to cstm train chalu ahet ka? plz updt (sent from Badlapur)

 train band aahet ka?? (sent from Nalla Sopara Stn.)

Train time pr hai kay? (sent from Ambivli)

any block in central line? (sent from Bhivpuriroad Stn.)

is kasara train left frm kalyan?  (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

where r u now (sent from Diva Jn)

is trains are working? (sent from Mahim Jn Stn.)

kalyan down to ambernath train chalu h kya?

what is the status of karjat local from cst

any update what is reson (sent from Kalva)

to Thane?  (sent from Kalyan)

really? (sent from Ghansoli Stn.)

wats the status of the train on central?? (sent from Kalyan)

where is kasara local (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

status of Dombivali locals 8.20 at joparyant??? (sent from Kopar Stn.)

Thane Ghatkopar trains hai?

what is the status of 9.:47 15 carts dadar train from kalyan.on time?

Sion station ka kya haal hai? trains chal rahi hai kya Sion tak? (sent from Andheri)

what is the status mumbra to csmt

shahad to thane train time pai haikya?  (sent from Shahad Stn.)

what is status of khopoli train? (sent from Kalva Stn.)

Train are running  or not? (sent from Rabale)

thane to CST trains are working ? (sent from Thane Stn.)

CSMT to Sion.? PLEASE reply

why are trains late today  9:05 n now 9:55 train is put up (sent from Matunga Road Stn.)

Dayum 20-30 min? D:

thane se karjat train chalu he ky?

should I Leave fr Thane ?? (sent from Kalyan)

Please, Tell e Where is the Deccan Express..??

Are trains working from titwala to CST? (sent from Titwala Stn.)

what abt Vikhroli status (sent from Kanjur Marg)

kal kalyam jana hai..Kurla se konsi train pakdu???

what's the problem. am in train and it's not moving (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)

dadar local from dombivli what's the status (sent from Kopar Stn.)

how abt autos in andheri?

thane to khopoli train chalu ahet ka?

what is train status now (sent from Kopar Stn.)

are trains running from Kurla to Dadar? (sent from Tilak Nagar)

trains working fine right ? (sent from Nahur)

which one (sent from Airoli Stn.)

train on time hai kya???

I am at Dadar (sent from Dadar Stn.)

What is the status of train?  (sent from Churchgate)

kurla to thane is train running? (sent from Govandi Stn.)

are trains on time at central down line ??? (sent from Kandivali Stn.)

What is status of technical problem at Matunga ? Are the trains running? (sent from Vikhroli)

what's is the status of ambernath n badlapur train..? 

Ambernath to Kalyan train start ?  (sent from Ambernath)

Bhai mumbara to catch any updates?

ghatkopar to thane train chal rahi hai kya???

bhandup to ghatkopar train take how much time (sent from Bhandup)

cst to central working properly? (sent from Cst Stn.)

कल्याण ते कर्जत रेल्वे नियमित चालू आहे का ?

Malad to Mumbai central train chalu hai ya nahi?

lokmanyatilak to Haridwar down 12271 will be come on which platform in kalyan

what about Thane to kurla

train from Ambernath to dadar running kya? (sent from Ambernath)

how much time would it take to start again ? (sent from Mulund Stn.)

trn from thane to shahad? (sent from Airoli)

I am coming from Borivali to go to CST shall I come or not 

आज पण मध्य रेल्वे लेट का आहे रेल्वे कडून काही पण सांगितले जात नाही कारण काय आहे ? (sent from Bhandup Stn.)

kalyan to thane train chalu h? (sent from Vithalwadi)

what is the status of central line trains  (sent from Juinagar Stn.)

Kitna late hai?? (sent from Ghatkopar)

Kurla to Mulund working??? (sent from Vikhroli)

what is status at ghatkopar (sent from Marine Lines Stn.)

Will you be funding it ? (sent from Sanpada Stn.)

what about slow trains from kalyan

what is the status of vitthalwadi to kalyan train

vo patri pe pani tumba hai to office Jana jaruri hai kya ?

what is status of trains

what happened?  (sent from Nahur Stn.)

status in Ghatkopar West? (sent from Vidyavihar)

how can u say that from elphiston road....that train are running towards badlapur (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)

what is status of train from kurla to kansara..... (sent from Chunabhatti Stn.)

dombivli to cst kya scene hai ? train chalu hai ? (sent from Kopar)

what is the current status on central line (sent from Ghansoli)

Ghansoli jaana h trains h kya? (sent from Jogeshwari)

why jumbo block??  trains r working or no?  (sent from Badlapur)

what is the status of central line trains (sent from Cotton Green Stn.)

is there any announcement  (sent from Nahur)

for Pune? (sent from Andheri)

 asangaov let me?

what's the status of up local from Kalyan?

mulund stn p konsi train lagi hai on plt 1?? (sent from Mulund Stn.)

what is the status of central line from ghatkopar

hw ia the frequency of trains frm kalyan??

why train stop (sent from Matunga Road Stn.)

Is there some flood in some area

khar road to bhandup train hai?

so kurla to Dadar blocked? (sent from Juinagar Stn.)

trains from badlapur are on time??  (sent from Badlapur Stn.)

Are train running on time from khopoli to karjat? (sent from Khopoli)

thane to dombivali train chalu he Kya ? (sent from Airoli Stn.)

Wat about vasai -panvel memo ....?

are trains running on time from Kalyan to CSMT ? (sent from Kopar Stn.)

Hi what status dombiwali to karajat (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

what is a status from kalyan to cst

what ia status for kalyan to dadar train (sent from Kopar Stn.)

thana to CST trains are runnig? (sent from Koparkhairne)

anybody else's jio services not working at Thane station? (sent from Thane Stn.)

what is condition  about tomorrows railway rout on pune to kalyan &kalyan to bhusawal

why RIP

what status badlapur to cst

are taxis working around matunga?? I want to board the train from matunga (sent from Vadala Road)

ambernath to cst local running kya? (sent from Ambernath)

Is the train from thane to cst working?  (sent from Mulund Stn.)

when is next trian from karjat to kalyam (sent from Karjat Stn.)

trains on central are running on time? (sent from Shahad)

parel  ka kya haal hai bhai ???? (sent from Dombivli)

what is the central line train status (sent from Airoli)

what is the problem in slow line (sent from Nahur Stn.)

Mulund to CST trains working? if yes how much delay? (sent from Nahur)

any one at badlapur rly stn?? (sent from Badlapur)

are fast trains running in central? (sent from Chinchpokli Stn.)

is it better after mulund/thane? towards karjat? anybody please?

is there any issues going on slow track toward thane side (sent from Bhandup Stn.)

are trains for Thane running??? (sent from Andheri)

trains working from vitthlwadi? (sent from Vithalwadi Stn.)

Kalyan to dadar what's happening?? 

is trains are running from Thane to Ghatkopar?

mumbra stn...??

what about 9.42 from ulhasnagar?? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

train are on time or not

is any problem  at central line? 

thane to Dombivali kaisa hai trains? (sent from Titwala Stn.)

m indicator walo train ka GPS leke live update ka feature update nahi karo warna ye chat ka feature kaam nahi karega.  barish aur train k safar se zyada log chatting enjoy kar rahe hai (sent from Vithalwadi Stn.)

khopoli to csmt megablock ahe ka?? (sent from Khopoli Stn.)

r trains running from Vikhroli to cst? (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)

let us know how much time it takes from mulund to thane

how are the trans from dader to thane

Ambernath?? (sent from Ambernath Stn.)

status at thane and mulund? from Bhiwandi 

is central line working properly? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

ghatkopar side train are delay??? (sent from Thane Stn.)

are train on central working fine ? or some problem has occurred ?

are trains on time or delayed? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

where is traffic police then😠😠😠 (sent from Kalva Stn.)

are trains runnin from kalayn to cst on time? (sent from Shahad)

are bhai log loogo ko ans karne do _ pura chat questions se mat bhar do_ let them ans so that sabko pata chale real Situation please  (sent from Dombivli)

what is the status of slow up train?  (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

what is the issue of slow train....vidyavihar-kalyan train in stopped between nahur and mulund (sent from Nahur Stn.)

trains running status between thane and titwala?

what's abt kurla to panvel (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

Wht about mulund to kalyan trains? are the functioning?  (sent from Thakurli)

trains for cst from shahad are on time ?

good morning to all, trains r running in time ? (sent from Badlapur)

are trains working after Thane.?  (sent from Mumbra Stn.)

kalwa me any issues kya train ka? (sent from Vikhroli)

what is train condition

are trains working? (sent from mulund)  (sent from Mulund Stn.)

Diva -vasai train kinta time late h....? (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)

is there any water logging on cstm (sent from Mulund)

is there trains are running from kalyan to CST or not? (sent from Kalyan)

what about sion kurla railway track?? is it clear, no water logging?? pls confirm (sent from Badlapur Stn.)

Thane Dadar Cha madhi kahi jala ka???  (sent from Mulund Stn.)

new mumbai mai barish haikya plz reply??? (sent from Shahad Stn.)

any trains left from Mulund now ? (sent from Thane Stn.)

what happens at nahur (sent from Kopar Stn.)

what is the stutus about thana to dadar fast (sent from Juinagar Stn.)

hello..what about the status of central train ?

status of panvel cst train ??  (sent from Nerul)

anybody knows are the trains running from thane to kurla????  (sent from Ghansoli)

what is happening in thaney (sent from Nerul)

Central Line train issue at Kurla has been resolved or not ???

why trains are late towards kalyan

what abt trains from kalyan to thane 

thane to cst working? (sent from Airoli Stn.)

90% people are asking train chalu hai kya? it's means no one is ready to go for office. . then stay at home Nd take rest . . 😂😋 (sent from Mulund Stn.)

want to go to lower parel.. trains clear?? (sent from Govandi)

is there any problems between byculla to kurla

where is titwala thane train (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

asangav where now (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

which minuets trains are late (sent from Dativali)

what no

what is the status for Thane to ambernath trains  (sent from Koparkhairne Stn.)

what's problem (sent from Nahur Stn.)

where is it (sent from Dadar Stn.)

cst  to titwala?  (sent from Churchgate)

trains are working now from Thane? 

trains to vikhroli status please?  (sent from Ghansoli Stn.)

is 447 karjat on time??

karjat side ka train chalu hai ? (sent from Kalyan)

where is fast train nw?( sent from dombivli stn) (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

where is 651 thane Badlapur train  (sent from Mumbra Stn.)

any train towards karjat? (sent from Ambernath Stn.)

what about karjat to Pune shuttle 

Office la jaayla nakki nighaych ka??

what mishap happened in thane pls tell

is there any issue between Thane to Kasara?? (sent from Kandivali)

what is status of train (sent from Vidyavihar)

towards thane ???? (sent from Vikhroli)

are trains running from ghatkopar to kurla? 

any updates about trains towards karjat?? or khopoli???  (sent from Neral Stn.)

thane se Ghatkopar ???

what about fast train  (sent from Bandra)

why trains let  7.50 cat Thane just reach kanjurmarg (sent from Ghatkopar)

central line mega block from where to were and time (sent from Kopar)

what about Thane to kalyan train status??

what about trns from badlapur? (sent from Ambernath)

what is the status of train for Shahad to  CST  (sent from Shahad)

what is the status now (sent from Kalyan)

train from ghatkopar to Kalyan?(sent from ghatkopar)

Limaye sir, this is Neelam 28

train towards cst are running..? 

todays mahalaxmi express to kolhapur on time?

what is train status from CST? (sent from Govandi)

Are trains running smoothly from Ghatkopar to Thane ? (sent from Mulund)

 hi where did you reach? (sent from Mulund)

what is the status of local from Badlapur (sent from Badlapur)

from thane to dombivli what is possition

ghatkopar to kasara train running or not???  (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

thane cst what is the status (sent from Airoli Stn.)

MCSTM TO ASANGAWON KE BICH ME TITWALA AUR.KHADVLI.ISTESHAN  KE BICH ME RELWAY STESHAN Q NAHI BANATE HOW SIR JI BICH KE GAWON WALE KO BAHOWT PARESHANI HOWTI HAI APKE a RELWAY department se binti hai APLOG dhiyan kare sir ji RELWAY dear minister sir ji

?? (sent from Vithalwadi Stn.)

Has anyone crossed Sion Matunga just now?  (sent from Mulund)

Koparkhairane se thane tak train chalu hai kya ?

trains r late by 1 hour KY???  (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)

are trains are on time? 

Any update on Ambernath - Thane line ? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

ghatkopar to thane local on time?

Central line chat room hai yaha Western ka status kum milenge (sent from Vithalwadi Stn.)

train is running...?? (sent from Ambernath)

trains r on time?

byculla Thane train status?? (sent from Dockyard Road Stn.)

what about Bhandup to Thane  (sent from Nahur)

Karjat CST on time or not?  (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

what's problem bhandup slow track (sent from Byculla Stn.)

ambernat train at kalyan which plateform come (sent from Nahur)

thane vashi chalu hai Kya? (sent from Koparkhairne)

can anybody tell mega block over for central line?

is kasara train cancelled...??? because now Karjat is on platform number 4  (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

what about ex trane

what is the status of trains towards badlapur

is there any effect on metro in this entire incident? (sent from Kalva)

Train chalo h central line ki ? plz bataiye.. (sent from Shahad)

  badlapur  to cst train chalu hai?

is train working?

have anybody no what is the status of kasara route  (sent from Shahad Stn.)

what's status of kalwa (sent from Kalva)

karjat line chalu ahe ka?  (sent from Ambernath)

anyone in khopoli train?  (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

Dadar to Ghatkopar status ? (sent from Vile Parle Stn.)

where is kurla kalyan  (sent from Vidyavihar Stn.)

Train prr hai kya ?????

Csmt la janarya train chlu aahet ka? late aaslya tar kiti laye aahet ? Sion Kurlyala Pani tubletar nahina ? (sent from Dombivli)

Any status from badlapur to cst trains?? (sent from Badlapur)

train status?  (sent from Dombivli)

where s 5.12 karjat (sent from Badlapur)

what is the current status..? (sent from Lower Parel)

is train running on time from dadar to thane? (sent from Andheri Stn.)

 u r kadi vali n giving updates kalyan?? (sent from Chinchpokli Stn.)

trains status?? (sent from Mulund)

badalpur thane?? (sent from Badlapur)

parel?? (sent from Kopar)

Can Someone please post current status of trains....??? (sent from Vithalwadi)

are trains on time in central lines?

Are trains towards Kalyan working? If yes then is it on time? (sent from Vikhroli)

Don't know why Khopoli local which comes at 10.39 at Thane always slows like a 🐌 after Dombivli (sent from Thakurli Stn.)

what about central train possation (sent from Dativali)

kurla ko paani bhara hau kya? (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)

are fast trains stuck too? (sent from Andheri Stn.)

what about trains in kurla n sion? (sent from Shahad)

to lower parel running ? (sent from Govandi)

is there news of water logging in Kurla (sent from Vadala Road)

0743 Thane badlapur left?  (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

what about trains from titwala (sent from Ambivli Stn.)

n what is the status of kasara train (sent from Shahad Stn.)

where is karjat local 7.39 from badlapur...?? (sent from Badlapur Stn.)

Kasara root is working or not

what is the status of central railway line ? (sent from Kalva)

what is the problem on central down slow track ??? (sent from Kalva Stn.)

thane kalyan chalu hai ? (sent from Koparkhairne)

upto Kurla trains available ? (sent from Khandeshwar)

I'm just wondering why exactly you said that.    (sent from Thane)

train between Kurla and Kalyan running??? (sent from Bandra)

thane to dombivli running ok???

is train working from Kurla to Vikhroli? (sent from Kurla Stn.)

Kurla to thane working well? (sent from Gtb Nagar Stn.)

what is the problem ...stuck between bhandup and nahur on slow track (sent from Nahur Stn.)

what is the issue in central line (sent from Kanjur Marg)

any update on fast trains? (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)

thne to Kalyan trn is working? (sent from Nerul)

? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

hello, r trains on time ? late by how many minutes ? (sent from Kopar)

what's the status in badlapur (sent from Badlapur Stn.)

what is the status of central railway (sent from Shelu Stn.)

where is karjat to CSMT? 

Please update on Kurla - Kanjurmarg train status?? (sent from Dadar Stn.)

is central line working properly?

train status please? does train running on time

trains are there frm badlapur to thane??? (sent from Badlapur Stn.)

is there are train from mulund (sent from Mulund)

hi! can anyone update the current status of trkopar to CSTain from Ghat (sent from Ghatkopar)

what about trains condition of kasara side

ghatkopar to mulund trains?

trains from dadar to ambarnath are running???? (sent from Dadar Stn.)

CST to Dombivli train status? (sent from Churchgate)

what's the condition at Thane station???

what about train from thane to dadar

what is the status of central line.. do we have slow trains running from Vikhroli to kalyan?

autos in thane?? (sent from Mulund)

are trains running towards karjat?

trains r late by what time

central train chal rahi h Kya??? (sent from Ghatkopar)

what Abt cst to Kalyan are the down locals running ok

what's the current status of train... trains are running or not ???? (sent from Thane)

what's the status of Kasara trains from Kurla? (sent from Kurla Stn.)

just announced at Mumbra stn that railway crossing gates were open for 30mins at Kalva due to which trains are running late (sent from Mumbra Stn.)

what is the train status on central line ?  (sent from Chembur)

r train running from Dadar to Thane? (sent from Dadar Stn.)

are trains on time from kalyan to CSMT? 

are trains running from chinchpokli to ghatkopar?? (sent from Lower Parel)

what is the status of trains.  (sent from Shahad)

Sion me kuch problem nahi hai na? (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)

any update on this guys? (sent from Cotton Green)

Trains are ok?

train status from Kalyan to thane??? (sent from Kalyan)

cst se thane slow local any idea where it is (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

what about water logging update (sent from Thane Stn.)

train status from Diva..? (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)

cst to Kurla? any updates on current status.... (sent from Marine Lines Stn.)

what is the status at ghatkopar and kurla? 

how are trains betwn KALYAN  & Dadar ?  (sent from Kalyan)

are central trains running??

what is the status from mulund (sent from Mulund)

are titwala to Cst trains running?  (sent from Titwala Stn.)

what is down train status at ghatkopar 

Kalyan Karjat train chalu hai kya? (sent from Badlapur)

cst to Thane slow train status?

what about status thane to dombivli (sent from Nerul)

guys what is the situation and metro from ghatkopar (sent from Kalva)

what is the issue

trains from kalyan to dadar are working or not ? please let me know ..

7:53 train cst from Badlapur? (sent from Ambernath Stn.)

dombivli to cst trains are on time ? (sent from Thakurli)

what is the status of central line (sent from Dadar)

what about ambernath to cst? (sent from Ambernath Stn.)

what is the status of rain in govandi (sent from Nalla Sopara Stn.)

koi shahad station pe hai Kya? (sent from Shahad)

Badlapur CSTM whats the train status ?

where is now 9:36 train (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)

no trains cst to thane but why?? (sent from Thane Stn.)

train Status from byculla to CST?  (sent from Byculla)

why don't repeat work on this water problems.Every year it's being the same. (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

are trains moving normally from Kanjur?  (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)

what about Dadar to Kalyan  (sent from Borivali)

trains r running between Thane to Kalyan ?

what reason of late train now  (sent from Nahur Stn.)

Why central railway deliver good train in peak hour.... What it's important they must think?? 

is that any train for ambernath? (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

what is the status of the train (sent from Churchgate Stn.)

what's problem in slow train ... (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)

what  is current train status

can we commute from kalyan to cst tomorrow??  (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

but what is the issue? (sent from Kalva)

status of fast train towards thane? (sent from Elphinstone Road Stn.)

बदलापूर हुन मुंबईत जाण्यासाठी ट्रेन सुरू आहेत का ? (sent from Badlapur Stn.)

is towards thane from cst trains are running normally? (sent from Kanjur Marg)

Where is dadar dombivali 5.58 (sent from Dadar Stn.)

tell me anyone please about the central line that today is megablock or not

thane to karajt...?

train are on time??????

train running towards kalyan/titwala status please?  (sent from Goregaon)

Diva vasai passenger kha PE h any update?? (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)

Thane to Kalyan train chal raha hai kya? (sent from Kalva Stn.)

heavy rains in Ambernath.. are trains at least running today?  (sent from Ambernath)

amb cst chlu ahe ka?? (sent from Ambernath)

what is the train status???? 

where is the kasara fast 9:32 in thane (sent from Kalyan)

what problem happened???? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

trains are running or not 

what about thane to diva

what's the scene from thane to dadar? (sent from Thane)

what status central line (sent from Badlapur)

trains are running kalyan to dadr???

Are trains running from kalyan to Thane?  (sent from Vithalwadi)

is the central line is ok (sent from Vithalwadi)

Are trains from Thane to kurla on time?

Kanjur se Thana ja sakte hai..? (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)

 kasara fast train 9.12 where has reached plz reply (sent from Nahur Stn.)

train running towards Thane from Kalyan or not?

trains towards thane working on time? (sent from Gtb Nagar Stn.)

any one at thane station? (sent from Mira Road)

dadar to chennai express chalu asel ka?

what about Karjat to khopoli ?.. (sent from Palasdhari Stn.)

15 dabba Kalyan fast kaha hai? (sent from Ghatkopar)

How many mins does down trains are late

Good morning everyone!! how's the status of local trains from ambernath to csmt?? please let me know someone ..

what about kasara

are the trains from thane towards cst running on time?

r trains running from kalyan towards car?

Kalyan to Pune Train chalu ahe ka..??

7.6 from Badlapur ten kute pohachliy?

csmt to kasara train status??? (sent from Shahad)

what is the status there (sent from Matunga Stn.)

trains toward kalyan is on time or not

cst to thane???

how do u people frm kasara to cst  (sent from Vile Parle)

are trains late?

any problems at Mulund ? we are stuck for the past 1/2 hour  (sent from Thane)

what's the status of Duranto (sent from Chinchpokli Stn.)

what is status of kalyan to thane trains? (sent from Ambivli Stn.)

thane to cst chalu hai kya ? (sent from Nahur)

??

trains are running or not?

any update of asangaon kasara line ? (sent from Ghatkopar)

what is local train status from thane to badlapur 

central line trains are running?  (sent from Mumbai Central)

kurla thane any prblm ? (sent from Gtb Nagar Stn.)

trains are working or not?  (sent from Rabale)

badlapur ki train band h? (sent from Sewri Stn.)

hello.. is thr megablock today...??  (sent from Badlapur)

is there a mega block tomorrow on Central line (sent from Dadar Stn.)

ghatkopar to diva running ?

any issue ??? (sent from Thakurli)

 is their trains on time? (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)

bullet train kiti vajta ahe? (sent from Ghatkopar)

where is karjat train 7:42 dombivali  (sent from Mumbra Stn.)

pune to CST indrayani train what is the position (sent from Dombivli)

Kalyan-thane route is normal or some problems are been faced??? (sent from Kalyan)

is any train for vikroli (sent from Kopar Stn.)

what about thane to dadar

thane se trains time pr hai Kya ??? (sent from Kalva Stn.)

What is status of kurla station? (sent from Khandeshwar)

are trains on time from cst to dombivali route? (sent from Kings Circle Stn.)

matunga to ghatkopar trains Working ? (sent from Mahim Jn)

trains working from kalyan to cst? (sent from Dombivli)

12.12 Kasara train kaha pe hai?  (sent from Shahad Stn.)

what about kalyan train 8.17 at dombivali (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

is any problem ahead of ghatkopar towards dadar ? (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

kalyan to ambarnath train is on time? (sent from Kalyan)

anyone knows if the central line is working? 

are trains working fine from karjat to csmt side?  (sent from Ambernath)

are the trains working on time?? (sent from Koparkhairne)

what about Kurla to Kalyan ? (sent from Chunabhatti)

what is the status of train from Ghatkopar to Kalyan

what is status about mulund to dadar? (sent from Mulund)

Thane to dombivli status please?? 

is it raining after thane ?

trains r running from Ambarnath 2 cst?

what happened (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

what about asangaon train 9.10 from kalyan (sent from Kalyan)

does local train is on time ?  (sent from Dombivli)

I'm at Diva.... parel la train ahet ka Chaaluu? (sent from Dativali Stn.)

whats the status of train on central lone from kalyan to cst??  (sent from Sandhurst Road Stn.)

are kanjur to kalyan trains running?

what's the situation at Ghatkopar? (sent from Goregaon)

ambewali train is  goin on time ? (sent from Bhayander)

any updates on train frequency ?  (sent from Mulund)

ambarnath badlapur karjat tarin na kiti gardi aahe...??

hi friends not to take risk for life all of we are asking silly questions that train is running or not plzzz stay at home 

heyyy guys , what is the status of train Thane to badlapur (sent from Belapur Cbd Stn.)

where is CSMT - Khopoli ? 

any status about fast trains? Central line??

are they working ? (sent from Mulund)

between Ulhasnagar to Thane what's the status ?

trains are running or not

Hi...  Trains are on time @ central line or not

ghatkopar status? (sent from Bhayander Stn.)

Is train is running on time? (sent from Shahad Stn.)

trains are running on time from Kalyan to CST?? (sent from Kalyan)

what is the status from neral to thane local (sent from Neral Stn.)

titwala se train hai kya??  (sent from Thane Stn.)

same bro , that's why I'm giving them funny answer to embarrass (sent from Thakurli Stn.)

now what is the status of cstm to ambernath local train

if trains are running from badlapur to CST? (sent from Badlapur)

what about Ambarnath to cst. coz it's still raining heavily (sent from Ambernath Stn.)

anyone in Karjat train? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

why train is late  (sent from Kopar Stn.)

whether trains are on time or not?? (sent from Kings Circle)

are trains working??? (sent from Chunabhatti)

train status at kurla???  (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

Dadar to Dombivali trains are working normally or delayed?  (sent from Bhayander)

Achee dinnnnnn....? (sent from Mulund)

It is any train on the way from thane to dadar or farther now?? (sent from Vidyavihar Stn.)

Go in harbour line chat section (sent from Vidyavihar Stn.)

are the trains working between vikhroli and dadar? (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)

what is the status of trains? is it raining heavily in mumbai side? (sent from klyn) (sent from Kalyan)

kalyan station is it waterlogged? (sent from Thakurli Stn.)

what is the train status between kalyan to thane (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

wb  domb to dadar fast line? (sent from Dombivli)

trains are running? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

What is 3rd AC fare of train no 11054 from AMH to LTT

🚂 is on or not

asangaon to cst train chalu hai kya??? (sent from Vasind Stn.)

what about Kalyan to Badlapur trains? and Badlapur to Kalyan trains??  (sent from Kalyan)

I heard there is a signal problem at central n trains not working is it true? 

dombivli to dadar train r working or not

are trains going to cst from ambernath? (sent from Ambernath)

pls update on Kalyan train from Thane ? (sent from Ghansoli)

Are trai bhandup to ghatgophar rubber on time.?  (sent from Bhandup)

are trains working from dadar to dombivli? (sent from Matunga Road Stn.)

kasara to dadar?? 

kurla to dombivalli trains chalu he kya?

why train are runing so slow

current status of Ghatkopar??? (sent from Andheri)

what about sion (sent from Sion)

what is the status of ambarnath to thane trains??

are trains to csmt on time ??

mumbra to CST trains are on time or delayed? 

kasara trains time pe h kya?

what's the updates of kurla and dadar towards CSMT  (sent from Ghansoli Stn.)

train on time or not?

slow trains running as usual?

hi what is the latest new about central line (sent from Mulund)

what is the status of 8.31 Ambarnath from thane. (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

kural se nerul chalu hai??

when u reach (sent from Vikhroli)

anybody at cst ??? byculla ?? khopoli fast train hai kya aaj (sent from Kurla Stn.)

what about thane to CSTM

byculla to kalwa chalu ahe ka? (sent from Tilak Nagar Stn.)

I m traveling to. Vashi via kurla from Borivali,.  what is trans harbour Andheri how can I reach vbashi (sent from Goregaon Stn.)

TMT or NMMT buses are running?

what about harbour towards wadala?

what is issue on Bhandup station, any idea?

 are trains on time? (sent from Kalva)

hi , any problems in slow track from Parel to bhandup? (sent from Elphinstone Road Stn.)

my friend wants to come at dadar from kalyan  is it safe to come ? (sent from Matunga Road Stn.)

what about ambernath to thane (sent from Ambernath)

what about thane trains? are they on time? (sent from Churchgate)

what is d status of rain in kurla and Sion. (sent from Kalva)

please update on transharbour if anybody hav?

trains are available from ambernath?  (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)

train are running towards kalyan??

is train running from thane to cst?? (sent from Kalva)

ठाणे से पनवेल जाने के लीये train चालू है क्या..??

kalyan to dadar train chalu aahe ka??

Ambernath to Kalyan???? (sent from Ambernath Stn.)

train are available from mulund?? (sent from Mulund)

wahan waterlogging kam hua hai kya? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

what is the problem at Central line ????

train chalky ahet last?

Central chalu?  (sent from Reay Road Stn.)

is central line working ? (sent from Airoli)

where is Karjat-CST fast local now (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)

thane user can uh tell me which local is on indicator at thane? (sent from Bhandup Stn.)

trains running from vidya vihar to mumbra ?????? (sent from Vidyavihar)

harbour line chalu hai kya? 

कृपया कुणी आजचा मेगाब्लॉक वेळापत्रक सांगाल का? (sent from Shahad)

m at sion. wht is the status of Central line towards CSMT? RSVP (sent from Sion Stn.)

trains are running from thane to cst?? (sent from Thane)

can I travel from Kalyan to catch? (sent from Kalyan)

trains from Sion to thane running ?? (sent from Gtb Nagar Stn.)

kalyan se train chalu hai kya cst k liyw?? (sent from Kalyan)

cental line trains are on time?  (sent from Naigaon Stn.)

what a status of central line (sent from Mulund)

are trains working from kanpur marg station to thane? (sent from Kanjur Marg)

hi what is the train status from thane? (sent from Thane)

 hello is c.rly working?? (sent from Mulund)

csmt to titwala trains running?  (sent from Ghatkopar)

Dombivli to badlapur trains are running or not? (sent from Dombivli)

What's the situation of Kasara train...????

badlapur karjat ke trains chalu hai kyaa?... from thane  (sent from Rabale Stn.)

सेंट्रल लाईन वर चे एक्सप्रेस गाडी बंद आहे का आज..? (sent from Kings Circle Stn.)

status pls ? (sent from Matunga Stn.)

Are trains working from Ghatkopar to Thane???  (sent from Andheri)

Kurla to kasara..???  (sent from Vashi Stn.)

what's the status of trains at kurla (sent from Gtb Nagar)

Mega block timing on central line???

train status dombivli to dadar?? (sent from Dombivli)

why (sent from Nahur Stn.)

status at Thane stn.? towards cst (sent from Kalva)

10:42 badlapur cst fast ka status kya hai?  (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

where is 2:11 titwala train(sent from Kalyan syn)  (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

any problem between nahur and mulund ?

are trains FROM csmt on time? (sent from Chinchpokli Stn.)

what pro in central line  (sent from Mulund Stn.)

what about trains from Thane to titwala?  (sent from Kalva)

are trains on time??

has the train resumed their normal service at central

train chalu aahet ka??

can anyone tell the situation in the Kalina area of university? (sent from Sion Stn.)

what i condition of central line train working properly 

what about trains from Ambernath towards CST ? (sent from Ambernath)

what about Andheri to Cst...? (sent from Jogeshwari)

which status in Central line (sent from Tilak Nagar)

trans harbour line trains are running?

rain update?? heavy in ulhasnagar (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

go to western line chat

trains to Kalyan.? are they working (sent from Sion Stn.)

water logging in sion ?

is it really slow?? (sent from Ambernath Stn.)

Ulhasnagar to thane??? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

Hi. Are trains running smooth between Parel and vikhroli? (sent from Elphinstone Road Stn.)

and how much late is train (sent from Kanjur Marg)

what is train status towards CST (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

Ambarnath train 10 minutes leat (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)

central line train status????

are trains late? 

cR running? (sent from Sion)

what is train status

are the trains running from ambarnath to kalyan???

what's time for megablock tomorrow in central line  (sent from Dativali Stn.)

What the status of central line (sent from Kopar)

what is status for thane to kalyan (sent from Koparkhairne)

please share current status of train between curry road and parel. issue resolved??? (sent from Nahur Stn.)

Ulhasnagar to Ghatkopar hai kya???jaldi bataoa

Ghatkopar to kalyan train running?  (sent from Virar)

9.23 CST slow train not yet arrived at ghatkopar station. Announcement at railway stn that water loggin between matunga n dadar station so train problem. (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

western line chalu h kya? (sent from Govandi Stn.)

thanks for update..what is status of fast train? (sent from Badlapur)

What is train Status frm kalyan to dadar (sent from Kalyan)

what status of 11.40 time of dombivli now where badlapur train (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)

megablock on  tomorrow...? (sent from Shahad)

kasara to Dadar trains are working?

Kurla to Dadar?

Problem with only slow track???? (sent from Dadar Stn.)

thane k liye koi train hai kya ?? (sent from Bhandup Stn.)

what about local train between vikhroli and kurla (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)

Any News about ghatkopar station? 

Kurla to Kalyan chalu hai kya?

kasara to dadar train chalu hain Kya? 

any malgadi running form Koparkhairane? (sent from Koparkhairne Stn.)

is there mega block tomorrow in central line (sent from Kings Circle)

Devgiri express Ka status Kay hai? 

mumbra mein kya haal hai doston????  (sent from Mumbra)

where karjat local  (sent from Badlapur)

what is the position at dadar ?

dadar to vikroli train chalu h kya? plz inform (sent from Andheri Stn.)

is central line working? (sent from Matunga Road Stn.)

कसारा साठी लोकल चालू आहे डोंबिवली हुन, माझ्या मित्रांनो?

Why?

are central line trains on time ? (sent from Vithalwadi)

where is kasara local?

???? (sent from Grant Road Stn.)

are train running from thane to Ghatkopar? 

7.51 ambernarth? or 8.06 thane?

what is status of gathkopar to dadar? (sent from Lower Parel)

any train to kasara from kalyan? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

trains to sewri working? (sent from Santa Cruz)

What is status of trains from Kalyan to Thane? (sent from Kalyan)

why trains will be closed actr 1 hou? 

what is the current status hyderabad train? 

 what about from Ulhasnagar? (sent from Shahad)

towards central line????  (sent from Grant Road Stn.)

does trains run well??  (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

are there any trains from Kalyan to cst? (sent from Sandhurst Road Stn.)

from titvala onwards train are working?  (sent from Lower Parel)

Ambarnath CST train chalu aahe Ka? 

is 4 39 titwala  cancelled in dadar ? (sent from Dadar Stn.)

are trains to Thane working?  (sent from Grant Road)

I have to catch a long-distance train from CST at 5pm. is there delay?  (sent from Goregaon Stn.)

Central working today? 

train is on time or not? (sent from Thane Stn.)

 upside status ambernath to cst?? (sent from Ambernath)

what is the status of 3.53 CST to karjat train?? (sent from Cst)

what's the status in diva Station? (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)

is there any train from dombivli to cst ???

train are on time?

status at ghatkopar? 

Kalyan to cst trains status ? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

check the last line(sent from ?????? station) (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)

arre trains working between Kurla and Byculla?

what is the status of thane to Ghatkopar trains (sent from Thane)

hehe ye konsa station hai? (sent from Borivali Stn.)

vikroli to dombivali train are working ?

auto and bus working in thane?? (sent from Kalva)

what is the status of downside trains...  towards Dombivli to ulhasnagar /Ambarnath  (sent from Dombivli)

is train running towards dadar...? I am in nahur Station  (sent from Nahur Stn.)

???? (sent from Goregaon)

where is 3:09 cst train  (sent from Kurla)

are Train for Ambernath working? (sent from Churchgate)

trains are in on time? (sent from Kalyan)

kalyan to cst running?  (sent from Rabale)

today all trains are on time?

any update about train station from ulhas nagar??? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

badlapur to thane? (sent from Badlapur Stn.)

ghatkopar thane train running???

asan hai to cat runing?

Diva? (sent from Diva Jn)

are trains from Karjat to CST running?  (sent from Dombivli)

where is Dadar - Badlapur Train ? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

what is water logging position at and around Kurla? (sent from Kalyan)

Kasara, Karjat running. (sent from Kurla Stn.)

Thane to Ghatkoper train chalu ahe ka??  (sent from Boisar stn) 

Hi.. dose any body knows central line train status??  (sent from Mankhurd)

where is 5.43 kasara csmt (sent from Vasind Stn.)

trains from ambernath??? (sent from Ambernath Stn.)

what is the matter  (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

realy? (sent from Vidyavihar Stn.)

where is 8.25 diva Dombivali train (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)

does anyone know when it'll arrive? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

what problem is between vithalwadi and kalyan (sent from Vithalwadi)

train are working between kalyan to csmt???? (sent from Vithalwadi)

what is issue in slow train (sent from Thane)

from dadar to kalyan train status?? (sent from Goregaon Stn.)

what is the situation Dadar to csmt  (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

the status of train badlapur from Kalyan 9:23??? (sent from Badlapur Stn.)

mulund sa 10.55 ka cst ka kay? (sent from Mulund Stn.)

what about Kalyan to cst

where  is badlapur CST fast (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)

?????

what about trains from dombivali to cst (sent from Dadar)

areee......  kurla to badlapur trains hai kya?

badlapur to bhadup...is available? (sent from Badlapur)

piyush goyal sir kindly take care of trains why are running late always as there no rain also for excuse (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

are trains working for central line? (sent from Andheri Stn.)

why the train not moving for 45 min (sent from Nahur Stn.)

what is status from dadar to thane (sent from Kandivali)

train status?? (sent from Gtb Nagar)

guys I'm willing to travel from vikhroli to titwala.... how late are trains running  (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)

what's the position of badlapur to dombivli

any problem between Sion and Kurla ??? (sent from Thakurli Stn.)

khopoli train? (sent from Karjat)

what is status of train towards kalyan (sent from Andheri)

आसनगाव कि ओर जानेवाली लोकल ट्रेने समय पर चल रही है क्या? 

khopoli train kidhr hai ???? pls someone update (sent from Badlapur Stn.)

central fast track to perfect time ?    please conform me (sent from Goregaon)

what is status of trains from kasara to Mumbai?  (sent from Khadavli Stn.)

any update from kalyan??  (sent from Thakurli Stn.)

also stop making locals wait for mail crossing for 10-15 mins.. when mail is not ready to cross.. they keep waiting for mail trains.. Meanwhile 2-3 locals can pass easily in tht period (sent from Mumbra Stn.)

where has ladies spl reached  (sent from Elphinstone Road Stn.)

kasar to cst local train  on time hai kya?? (sent from Mankhurd)

central line status pls anyone? (sent from Matunga)

hi.. whats train updates? (sent from Bhayander Stn.)

can people have some brain and stop typing 'hi' and ' what's the status' stop spamming the chat with unnecessary statements and questions

are there trains from thane towards kalyan and vice versa?  (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

what is the status of thana cst train status (sent from Chembur Stn.)

what is the current status  (sent from Kurla Stn.)

Is there some issue between Kurla and Vikroli station  (sent from Kings Circle Stn.)

need train update what's app@7718050505 (sent from Vithalwadi)

how is the situation in sion (sent from Cst)

karjat se ane vali train late he aj kya?

when is the train to Kasara from Dombivli after 5 pm

Dadar to ambernath... train chalu hai kya .. ?

what is the issue.... pls explain (sent from Thane Stn.)

what happened actually? why trains are running slow. (sent from Bhandup Stn.)

dombivali to badlapur train are running???  (sent from Thakurli)

9 1 chi karjat train sutli ka cst vrun ? (sent from Thane Stn.)

Mumbai to Pune mail express chalu hai kya?  (sent from Kalyan)

are the trains working from masjid bunder to andheri??? 

thane to kalyan running? (sent from Kalva)

what about trains running towards khopoli..?

Dombivali to Thane train chal rahi hai ? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

there is waterloading between kalwa and thane??? (sent from Thakurli)

hi train running is on time?

konti train geliye kA dombivli varun?  (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

ghatkopar to ambarnath status? (sent from Vikhroli)

what is the status of kalyan to kasara line (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

what about central line (sent from Thane Stn.)

what is the current train status ... towards thane.. (sent from Vadala Road)

Is there any train from Thane towards CST (sent from Thane Stn.)

trains at shahad? (sent from Shahad)

Why there is no any announcement when dombivali 6:20pm from vikhroli is halt at one place from last 25 to 30 min.. why no update from railway?????  (sent from Nahur Stn.)

karjat kalyan train suru ahe ka?

are trains running on time to cst? (sent from Dadar Stn.)

what is the situation between Kasara to Thane route 

what is the status of Central train  (sent from Ambernath)

cst to Thane......????  (sent from Churchgate)

what is the current situation of dadar to kanjurmarg track

what is the train status (sent from Kurla Stn.)

what abiut kalyan to badlapur? (sent from Dombivli)

fast train kuthe aahe?  (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

trains from ghatkopar to mumbra? (sent from Koparkhairne)

what is the status of local Train (sent from Ghatkopar)

trains are running on schedule ???(Kanjurmarg)

is fast trains are available for dombivali???? (sent from Masjid Stn.)

why train is late any reason? (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)

10.01 arrived at PF 1 Catch that one (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

central train are working ok ? (sent from Karjat)

central trains are in time na..? (sent from Vidyavihar)

Any good news from Sion? 😁😁😁 (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

are trains running fine today?  (sent from Thane Stn.)

is today megablock ? (sent from Thane Stn.)

what about mulund to ambernath (sent from Mulund)

why there is delay on central line from Kurla to Thane. (sent from Kurla Stn.)

what about karjat line...

what is the problem in kalyan Station

what's d stairs of trains from Khairan to Dadar

train on time Kasara line? (sent from Shahad)

kalyan to kasara train chalh hai kya....?

train is running from Ghatkopar to CST? (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

are trains on time?

what is the status of central line

Trains from CSTM to Thane working? (sent from Cotton Green Stn.)

train running properly or not ? (sent from Masjid Stn.)

CST to karjat ?? (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)

sion kurla mai water logging hai kya? (sent from Ghatkopar)

train chalu hai na ??? (sent from Kalyan)

what??

ino information at bhandup why train is halted (sent from Bhandup Stn.)

now 6.21 karjat fast from CST has reached byculla (sent from Byculla Stn.)

train late aahet ka? i am reaching  (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)

by how many min trains are delay (sent from Badlapur)

Dombivali to vikroli train chalu ahe ka?  (sent from Thakurli)

what's the running status of local train from Kalyan to CST,any water logging anywhere,pls response anyone (sent from Kopar Stn.)

any idea of fast local towards cstm?  (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

I heard trains are till Sion only and not going ahead??  (sent from Kalva)

Where is Ticket Examiner in Kokan kanya express train number. 10111

WHAT ABOUT MULUND AND NAHUR  (sent from Bhandup)

Dadar se varli train ahet ka??? (sent from Badlapur)

what about trains from dadar towards vidyavihar? 

where is badlapur dadar local noe

11302 How much late (sent from Gtb Nagar Stn.)

can anyone update on trains from badlapur? 

what about dombivli train (sent from Dombivli)

are trains between Thane and Kalyan running today? (sent from Navade Road)

kasara to cst are on time or not??

so that is the reason why I came to Kalyan from Ambivali (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

wts d update fr trains towards & frm badlapur?? (sent from Badlapur)

train status from badlapur??

Badlapur to CST what is status (sent from Badlapur Stn.)

what is today's status of train (sent from Khopoli)

Bhiwandi to koper train status ? (sent from Bhiwandi Road Stn.)

but what is the problem (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

what is the status of train ?

is Kalyan slow left from Sion ? (sent from Vidyavihar Stn.)

trains towards titwala on time?? (sent from Churchgate)

is there any issues ,ahead of bhandup? (sent from Bhandup)

thane to kalyan montly price kay hai ?

what about train to kasar (sent from Byculla Stn.)

where is 10:39 khopoli 🚆 (sent from Thane Stn.)

ghatkopar to dombivli trains working??? (sent from Chembur)

is centeral line train are running on time? (sent from Kurla Stn.)

Vasind ka status?? (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)

what is the status of trains for tommorow? (sent from Thane)

train status from titwala to cst???  (sent from Titwala)

am confused...accident..? engine fail.....? (sent from Bhandup Stn.)

heavy rain on central lines? (sent from Ambernath)

are karjat ahe ka? (sent from Badlapur Stn.)

what is the cost for all over mumbai 1st class pass (sent from Cst)

fast train chalu hai cstm? (sent from Thane Stn.)

train chalu ahet ka ? (sent from Kalyan)

train chalu hai kya bhai??? (sent from Sion)

are trains on time? (sent from Mulund)

kurla to ghatkopar is it running? (sent from Mankhurd)

Ghatkopar to CST trains are running? (sent from Andheri Stn.)

baarish hai kurla mei??  (sent from Mumbra)

fast trains are running ok ? (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)

what about trains towards karjat (sent from Karjat Stn.)

what about trains in central line (sent from Chinchpokli Stn.)

where is 7.50 khopoli fast (sent from Kurla Stn.)

what is the status at kurla

train chalu aahet ka central line chya ????? (sent from Chunabhatti)

what is the train status of Central line (sent from Kalyan)

chalu hai kya trains ? 

where is 7:30 khopoli now ? (sent from Ghatkopar)

Kurla cst train status ?

vidharbha express expect time pleas? (sent from Vithalwadi)

where is 5:45 dombivli fast train?? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

what is status of trains at badlapur station central line

trains ??? (sent from Badlapur)

announcement at Kurla station that slow trains have been cancelled (sent from Kurla Stn.)

asangaon to Kalyan  Chalu hai Kya? (sent from Asangaon Stn.)

which trains (sent from Vithalwadi Stn.)

Sion mein Pani bhara hai kya?

what about Ghatkopar to kalyan 

Bhandup to Dadar? (sent from Churchgate)

live train status..? (sent from Masjid Stn.)

train chalu h na? (sent from Vashi Stn.)

 train is working kalyan to dadar? (sent from Kalyan)

central line trains ??

is it running now? 

where is thane Badlapur 651 train  (sent from Mumbra Stn.)

any update on dombivili station trains to csmt? (sent from Dombivli)

badlapur te thane trainchi update milel ka? (sent from Badlapur)

what is the status of Train between Thane to dadar (sent from Vikhroli)

what about sion to bhandup (sent from Bhandup Stn.)

is there any water logged in matunga ?  (sent from Mahalakshmi)

whats the status on thane? train stopped between kalwa and thane (sent from Kalva)

mumbai to thane status ?? (sent from Vithalwadi)

guys what status about badlapur to karjat (sent from Badlapur)

parel to kurla? trains are running? (sent from Grant Road Stn.)

haeavy rain ? (sent from Thakurli Stn.)

rains anywhere? (sent from Chunabhatti)

is any train (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)

cst trains are working on tim frm mumbra???

r trains running from Vidya vihar to Dombivli?  (sent from Vidyavihar)

Titwala side trains are late by how much time 

mulund to dombivali chalu hey kya? (sent from Mulund)

Kalyan to Ambernath??? (sent from Vithalwadi)

is there any problem  towards cst?  (sent from Mankhurd Stn.)

how is situation in Kalyan Station?  (sent from Rabale)

are the trains on gujarat route runing smoothly???? (sent from Thakurli Stn.)

hello ..can anyone tell me what is the status of 10.50 kasara train from cst.. ?? (sent from Juinagar Stn.)

is train running between Kalyan and CST? (sent from Vithalwadi)

will I be able to reach Thane from dadar? (sent from Lower Parel)

are trains running from thane to Ambernath?

Is the central train running from Goregaon to CST (sent from Dadar Stn.)

kurla to dadar status?? (sent from Thakurli)

train status from ghatkopar to Badlapur?

what is a status of down trains? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

? means (sent from Thane Stn.)

Are the trains late??

7.58 kasara is on right time or not ..? (sent from Kopar Stn.)

hey guys what about central line  (sent from Thane)

thane to kalyan. what is the status (sent from Thane)

train status from thakurli to csmt?  (sent from Thakurli)

hi are there trains from ulhasnagar to parel?

what's the status at currr road station. (sent from Lower Parel)

thane to Badlapur train status?

what is the status of thane to kalyan

from where 

Dombivali  se koi fast train hai?  (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

thane to Kalyan on or no? (sent from Thane)

are they on time??

really?????

trains ?????

what's  (sent from Vikhroli)

   is it ok to go to cst now? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

what about vidhyavihar station 

from kurla to thane?

what is train status from karjat (sent from Ambernath)

what about local train 4.49 from Neral (sent from Neral Stn.)

I have just crossed Parel in a fast train. how's the situation after that ? (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)

is train running normally from ambernath to thane?? (sent from Ambernath Stn.)

where is vaashi 

why? (sent from Andheri)

thane to Ghatkopar Status?

train is running or not from vashi to panvel...?  (sent from Turbhe Stn.)

Kalyan to asangaon train are running...???plz update

is there any issue at central (sent from Mulund Stn.)

kalyan to cst??? 

is there Sion to डोंबिवली train running? (sent from Dombivli)

i assume trains are exempted from this bandh. But what's the situation outside on the roads?

what is the train status titwala to cst (sent from Shahad)

what is the status of trains from badlapur to cstm? 

Arey wo barish jor see gira to,chuti Lena jaruri hai Kya? (sent from Ambernath)

  what about thane from kalyan?

what about from Kalyan station? (sent from Vithalwadi)

what is the condition from sion to curry road ??? (sent from Gtb Nagar Stn.)

how late trains are from kalyan (sent from Dombivli)

Dadar to thane trains working ?

Badlapur trains any update?? (sent from Badlapur)

what is status of the train

 train on time ?

are train operational on central line to go from Thane to Diva?

what is state's for train from mulund  (sent from Nahur)

status from Dadar to Ghatkopar ?? (sent from Matunga Stn.)

11.18 csmt titwala starter kaha hai? (sent from Shahad Stn.)

oui? (sent from Thane)

?? (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

trains chal rhi h kya from then towards CST? (sent from Airoli Stn.)

kalyan 15 cars? (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)

what about thane to ghatkopar

what about dadar fast 🚆 (sent from Vithalwadi Stn.)

are trains from thane to Dadar running?? (sent from Koparkhairne)

what about dadar to kalyan (sent from Sewri)

where is badlapur fast local (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

what is current location of khopoli train (sent from Thane Stn.)

trains are proper for. cst? (sent from Kalyan)

are trains plying to Karjat??

Are fast trains running from Dadar?  (sent from Dadar Stn.)

where is panvel dahanu memo (sent from Thane Stn.)

What is the train status?

dombivli to thane? (sent from Thakurli Stn.)

guys for trains update please what app me on 7718050505 (sent from Vithalwadi)

cstm se deva ke tren time se chal raha hai  kay? (sent from Masjid)

All local are working... From virar to Churchgate and Kalyan to CST no issues any where.... people are spreading fake news (sent from Dadar Stn.)

?  (sent from Kurla Stn.)

what is d status about asangaon and kasara

Kalyan to Dadar trains working ?

any update ?? (sent from Vashi Stn.)

train status of ulhasnagar to ghatkopar??? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

what a status of cstm to thane (sent from Masjid Stn.)

Hi All, what's the status of trains running on Central, Harbour and Western Lines?

how Is central line from kalyan to dadar ? is it safe (sent from Kalyan)

is there any mega block on central line?

Karjat la jayala train aahe ka? (sent from Vithalwadi Stn.)

are trains on time?  (sent from Mumbra)

ulhasnagar to dadar????  running  or no any issue?? 

बदलापूर ते ठाणे ट्रेन सद्यस्थिती काय आहे ?? (sent from Sanpada Stn.)

ghatkoper???? (sent from Ghatkopar)

is there any train (sent from Koparkhairne)

 Kalyan se thane train???? (sent from Kalyan)

if trains are on time?  (sent from Thakurli)

where is 1:01T from ambernath (sent from Mulund Stn.)

hello trains r going to diva from cst?? (sent from Byculla)

bhivandi road to vasai road 10.24a.m.what is status? (sent from Bhiwandi Road)

kanjurmarg trains on time? (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)

is kasara to kalyan on time? (sent from Kasara)

What the status of trains in Central line

is there any train from dadar to karjat? (sent from Andheri)

current situation of local trains are ?

what is the status of trains

hi what is the update about central railway local

dadar to dombivali? (sent from Mira Road)

dombivili to thane ? (sent from Dombivli)

8.41 frm amb? (sent from Ambernath Stn.)

7.53 thane slow location? (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)

why train is late (sent from Kurla Stn.)

what about 6.51 Thane Badlapur Local?? (sent from Thane Stn.)

 why trains are stop at vichroli

Mail train from Kalyan to Matunga train time? (sent from Kalyan)

Vidya vihar to diva train working or not????

aay ko Kutchi?  (sent from Byculla)

what about from ambernath to cst dadar (sent from Ambernath)

what's the status of Thane to Panvel local (sent from Thane Stn.)

Sandhurst station pe Kon hai , waha ka wall track pe gira hai , ye baat sahi hai Kya?? (sent from Lower Parel)

train time pe chal rahi hai kya?

thane to csmt train chalu ahet ka?

what's the rain status in Thane

Trai Status of Dombivli to vidyavihar plz update?? (sent from Dombivli)

central train status please?? (sent from Cst)

mi vashi la ahe but mla ghari return jaych ahe so asking....any prbm? anything else?  (sent from Vashi Stn.)

trains from vikhroli to thane on time ?? (sent from Vikhroli)

Neelam nagar? (sent from Mulund)

are trains running from shahad??

what is the status of the train from VT (sent from Elphinstone Road Stn.)

trains are working??  (sent from Kopar Stn.)

what is status of train from Karjat to CST (sent from Badlapur)

pune?  (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

What about Ghatkoper train on time?

ठाणे दादर सेवा चालू आहेत का? (sent from Churchgate)

trains working fine ??? (sent from Kandivali Stn.)

center line train are running ?

radar???  (sent from Badlapur Stn.)

plz update kasara local at thane???

is trains are working from than to Cet? (sent from Koparkhairne)

what about between Titwala to DADAR (sent from Ambivli Stn.)

how much manage by us.. its time to manage by government (sent from Badlapur Stn.)

Dombivli to ghatkopar train chal rhi h kya?  (sent from Nilje Stn.)

 status about karjat train ?? (sent from Badlapur Stn.)

has the trains from kanjur marg to thane started commuting?

what happened problem train from Mulund? (sent from Nahur Stn.)

where is 8.50 titwala train from kalyan (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

what is the position of train between Kayla to cst today  (sent from Dombivli)

kalyan to badlapur trains running ???????

what about Thane to Ulhas Nagar 

are train on time? (sent from Currey Road Stn.)

what is status of thane station (sent from Kanjur Marg)

Thane to Kalyan trn chalu h kya?? (sent from Nerul Stn.)

thane se dombivli trains hai?

R the trains running on time?

where is cst yrain (sent from Badlapur Stn.)

train towards ambernath from thane status?

is there any trains from mumbra to csmt?( sent from Mumbra) 

Trains ka status kya hai ? on time or late ? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

Kalyan to CSTM on time?

are central railway working or not ? (sent from Bhandup)

Byculla se CST train chalu he kya? (sent from Mulund)

what about badlapur to thane? (sent from Badlapur Stn.)

where is Ambarnath slow at present (sent from Thakurli Stn.)

Vasind to kalyan trian chul ahet ka?  (sent from Vasind Stn.)

where is kasara train

Kalyan to thane ?????? (sent from Kalyan)

ab protestors kidhar hai aaj?  (sent from Kurla)

9.04 kalya fast train is on time???  (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

does the trains are running on time from ambernath to csmt ?

why dey are confuse?   (sent from Kalva)

whats the status of 9.29 Badlapur CST train. where has it reached now ?

is there any train running towards csmt?  (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)

Western lines  on time ? (sent from Govandi)

r trains running on time?

what about trains from kanjur marg

what's  the status from kurla to Ambernath please update (sent from Kurla)

central line trains is on time?

? (sent from Sion Stn.)

mumbai band status?   (sent from Kanjur Marg)

is there any delay from Sion (sent from Gtb Nagar)

what's the status from Dadar to Curry Road (sent from Nerul)

kitna delay?? (sent from Mulund)

is this official message?  (sent from Ghatkopar)

trains are running late or stopped? (sent from Badlapur Stn.)

what is status of train running towards Kalyan 

CST to Kalyan trains are running ?? please update. (sent from Vithalwadi)

what is the status for thane to kalyan? 

any idea about delay in trains from badlapur to kalyan? (sent from Kalyan)

please help them who has got train 

???? (sent from Vithalwadi Stn.)

hi guys any update for trains r running or not between Kurla to Kalyan? (sent from Tilak Nagar)

is there any problem at dadar st (sent from Churchgate Stn.)

dadar se aage fast train ka koi update??? (sent from Byculla Stn.)

is there heavy rain in Diva or Mumbra?

what about Ghatkopar (sent from Kurla)

any Asangaon train status? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

any 1 can tell me about ulhasnagar to kalyan mega block?  (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)

kalyan cst status? 

what is status of central railway (sent from Matunga Road Stn.)

how to reach Majiwada by local

why train is late today in central line? any idea? 

Thane to Panvel train any update???  (sent from Ghansoli)

where is 1.29 train to go khopoli (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)

what about manmad  express  (sent from Thane Stn.)

central trains r late? bt nt cancelled yet right ? (sent from Thane Stn.)

is there any train towards karjat (sent from Badlapur)

what is the  status of train near sion and matunga (sent from Ambernath Stn.)

what about ghatkopar to kalyan? (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

trains are there from airoli to thane? (sent from Airoli)

are trains running on time?  (sent from Badlapur)

CST se ulhasnagar train's are on time? (sent from Shahad)

how long are the trains late have to go to marol (sent from Kalyan)

Is it risky to travel from ambernath to csmt? 

bhai tu engineer hai kya?🤔 (sent from Kharghar Stn.)

what is the status at Thane station (sent from Kalva)

got ladies special from thane which was 15 mins late (sent from Mulund)

6.30 csmt karjat chi kay khabar, kuthe pohochali ahe??? (sent from Ambernath Stn.)

what is the train status from kurla to ka (sent from Chunabhatti)

what

what about dadar to thane ??

what happened to the 7:38 kurla - cstm local. train have been stopped . it's almost 30 min (sent from Chunabhatti)

are trains running towards kalyan?

are the trains running on time ?  (sent from Shahad)

what is the status from Karjat csmt train? pls update  (sent from Neral)

are they announcing? (sent from Thane)

is it still raining beyond thane???  (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

6.23 slow train from kalyan has reached thane now.. what non sense  (sent from Thane Stn.)

is there any issue about train central

is panvel- boisar running on time?  (sent from Elphinstone Road Stn.)

Kalyan to CST train status?



should i go Ulhasnagar to neral ? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

from mulund to cst ?? (sent from Mulund Stn.)

Train had left vitthalwadi but stuck in between? (sent from Vithalwadi)

?  (sent from Bhandup)

thane to dombivli train chalu he kya? (sent from Thane Stn.)

9:41 karjat(thane)??? (sent from Thane Stn.)

fast train from kalyan ? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

is it safe to step out?

yaaar slow train chalu hai kya??? (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)

Where is kasara fast now (sent from Ghatkopar)

what's the train status

bhai Ghansoli jaana h trains h kya? (sent from Jogeshwari Stn.)

train left station or not

where is the kasara train nw?  (sent from Turbhe)

Thane to csmt running properly or not? (sent from Turbhe)

i am standing in thane where to go suggest me (sent from Kalyan)

What is the status 

whr is the fast train towards cst ?? did it reached thane (sent from Nahur)

तुझी उतरली का रे ?  (sent from Kanjur Marg)

any prob after thane? (sent from Mulund)

there is no bandh over there ? are the shops open there ? (sent from Thane Stn.)

hi trains are running on time or not?  (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

what is the status for thane to karjat trains ? (sent from Mulund)

trains are running normally or late?

Thane kalyan any issue?  (sent from Koparkhairne)

dadar to thane running???? 

trains from kura to thane on time ? (sent from Chunabhatti)

What is the status of train from thane @ 8.41 ? (sent from Bhandup Stn.)

what is status of slow train? 

krula station ka kya haal he ?? (sent from Mulund)

kalyan status?? (sent from Kalyan)

telling or asking? (sent from Mulund Stn.)

thane to kurla trains are working? (sent from Airoli Stn.)

Train is going to Pune? (sent from Kopar Stn.)

Central line is working?  (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)

central lines ki train chalu h kya ? ghatkopr to kalyan

any update ....guj ki train chalu hui? (sent from Borivali)

M Indicator should add railway staff or motormen in this chat in next update. Agree?

any delay in central line? (sent from Karjat Stn.)

Ghatkopar to Kalyan का status Plz? 

what about CST (sent from Churchgate)

ghatkopar to kalyan, are trains running? 

omg really?

is central trains are on time?

dadar to Kalyan? (sent from Mahim Jn Stn.)

karjat csmt  working or not???? (sent from Vangani Stn.)

what about trains towards kalyan

6:17 Ulhasnagar where has reached the train karjat to cst 

what is the status of 9.:47 15 carts dadar train from kalyan.on time?

plz what status panvel to cstm now (sent from Vashi Stn.)

trns are not on time??? (sent from Ambivli Stn.)

Kalyan  Ambarnath local train? (sent from Ambernath Stn.)

dombavli la paus ahe ka??? (sent from Badlapur)

trains running from Kalyan ?

now what postione of central line local (sent from Dadar Stn.)

are trains running from cst to thane??  (sent from Masjid Stn.)

are trains between Pune & Mumbai are running on time & how is the frequency?

 what is status of asangoan to Ghatkopar (sent from Bhandup)

are trains on time? (sent from Churchgate)

central line trains r running on time? (sent from Nilje)

Hello all,  has the 10:26 fast train from Kalyan to CSMT left Kalyan station?? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

how r central trains?

 what abt kasara asangaon train? (sent from Turbhe)

train status from Ulhasnagar? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

are down cst to Kalyan trains working??

Asangaon to Ghatkopar on time? (sent from Asangaon)

Are the express trains are on time ??  (sent from Kalyan)

Dombivali la nahie pn kalyanchya chalu aahet mhanje? (sent from Dombivli)

which platform up ya dawn (sent from Ambivli Stn.)

what about train?  (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)

what about 6:57pm karjat??  (sent from Masjid Stn.)

what about thane to kurla????.........

is there train from dadar to badlapur (sent from Santa Cruz Stn.)

 how about chruchgate

what about trains status today central rail? 

trains are running fine...so those who are hoping of leaves , forget it😂 (sent from Kurla Stn.)

train toward badlapur are on time? (sent from Ghatkopar)

thane to ambernath trains there or Not ?

mulund to kalyan are trains working? (sent from Mulund)

 is all trains running on time in central ??

where is karjat train ..thane timing is 10.02 (sent from Kalva)

what is the status of central line train

vidhyavihar to dadar status ? (sent from Chembur)

what is the delay time of local  (sent from Ambernath)

Dadar to neral please update??!!!! (sent from Dadar Stn.)

 what's the rain status in thane (sent from Bhandup Stn.)

trains chalu ahet kay?

how about Kalyan to cst (sent from Shahad)

I'm at gadkari rangayatan Thane and I want to go to sanpda what are my options at this time? (sent from Sanpada Stn.)

thana panvel train kab Tak chalu hoga ????? (sent from Nerul Stn.)

Kalwa to Ghatkopar? (sent from Kalva)

what about thane to cst (sent from Airoli)

guyes why train are delay today 

what the status of Thane to badlapur  (sent from Thane)

how much time in late train (sent from Dombivli)

are trains available from matunga Central to vidyavihar?? (sent from Matunga Road Stn.)

are you sure? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

Thane station ke bahar Poha upma aur meri vada wale ka kya status hai??? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

Thane to Badlapur train running or not

what happen between kalyan cst... khapoli CST stuck in kalyan station (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

Asangaon se train chalu hai kya?

cst se normal tha?

okay thankyou but there are trains right? thanks (sent from Bandra)

what about train status from Dombivli to kanjurmarg ? (sent from Dombivli)

any update about Shayadri Express?Cancelled or running late??

pandey ji?  (sent from Sandhurst Road Stn.)

is kasara train late ? (sent from Kalyan stn) 

what about train from dombivali ? (sent from Elphinstone Road Stn.)

harber line chalu ahe ka ?please reply (sent from Vidyavihar Stn.)

what abnormal at Kalyan 

what is the status of kurla cst train (sent from Mankhurd Stn.)

Central line what status?  (sent from Bhandup Stn.)

trains chalu ahet ka ????

are trains running on time,  any Maharashtra band effect? (sent from Shahad Stn.)

mulund to thane any update for this route? 

trainstatus bet kurla dombivali?  (sent from Vadala Road Stn.)

what's the exact problem ? (sent from Dahisar)

trains on time?

is there any train for karjat (sent from Kalyan)

aaj Mira road se thane station Tak bus route ka Kya status hai??????

what is the present status of the train s (sent from Bhandup)

When will start the train ?  (sent from Kalva)

Central railway  status ? Thane la  BADLAPUR 

what about kalyan to Thane? 

Is there rain in Parel?

thane to kurla train status plz? 

train running on time or not?  plz update  (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)

are trains running from kalyan to ghatkopar?

karjat to kalyan ?????????

what about trains (sent from Mulund)

thane cst trains running on time?

where is khopoli now? (sent from Thane)

central line are how much late? (sent from Kurla)

Hi Adarsh, any update? (sent from Bhandup Stn.)

Kurla to Vikhroli working?? (sent from Kurla Stn.)

what about from dadar to thane  (sent from Bhandup Stn.)

what is the situation of central route

Dombivali local is der? (sent from Dombivli)

where is 9:25 thane slow? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

what happened in near kalwa stn.. . (sent from Kalva Stn.)

asangaon to Kasara? (sent from Kalyan)

 ambernath to csmt ??? 

Badlapur to cst......?  (sent from Badlapur Stn.)

We want to go from Thane to CST. Are the trains running on time?

thane to dadar?

What is the status of thane to cst trains  (sent from Turbhe Stn.)

is any problem on thane to kalyan

dombivali se ulhasnagar jaane main chalu hai kya trn..??

did Thane slow reach Dombivli? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

badlapur CST is where (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

Dadar to titwala trains are running???  (sent from Rabale)

kal holiday hau kya ?? (sent from Masjid Stn.)

what do you mean by returning? (sent from Gtb Nagar Stn.)

kalyan ke aage badlapur tak kya seen hai ? (sent from Dadar Stn.)

are local trains running from Karjat to Kalyan?

BADLAPUR on time??? (sent from Badlapur)

Bohot zyada late hai kya???  (sent from Kurla Stn.)

What's about thane-Karjat train (sent from Kopar Stn.)

titwala se can't train chalu hai kya? (sent from Titwala)

trains are on time? from Kalyan to cst? (sent from Kopar)

Thane station water logged?

Dadar to thane ?  (sent from Elphinstone Road)

what is the latest position of khopoli local? (sent from Ambernath Stn.)

what is train status Dombivali to cst

is csmt-kalyan line running on time? (sent from Churchgate)

anybody is here???

trains?? (sent from Ambernath)

why is central trains delayed (sent from Vikhroli)

any update of train from kandivali???

khopoli? (sent from Seawood Darave)

are central line trains running on time ?

kalyan to thane? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

hi what's the train update 

kurla to thane train Status??

please tell what is the status from kurla to badlapur  (sent from Chunabhatti)

11.42 Khopoli from where? (sent from Kalyan)

is 5:16 kurla on time? (sent from Govandi)

is this true? (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)

CST ke liye train late hai kya? (sent from Dativali Stn.)

where is 9.47 kalayan dadar (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

what is the status of trains. are trains on time towards CST from Kalyan (sent from Vithalwadi)

okk..means there is no issue now??

बदलापूर ते ठाणे ट्रेनची सद्यस्थिती काय आहे?? (sent from Sanpada Stn.)

kya hua ?

is train running from ghatkopar to airoli....??? (sent from Vidyavihar Stn.)

 what is status of sinhgad express (sent from Ambernath)

today's trains schedule are proper?

Gatka ke liye slow train milegi? (sent from Vidyavihar)

what about exp train status (sent from Kalyan)

what about kalwa cstm train status (sent from Kalva)

6.38 ledies spl train gone or not?? (sent from Kurla Stn.)

are cst to thane trains working?? please reply urgently

Can anyone tell me about trains from thane to cstm working or not?

trains working or not

what about  ambernath to c.s.d. (sent from Ambernath Stn.)

what is status on central and Trans harbour line ? (sent from Mulund Stn.)

what is status of today bhandup station  (sent from Jogeshwari)

from Thane to Dombivli station, locals are running. is it safe to travel?  (sent from Dombivli)

now from thane to karjat trains running on time or not?

Aaj kitna waqt lagega...to reach Thane.? Is trains are running properly?

is it train arriving.....or not...? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

how to travel frm Mira road to Dombivali via Vasai road train routes??

central line k train chalu hai na ? (sent from Thakurli)

is 6.15 pm train from vidyavihar on time? (sent from Vidyavihar Stn.)

aj rail roko hai kya?? 

what is the current status at Sion Matunga, still heavy water logging is there? (sent from Marine Lines Stn.)

csmt to kalyan ?

is there any water logging on railway tracks on central line  (sent from Kalva Stn.)

what is the status of kasara -CSMT LOCAL?

what is current status (sent from Vithalwadi)

is it late???? (sent from Khopoli Stn.)

any updates from thane station? 

bhai aamcha nitesh chavan ahe kay tu.. TCL wala?? (sent from Kurla)

is there mega block between mumbra to thane? (sent from Mumbra)

what was status was central line  (sent from Airoli Stn.)

Sion mein water bhara hai kya? (sent from Vidyavihar)

what is the Status of trains towards Ambarnath? (sent from Lower Parel)

pune to lonavala megablock hai kya...? 

where is the Kurla 7.23 train reached? I am at Mulund (sent from Mulund Stn.)

central mega block today ?

how congested are the fast trains for Kalyan from ghatkopar

what about ghatkopar to thane?

what condition on badlapur station (sent from Badlapur)

Kalyan to Thane train hei kya? (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)

shahad to thane? (sent from Shahad)

where is it now... any idea? (sent from Thane Stn.)

central line barabar chal raha  he? cst to Thane.

12.17 cst @ Dombivali???? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

Panvel to virar Udya train chalu ahet ka??? 

what status from shahad to cst??? pls reply (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

dombivli to thakurli working? (sent from Dombivli)

why (sent from Thane)

is badlapur train working? (sent from Badlapur)

what is status from kalyan to cst (sent from Vithalwadi)

ambernath -neral...? (sent from Ambernath)

are trains on time? 

Sandhurst rd la kai problrm jala aahe ka??  (sent from Vile Parle Stn.)

Please inform how crowded it is if you can.  (sent from Mulund Stn.)

where is 8.16 ambernanth from bhandup  (sent from Bhandup Stn.)

Are trains working?  I want to go from Kanjurmarg to Matunga. 

how much time is it taking to reach to csmt from Thane? (sent from Thane)

train is on time?

dombivli ghatkoper??? are train running

where is 6.10pm fast local for titwala (sent from Thane Stn.)

Thane to Badlapur train status? (sent from Airoli Stn.)

what (sent from Titwala)

towards cst? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

what is status of train (sent from Thane Stn.)

10.45 from kalyan? (sent from Kalyan)

please update train chalu hai kya ????

are thane locals running late?

where is 12.11 cstm fast (sent from Thakurli Stn.)

hi what about central rail

Hello can anyone let me know , Mulund to CST Train Status ?? (sent from Mulund)

asangaon cst aahe ka?? titwala walo

7.35 asangaon to CST train reached at which station? (sent from Dombivli)

Fast trains running from ghatkopar ?

what is d problem with slow track  (sent from Nahur Stn.)

nahur mein kya hua bhai ? (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)

what is the status of central railway local trains from Thane to CST.

cst to down working ???

panvel to kurla any news?? (sent from Panvel Stn.)

Karjat fast train left Kalyan or not!!??? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

 what the issue now in thane ? (sent from Dombivli)

are fast trains running good from dadar? (sent from Matunga Road Stn.)

what is the status of central line Local trains? (sent from Kopar)

I am in 9.29bdl- cst  which is still at kurla (sent from Kurla Stn.)

dadar to Kalyan train r running or not?? (sent from Bandra)

are kalyan to mumbai route train on time ? 

today what has happened.....all the train are delayed.... cancelled (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

status at kurla station please?? (sent from Mumbra)

thane to kurla chalu hai?

what about Dombivl train (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

asangaon status? 

dombivali to karjat chhalu he kya???? (sent from Thakurli)

Are trains working from vashi to kurla??

train???? chalu hai kya gys? (sent from Badlapur Stn.)

are trains from kasara to csmt running ??

where is kasara train now ? (sent from Thane Stn.)

byculla se thane trains are running? (sent from Sandhurst Road Stn.)

train position from thane station?

trains are running late?

what is the status of central line? (sent from Mahalakshmi)

Dombivli se 7:33 ka cat fast Nikal Gaya hai kya koi update de sakta hai kya ???  (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)

train ka kya situation hai ??? #marathamorcha (sent from Titwala Stn.)

where is asangaon train

Trains Time pe hai kya? (sent from Nahur Stn.)

are trains working..? (sent from Bhandup)

kalyan to ghatkopar trains status? fast and slow both (sent from Kalyan)

what's status of badlpur to nerul

is there any train from titwala to kalyan

all trains on time ???? (sent from Borivali)

pls don't flood with questions. those who have at station or in train should reply to give authentic status of trains.

dombivli local train is running today? (sent from Kopar)

what is status of ghatkopar to kalyan gys

is there any train issues from Ambernath to ghatkopar?

status for central line?

train status? (sent from Nilje)

where is titwala fast?? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

9:15 thane to Kasara is in time or running late?

what is issue in Central line pls update  (sent from Mulund Stn.)

thana to kurla train is right time? (sent from Mulund Stn.)

Hats off to all mumbaikars especially those who have showed the level of being optimistic, they declared holidays in different corporates and schools but you guyz are true warriors, Deevare unchi hai sadke h tang.... lambi dagar hai pr himmat hai sang....Jai Hind! Jai Maharashtra!!! (sent from Bhiwandi Road Stn.)

4.24 khopoli frm kyn time par hai kya??? (sent from Khopoli Stn.)

where is asangaon train. (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

what about sion? 

why is d status now??

hello anyone at Ulhasnagar station.. CST side trains status?  (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

are trains on time towards cst? (sent from Mulund)

slow train status from ghatkopar to dombivli....?? 

any problem?? (sent from Mulund)

Are trains towards karjat & Khopoli on time?

bhai thane station k bahar medu wada mil rha hai kya ?

what is status at sion

 tu Adi ka bhai hai kya ? (sent from Airoli Stn.)

hi what about status between uhalasanagat and kurla (sent from Koparkhairne)

what is the status of central line (sent from Kurla Stn.)

hi trains are late in mulund.? (sent from Mulund Stn.)

where is the first train towards Karjat  (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

what is the status of Kalyan - cst lines 

areee... koi batayega... kya Kurla to Badlapur train ka kya scene hai?????

where are karsara

where s titwala fast train

why ?

what has exactly happened at Thane??? (sent from Badlapur)

Train Is Working Or Not

what a latest status (sent from Kings Circle Stn.)

How did u get that? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

6.04 cst to thane where is now  (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)

sir cst se Titwala ka train chalu hai kya? (sent from Byculla Stn.)

Are train running frm ghtkoper to kalyan??

what about dadar to kalyan ?? (sent from Malad)

anyone know whats happenning??? (sent from Kalva Stn.)

ambernath to Mulund ?

tomorrow is meghablock?? (sent from Sion Stn.)

ghatkor to mulund train chalu ha????? (sent from Chembur Stn.)

dadar karjat train aahet ka? (sent from Santa Cruz Stn.)

churchgate to mira road train is start ????

is there any problem between thane and dombivli?  (sent from Ghatkopar)

thane to ambernath working?? (sent from Thane Stn.)

is this really true (sent from Thane Stn.)

what is status of central trains (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

what is the status after kalwa (sent from Kalva Stn.)

what's position between Kurla and Matunga (sent from Matunga Road)

from karjat? (sent from Neral Stn.)

what's the status of train (sent from Andheri Stn.)

is the karjat to cst train on time? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

are train to Panvel on time?  (sent from Ghatkopar)

status of slow trains after kurla?? (sent from Nahur Stn.)

is there local running from Badlapur to thane? (sent from Badlapur Stn.)

where is badlapur train from kalyan 9.54 (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

vidyavihar to thane?

water logging ho rha h kya kurla station pr?

is Kalyan trains working today? (sent from Airoli)

any problem between mulund and Dombivali?  (sent from Mulund Stn.)

morning trains will be working??

what about Dadar to Kurla between (sent from Ghatkopar)

what is current train status

any updates from mulund? (sent from Badlapur Stn.)

what is the status on Ghatkopar (sent from Ghatkopar)

are trains running?? in harbour or central (sent from Airoli)

what is train status from mumbra to cst (sent from Mumbra Stn.)

is the train moving past vidya vihar towards kurla? (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)

is central line working???? (sent from Vadala Road Stn.)

what is train status in central line (sent from Vidyavihar)

WHEN MUMBRA (MBQ) RAILWAY STATION DEVELOPED PLEASE FOR DEVELOPED MUMBRA RAILWAY STATION BECAUSE OF HIGHER DENSITY OF PEOPLE IN MUMBRA PLEASE RUN FAST LOCAL FROM MUMBRA (SENT FROM MUMBRA) MD SAIF NEWS

kalyan se cst chalu h kya train ? (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)

what is the status?

updates for down track local? (sent from Sion Stn.)

train status for Kasara..?

what is the issue?? trains are running very slow (sent from Nahur Stn.)

any status from kurla and sion???

Are trains working on time?

status at Sion? (sent from Seawood Darave Stn.)

ulhas te karjat train chalu ahet ka? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

baher gaon se nashik igatpuri kalyan hoke aanewali trains chalu hai kya ?

how are central trains working? (sent from Jogeshwari)

Dadar to CSMT ?? plz plz plz (sent from Dadar Stn.)

are trains running properly from dadar to Badlapur ?

what a state to khopoli to cst local (sent from Lowjee)

any idea about the train from thane to karjat at 729? I have a train from kalyan and I dont wanna miss it (sent from Nahur)

kurla to badlapur what is train status

what is train status from thane to kasara  (sent from Vikhroli)

what is the status of train right now...? (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)

where is ladies special kalyan train?  (sent from Thane Stn.)

where has Badlapur fast reached (sent from Mulund Stn.)

how are trains from Ghatkopar?  (sent from Jogeshwari)

what is status about CSMT to Kalyan ?? (sent from Andheri)

anyone at kalyan.. willing to join me in ola for klyan to sakinaka travel right now? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

okay...bt trains r running na?  (sent from Kopar)

train are running or not

Are all trains running on time..? (sent from Dombivli)

is Titwala train on time??   (sent from Dombivli)

what about status of train running from Cst to Thane  (sent from Belapur Cbd Stn.)

is it reached kalyan? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

what is status of kalva to thane train?? (sent from Kalva)

what is train status from Ghatkopar to Mumbra?

what is the status  of mumbra station (sent from Mumbra Stn.)

oMG 1hr how ppls r managing their work... (sent from Shahad)

just keep asking questions ...pls update oun status which will help to know the situation (sent from Mumbra Stn.)

is there anyone online??  (sent from Vile Parle)

thane to kalyan trains r running ?

what is status of train at dombivali stn?? (sent from Badlapur)

How much delay expected on central line?

ट्रेन वेळेवर आहेत काय? (sent from Thane Stn.)

how are trains from Kalyan to Mumbai ,as u have to board train from bandra (sent from Vithalwadi)

what happen in nahur (sent from Vikhroli)

what about Dadar to thane (sent from Elphinstone Road)

Thane CST going on time?

?

Trains running as per time? (sent from Dombivli)

trains are on time? (sent from Mulund)

train between dadar to Thane working on time....???  (sent from Borivali Stn.)

are the train available to thane ?? (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)

Is Kalyan to karjat line ok.??

Mulund-Kurla line chalu aahe Ka? (sent from Mulund)

can someone please tell me kurla to thane are running properly or not? (sent from Kurla)

towards Kalyan train late hai kya? (sent from Dombivli)

What is the status of local from dader to ulhasnagar (sent from Santa Cruz Stn.)

Please don't do this. Let everybody be on the same chat platform.  What's the use of a what's app group when you are getting all information here. I never faced any issues with m indicator chat. And moreover your what's app group will not provide privacy. All the contact numbers will be public. 

Maharashtra Kamagar Sena requesting you ok don't move any where bcz havey rain today be at home if possible. Jai Hind Jai Maharashtra  (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)

what is the status of titawala   to cstm (sent from Titwala)

what is the condition in badlapur?? (sent from Dombivli)

Washi Kurla train chalu h kya?

are trains on time ?? (sent from Kurla)

what stetus now Badlapur to csmt

wt about express trains?? mujhe puna jana hai. train late hai kya??

kalyan station pe pani bhar gaya kya?  (sent from Jogeshwari)

what is the train status for karjat to ghatkopar?

what is the issue  (sent from Kalva Stn.)

what is the  local train service status brtwn ddr kyn (sent from Kopar)

status from dadar to kalyan? (sent from Vile Parle Stn.)

what abt mulund 

wat abt kurla n sion ???

what's the problem on central

Hi, are trn in d central line working? (sent from Ambernath)

status from dadar to chembur? (sent from Nalla Sopara)

can anyone tell me where is 9:15 cst fast from Titwala (sent from Titwala Stn.)

dadar to badlapur working? (sent from Bhayander)

What is the status  of Panvel Vasai train?? at what time it will reach at Kopar?? (sent from Rabale)

train status between Thane and airoli? (sent from Kanjur Marg)

what's the status from Thane to cst

thane to CST train chalu hai  kya???

my Dad wants to travel from Dombivali to Dadar now. is there any train issues? please inform me asap..

trains chalu hai kya Thane to cst?

what is train update?

will train halt at vidyavihar then? (sent from Thane)

what ia update of 2.13 kalyan-cst fast train (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

r trains gng to Dombivali from byculla??? please give recent updates (sent from Mumbai Central Stn.)

bhandup se kalyan train chalu hai kya? (sent from Bhandup)

approx.. 10-15 mins late? mulund to Kalyan?

Trains ka kya status hai... Trains chalu hai ya band? (sent from Vikhroli)

thane dadar???

what's the issue (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

status of khopoli fast train??

Bhaiyo aur Beheno what's the status of train from Dombivli to Cst  (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

which is the last train from byculla  (sent from Mahalakshmi)

dadar situation? (sent from Badlapur)

cst to vikroli train status??  (sent from Masjid)

Dadar to Ghatkopar ? (sent from Cotton Green)

 train on time or not

is kanjurmarg station closed?

7.30 cst to khopoli? update please  (sent from Thane Stn.)

Dadar tak line clear hai kya? (sent from Vithalwadi)

Trains working properly from Dombivli?  (sent from Kopar)

train status between Kalyan and Badlapur towards can't?

Anyone at mulund??

what was the problem at Thane station (sent from Kopar Stn.)

what about Kurla to Ambernath?

Kay zale? (sent from Badlapur Stn.)

where is khopoli train (sent from Ambernath Stn.)

r trains working on time ?? (sent from Marine Lines Stn.)

is there mega block tomorrow at Central 

is there megablock in central

where is khopoli train (sent from Thane)

are the trains running late? (sent from Andheri)

is train on time ? (sent from Thane Stn.)

Trains chalu hai kya?

morning la badlapur to dadar train ahy ka ? time ? (sent from Ghansoli)

Thane -ghatkopar status?

Anyone there at shahad station?  (sent from Shahad)

what is the status of khopoli cst train???

are trains available from thane station to Dombivli? (sent from Thane Stn.)

central line chalu hai ? (sent from Bhayander)

kalyan cst status? 

???????? (sent from Mumbra)

what's the status on diva vasai (sent from Thakurli)

KURLA to kalyan, what is the running position. please anyone let me know. 

train for karjat is ther on time?? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

slow trn kaha se jaa rahe hai?

dadar to kalyan train chalu hain ? (sent from Mumbra Stn.)

any update for next election who will win.....?  (sent from Vasind)

train status for cstm? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

why trains are delyed ?? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

wht is trains status from thane to kalyan?

thane to Kalyan locals are in time??? (sent from Turbhe)

is there any problem with trains due to rain (sent from Vidyavihar)

trains are on time ? (sent from Mulund Stn.)

trains working??? 

ayyy babu i leached nowhere. where deed yu rich shona

kindly update about thane . rains ? (sent from Nahur)

titwala fast local? (send from ghatkopar) (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

Kalyan cross? (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)

1.24 towards thane is yet to arrive vashind is there any issue on central line??  (sent from Vasind Stn.)

Ghatkopar towards CST train running?? plz reply

kanjur to Thane? 

can anyone update if trains running towards panvel are running on time?

what is the train status from gharkopar to bhandup

titwala to cst how to running train (sent from Titwala)

Have the trains started from Thane stn after the maratha andolan chaos? (sent from Thane)

anyone form katjat fast train??? (sent from Thane Stn.)

what about trains from mulund to Kalyan??  (sent from Ghatkopar)

nai hogi to kaam pe nai jaogi kya?

any idea for 11 09 badlapur fast train from thane?  (sent from Thane Stn.)

any idea of high tide? (sent from Thakurli)

what happened? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

Thane Karjat Departed from Thane?? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

where is 10.10 am csmt now.? (sent from Kalva Stn.)

central line trains are working from Bhandup to Thane?  (sent from Bhandup Stn.)

7:46 titwala from csy? (sent from Mahalakshmi Stn.)

what is train issue in Central line

what is the train status (sent from Karjat Stn.)

what's the status of thane station (sent from Mulund) (sent from Mulund)

central line trains der se chal rahi hai kya? (sent from Chinchpokli Stn.)

Any issues with central line?  (sent from Airoli)

what is the issue? (sent from Titwala Stn.)

where is ambernath local (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

thane to kalyan train running status ????? (sent from Thane Stn.)

train status for central? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

Are train s r working??

thakurli to ghatkopar train available?  (sent from Thakurli Stn.)

what's the status of karjat - csmt fast 6:51 at dombivli (sent from Thakurli)

Are trains on time from Badlapur? (sent from Badlapur Stn.)

where is khopoli? (sent from Badlapur Stn.)

are trains working?

Byculla to Vikhroli? (sent from Byculla)

Sion Kurla Platform var Aahe Ka koni?  Nahitar sagle Dusre lok aahet..   (sent from Ghatkopar)

status of Thane to CST ??🚉🚆🌧️

where is khopoli? (sent from Thane Stn.)

kalwa carshed trains are on time? (sent from Kalva Stn.)

where is last karkat local???? (sent from Thane Stn.)

is there train late today from asangakn

Bhai log ye slow train kaha gaya. ho gayi hai ? ek bhi nahi dikh rahi hai. (sent from Matunga Road Stn.)

what is the price of Badlapur to mulund train pass (sent from Nahur)

any one here from vithalwadi station? (sent from Vithalwadi)

csmt fast train running? (sent from Airoli)

kanjurmarg to titwala running? (sent from Kanjur Marg)

formal announcement trains are late by 20 to 25 minutes. so you can imagine actually how late trains are running

kuthla to dombivali trains r running ?? (sent from Bandra Stn.)

Bhandup to thane ...trains are late?? (sent from Bhandup)

are trains on time ? (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

internship Jana hai Thane to jogeshwari .. should I go ?

cst fast on time? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

Kindly note again... Central line is 5 to 10 mins... late some local are  on time... No issue Any where  (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

where (sent from Nahur Stn.)

are trains running smooth between CST to ghatkopar? 

what is status about western

what status ,cst to sion  (sent from Masjid Stn.)

but that was the incident of Andheri , but what about the fast track status of central

 what is tha status of  vidyavihar to cst (sent from Sion Stn.)

what about badlapur to cst??

KALYAN TRACK PAR PAANI BHARA KYA??? (sent from Shahad)

Badlapur 9.00 from Kalyan? (sent from Kalyan)

any updates?!!! currently train running or not from csmt???? (sent from Churchgate)

where did 10.08 badlapur reached @frm domb (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

what about fast track (sent from Thane Stn.)

How is it raining@ Kanjur marg?

trains are on time???? (sent from Bhivpuriroad)

what is the status for towards karjat train 

Ghatkopar to knopali train running?

today running the train cst to kalyan ? please confirm (sent from Mahim Jn)

train status from kalyan badlapur?

are trains available from thane to kalyan? (sent from Thane)

what is the current train status at Parel? (sent from Currey Road)

central trains running from Vikhroli towards Kalyan pls ? (sent from Vikhroli)

train kitna min late h?? (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)

Good Morning Friends What is Status of today's Train n Rain? (sent from Badlapur)

is there still problem between dadar n kurla? (sent from Churchgate)

are you sure ?

hi ....local trains are running on time...any body knows...? (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)

doranto Nagpur is running as per schedule or not 

are trains running? Central (sent from Thakurli Stn.)

nywer heavy rain ??? (sent from Thakurli Stn.)

are trains running late?

what is status of train (sent from Chunabhatti)

train chalu hai thana to cst?? (sent from Thane Stn.)

what is stutars local tren thane to kalyan  (sent from Vithalwadi)

is thane to mumbai local trains running?

what about other areas (sent from Ambernath Stn.)

are thr trains running fine between Ghatkopar to CST ??? (sent from Matunga Road Stn.)

what is auto & bus situation in thane ? (sent from Charni Road)

what about the central trains towards dombivli (sent from Ghansoli Stn.)

Ghatkopar to cst trains are on time or not

what's the current status???? 

thane - CST ? (sent from Vashi Stn.)

status of ghatkopar to thane ?

what badalapur dm (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

anyone in thane? (sent from Vithalwadi)

Trains status - Dadar to Vikroli?  (sent from Dadar Stn.)

any trouble n central line?  (sent from Churchgate Stn.)

what is the train status CST to Thane  (sent from Chinchpokli Stn.)

ambernath to cst train time par he??

hi guys plz train chalu ahet ka? mom is at badlapur she wants to reach thane plz help out (sent from Rabale)

 hiiii what's status from Badlapur to csmt (sent from Badlapur)

what is the current status

kurla? (sent from Nalla Sopara)

7:04 Thane CST is on time?? (sent from Thane)

kasara train chalu ahet ka ??? (sent from Khardi Stn.)

what is the status of the khopoli train (sent from Kurla)

central slow trains late? (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)

trains from thane to ghatkopar are running?

kalyan stn par block hai kya? (sent from Mulund Stn.)

trains aren't leaving from.thakurli?  (sent from Thakurli Stn.)

any problems on central line?

hi titwala cst running normal? 

any updates?

it happens even when there is no rain what about that then (sent from Cst Stn.)

updates??? (sent from Ambernath)

kalyan to badlapur train chalu ahe ka?

guys I request to everyone who ever taking the shoulder bag please take down while entering to compartment this will help to others also 

what is the current status of sion station

train r late or in time? (sent from Ghatkopar)

what is the status of Kopar tp vasai? train are running or not? (sent from Vithalwadi Stn.)

trains are running on time from kalyan to cst?? (sent from Vithalwadi)

Kasara-Cst fast train update please? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

train chalu hai kya? (sent from Gtb Nagar Stn.)

garam he ?? (sent from Rabale Stn.)

is there any difficulty to reach Ghatkopar from Patel???  (sent from Lower Parel)

trains running beyond sion??

dadar to vikhroli working ? (sent from Dadar Stn.)

where is khopoli train (sent from Thane Stn.)

fast local at kurla is on time??? (sent from Kurla)

Dombivli stn la gardi jast ahe ka??! (sent from Thakurli)

what about 9:01 ambernath from dadar??  (sent from Charni Road Stn.)

what's train status (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

what abt karjat train(6.43) from kurla ?? ... where is it heading ??  (sent from Kurla Stn.)

what is the use of these messages 

what is the status of fast train from ambernath  (sent from Ambernath)

shahad to thane status? (sent from Shahad)

what hppened in kurla only slow train stuck behind kurla (sent from Tilak Nagar)

? (sent from Thane Stn.)

are trains running on time? 

what is current status (sent from Thane)

is harbour line is working fine? (sent from Mumbra)

Cst to Ambernath ? (sent from Ambernath)

10:37 Titwala Cst Kaha Pahocha hai???  (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

Domniwali to CST running alright? (sent from Dombivli)

thane to CST trains are running on time? or not

kurla te csmt train velevr ahet ka...??? (sent from Kurla Stn.)

what is status from Bhandup to parel (sent from Bhandup)

😂 😂 😂 Thane me kon kon atka hai?? Chalo momos khane 

is it raining anywhere in central ?

i think people who r chatting in m indicator r sitting at home and expecting the status, people who r in local are not participating in chat so correct status nahi samaj raha hai people in locals please respond with status  (sent from Andheri)

Ulhasnagar to Thane? anyone? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

is there central train running?  (sent from Kalyan)

cold? cold zhalay tula?  (sent from Dombivli)

thane me inta Traffic kyu hai on the way to station?

bhandup pe Pani Bhara hai? 

but are the trains reaching Dadar ? (sent from Thane)

where is 9:40 kasara train ??? any one pls update  (sent from Shahad Stn.)

kya Siraj bhai ?? (sent from Sion Stn.)

kalyan to tiwala train chalu hai? 

Sion to kurla train ??? (sent from Sion)

what about Mulund to CST ...any update ? (sent from Mulund Stn.)

is there water logging in Sion ?  (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

are trains to Pune running?  (sent from Dahisar)

dombivli to kurla trains chalu hai?  (sent from Kurla Stn.)

CST? (sent from Dombivli)

Kalyan to karjat train is working or not

what is tomorrow mega block time ?  central line

any update on through trains to and from mumbai are they on schedule?

what is the issue (sent from Nahur Stn.)

thane se train chalu hai kya ?

where is asangaon thane train now? (sent from Thakurli Stn.)

Harbour line running between Andheri.& CSTM in time? (sent from Kandivali)

what is the train situation after thane (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)

what about auto in ambarnath 

what is the status of cst to titvala train

why asking panvel vashi in central group (sent from Vikhroli)

is this train issue on fast line central from thane to csmt

what's central railways todays position  ?. (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)

Is anyone at Bhandup station? Want updates for Bhandup to Ghatkopar trains..

are the trains late? (sent from Sewri)

is train running from kalva to dadar ?

status?

any train reaching kurla? (sent from Kurla Stn.)

hello what is the status of central railway

Diva Vasai train are cancelled or what??? (sent from Thane Stn.)

07:29ki Kasara local status?

is train from byculla to dombivali running? (sent from Mumbai Central)

vidyavihar to cst running or not? (sent from Chembur)

Karjat trains? (sent from Shelu)

is there issue on fast track? (sent from Kalva)

Is central line running? (sent from Bhandup)

Kalyan to Thane status plz ???

CSTM  se Dombivli Train chalu hai? (sent from Cst)

aaj megablock kaha pe hai? (sent from Badlapur)

train chalu aahe ka mitranno? vidhyavihar pasun? (sent from Kalva)

anyone for Beer ? (sent from Airoli Stn.)

is there any train from vithalwadi to badlapur (sent from Vithalwadi)

kalyan to thane chal raha he kya ? (sent from Kalyan)

Train late hai?

kalyan se train kitna min late hai? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

any one. know please reply?

did 1.31 cst from ambarnath..leave badlapur? (sent from Ambernath Stn.)

fast for Cst?? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

i want to go CBD belapur by bus from dadar station..how to go there?

Kalyan to asangav trains r running on time?? (sent from Kalyan)

what is about 8.34 from Kalyan to cst  (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

where has the badlapur fast train,  which is at 9.08 at dadar reached? it is at 9.53 at kalyan?  anyone on the same route for the same train?  please update  (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

are trains running between thane and cat? (sent from Thane Stn.)

why has train stopped near thane? (sent from Thane Stn.)

bhandup train chalu ahe ka? (sent from Masjid Stn.)

status of trains frm thane towards kalyan? (sent from Thane Stn.)

train are running or not?  (sent from Badlapur)

thank you Bharat Sharma. but it is good to help someone who have no knowledge of trains 

traiN's from Mumbra to CST is coming on time?

? (sent from Airoli Stn.)

kurla to badlapur train chalu hai kya? please reply pleasr

what about train status between kurla to cst (sent from Vidyavihar Stn.)

  train status ?

what about ghatkopar to cst

what's on fast track line. is any issue?? (sent from Ghatkopar)

what about cst to kurla train status pl reply (sent from Sewri)

are train towards CST on time? (sent from Vikhroli)

what's the status of Down train (sent from Borivali Stn.)

kurla to ambernath status? (sent from Kurla Stn.)

train chalu ahet ka?  (sent from Kalva)

express trains are running?

any train status? (sent from Charni Road)

what about trains towards karjat, khopoli

Yaha pe dhup h.. tum kya heavy rain karr rahe ho ? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

central rail running? (sent from Kurla)

what's the issue  (sent from Kalva Stn.)

Are trains on time? please tell. (sent from Mulund)

towards mumbar status??

western line chal rhi hai.?? (sent from Elphinstone Road)

what's about khopoli CST  (sent from Bhivpuriroad Stn.)

status for 9.29 train from badlapur? (sent from Badlapur Stn.)

what's the issue  (sent from Mulund)

are central trains on time ?

what's the status of 10.36 from Ambernath towards cst (sent from Thane)

what about till sion

4:12 CST.... where is it??

suresh shinde what happened at dombivl

is any bridges collapse in Ghatkopar

are trains running on time? (sent from Shahad)

really??  (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

,?? (sent from Bhandup Stn.)

Kalyan train working??

where is the titwala local does anyone know  (sent from Bhandup Stn.)

what status about 9: 56 badlapur local from ulhasnagar } (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)

fast train from karjat ? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

status of slow local?

such shame that some people are sending non-sense comments on such serious platform where lacs of people are dependant.. we call trains Mumbai's lifeline.. Mean it guys. #Shame

status of central line ? (sent from Chembur)

6.39 (CSMT- Badlapur) on time hai Kya .....?

kurla - dadar? trains working? on time? (sent from Nerul Stn.)

what aboutwater logging at ambernath station?? (sent from Dombivli)

Thane Sion train chalu ahe kya ?

badlapur cstm chalu aahe ?

mumbai me kya chaal rahaa he? (sent from Kopar Stn.)

status of 12.05 from vithawadi to cst ?  (sent from Vithalwadi)

Dadar to Kalyan train are running??? (sent from Titwala)

wat about byculla to kurla train ??? (sent from Chinchpokli Stn.)

is kalyan to dadar running? 

trains r running fine ???? (sent from Nahur)

train update?? (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)

train status. ? (sent from Titwala)

 what is the thane to badlapur status

seriously????? (sent from Mulund Stn.)

Kalyan to CST train chalu aahet?? (sent from Kalva)

are trains on for Thane to titwala?

train held at Kalyan!how long will it take to  reach Badlapur? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

safe to travel?

are trains working in central line?? (sent from Dombivli)

are trains from dadar working fine? (sent from Santa Cruz)

CST to Dombivili is running? (sent from Masjid)

means towards kalyan to thane ? (sent from Badlapur)

any train coming at dadar??  (sent from Sion Stn.)

since how long ??? (sent from Goregaon)

is there crowd in trains from VidyaVihar to Dadar? and now frequently are they coming? (sent from Vidyavihar)

guyzzz train late hai ? (sent from Ghatkopar)

what's the statu (sent from Masjid)

nahur se kurla jana hai...trains chalu hai kya? plz reply (sent from Nahur Stn.)

where is 7:48 cst fast local (sent from Bhandup Stn.)

what about cr local status up to dadar

kalwa to cst...trains status please?? (sent from Kalva)

 trains on time or not ? frm ghatkopar

hi what is prob (sent from Kalva Stn.)

are the trains on time?  (sent from Shahad)

where is 5.31 badlapur cst local (sent from Badlapur Stn.)

koi updates hai gaurav.. kab start hogi vagere.??  (sent from Airoli Stn.)

towards Thane? (sent from Grant Road Stn.)

how are you

9.10 Thane from titwla??? (sent from Titwala Stn.)

any update about CST fast from Kalyan? (sent from Vithalwadi Stn.)

11.22 karjat at kalyan 

kalyan to thane trains?

what is the status  (sent from Badlapur)

any trains for karjat ? (sent from Karjat Stn.)

kurla station se thane ke liye trains chal rahi hai kya?

cemburu ke lite train chalu hai?

Train frm bdlapur?  (sent from Badlapur)

what (sent from Nahur Stn.)

Are trains towards CST running properly.?? (sent from Thane)

what is status of train... (sent from Kurla Stn.)

is there watetr logging at KALWA station? (sent from Mulund)

train late ahet ka aj? 

is 11.35 ambernath cst on time?? or late by 5-10 mins  (sent from Badlapur)

is there a mega block tomorrow in central line (sent from Bhandup)

hi what abt asangaon train (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

kalyn train on time? (sent from Goregaon)

?? (sent from Vidyavihar Stn.)

kanjurmrg towards kalyan train status? (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)

what position kyn to Mumbai local

dombivli to thane? (sent from Nilje)

are central line trains running properly from kalyan? (sent from Kalyan)

what about kalyan (sent from Kalyan)

ulhasnagar to CST? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

Is there trins are in working. still water logging is there ? (sent from Thane)

hello any train?? i am at thakurli (sent from Thakurli Stn.)

what is the situation at matunga?

trains are running late in central line??

rain affected the trains?

what is status at ghatkopar station from cst (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

Status at mulund station? (sent from Mulund)

is train is working from dadar to badlapur? (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)

Kalyan Thane locals chal rae hai kya?

what is the status of ghatkoper to badlapur train??

trains working from shahad to cst????????  (sent from Shahad)

Kiti late aahet train? (sent from Diva Jn)

sab train's time par hai ??  (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

what is the status of train from thane to cst? 

are train s working from Vithalwadi to CST??  (sent from Vithalwadi)

since last night?? (sent from Badlapur)

can anyone tell me please where 11:18 train for kasara from ghatkopar????  (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

thane to kasara chalu hai kya ???? 

are trains ok ?

from parel to dadar ...train is working?

Is trains running properly ? (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)

what is the status at mulund and ghatkopar for cst (sent from Mumbra Stn.)

dadar janai wali train kaha pouchi???  (sent from Mumbra Stn.)

are you sure. announcement?? 

mega block time??? (sent from Ambernath)

train is properly running ?

is the train going on between Dadar to Kalyan (sent from Mumbra Stn.)

1st train nikla kya??

will Kalyan slow stop at nahur the 8:28 am train ?

mail express chalu ahet ka punyat sathi??? (sent from Goregaon)

dombiwali to asangaon/kasara working...?

where is it  10 : 02 Kalyan train   (sent from Dadar Stn.)

भोकात गेला पाऊस....चला मिसळ खायला कोन कोन येनार?? एखाद्या मस्त मिसळवाल्याचं नाव सांगा.  😃 (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

Bewakufi hogi, aise toh hat Saal 20, 25 chutti ye 3 mahine mai lagegi

what is the status of trains from Ghatkopar to Bhandup  (sent from Andheri Stn.)

where is khopoli train  (sent from Badlapur Stn.)

is central line working properly?

what is the status of train from badlapur  (sent from Badlapur)

whats the status of central line ??? (sent from Badlapur)

ulhas nagar to karjat train is on tym or not?? (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)

guys plz help me train chalu hai kya currey road se csmt tak?? (sent from Lower Parel)

i found an iPhone 8 in thane train, can you please tell me whose phone it is

how's the train status (sent from Elphinstone Road)

hello I am going to dombivali can I go to dombivali.  what is the status of trains & rain (sent from Andheri)

anyone who has reached Kurla and watched water logging on track...

is the vasai train running frm cst via thane? (sent from Thane)

Sion to Thane? trains working? (sent from Chunabhatti)

kalwa station pe  pani bhara hai kya? (sent from Kopar)

what about dadar to pune mail express (sent from Kalyan)

what about shahad status (sent from Shahad)

Mulund to Thane??  (sent from Mulund Stn.)

kalyan to bhandup...??? (sent from Kalyan)

KALYAN TO CSMT r trains running on time?  (sent from Vithalwadi)

what possition now (sent from Kurla Stn.)

are there trains from Thane to CST?  (sent from Thane)

what happend (sent from Nahur Stn.)

BADLAPUR to cstm train chalu aahe ka.  ??? (sent from Badlapur)

How is central line.CST to Kalyan  (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

the central line late or not late please update the information because I stand in vashi here is already late train that's why someone update the any information pls (sent from Vashi Stn.)

wat is d  train status..... from Kalyan 2 CSTM.?

are the trains working today??

hi Hyderabad to Mumbai working hai? (sent from Mumbra)

Kindly check Megablock details in *Most Liked Chats at right side of chat section* also the Megablock details are available in News section of m-indicator app. *News Section* button is present at top right corner of chat section

are trains running?? (sent from Nahur)

is there still water logging between matung and Sion?  (sent from Mulund)

kalyan to badlapur train chalu ahe ka? (sent from Kalyan)

is central railway running on time?? (sent from Dombivli)

trains are on time...??? (sent from Vithalwadi)

whether fast trains are running properly or not? (sent from Parel Stn.)

is it trains running to thane from vashi line...? (sent from Mumbra Stn.)

where is badlapur train (sent from Vithalwadi Stn.)

train chalu h kya? Ulhas se.. ? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

what abt ambernath to thane (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

trains running from kurla??? (sent from Shahad)

Wat is the issue at Kalwa Station? (sent from Masjid Stn.)

Trains from Thane To karjat is there??

y? (sent from Kalva)

9:27 Khopoli from Thane.. where has this train reached?  (sent from Thane Stn.)

this train ran properly till it crossed the tunnel.. after which it halted now n then.. finally reached Thane staion.. Thank you Railway.. (sent from Thane Stn.)

dosto aaj train on time hai ya band hai ?

train are running or not 

any update from Dadar to Vikhroli? (sent from Kings Circle)

okay but trains available on Central right? even though late (sent from Parel)

dadar to kalyan ?

are trains working from Kurla to Thane?? (sent from Tilak Nagar Stn.)

what is the status towards CSMT?

what about dombvli to badlapur train?? (sent from Dombivli)

any train update from dadar to kalyan? (sent from Elphinstone Road)

is panvel vasai 2.35 train running?

train status? (sent from Kopar)

from kalyan to bhandup what is the status of trains

what is the current central train status  (sent from Kalyan)

what's problem of CR

what is the status of central railway (sent from Vikhroli)

Ghatkopar to Badlapur train are running???

down trains are working or not 

is train stuck before ghatkopar station?

r trains working?  (sent from Kalyan)

where is problem ??  (sent from Dadar Stn.)

dombivali train status ? (sent from Churchgate Stn.)

whrs badlapur trn? 6:07 from thane (sent from Thane Stn.)

Are trains running towards thane from cst? 

can anybody give me the status of khopoli fast train like what is estimated time

Thane to Mulund k liye regular trains h kya ??? (sent from Rabale Stn.)

what about kalyan to cst (sent from Vithalwadi)

vasai to kpapr chalu hai kya?

khopoli train status? (sent from Mulund Stn.)

what is the status of 8.14 from Dombivali to CSTM semi fast (sent from Kopar Stn.)

central line running? (sent from Vidyavihar)

dadar to ghatkopar crowded? (sent from Matunga Stn.)

trains till ambernath are running???

Dombivali towards CST trains are on time ha ??

thane to panvel trains chalu h kya?????

by how much? 

ghatkoparchya pudhe train chalu ahe ka?

train chalu hai kya?? (sent from Govandi Stn.)

what is status of trains towards asangaon (sent from Thakurli)

Train are running or not 

what is current status of train pls update

kurla to dadar train time pe chal rhi hai kya?? (sent from Kurla)

what is the fare from nasik  to thane

what is main issue (sent from Vikhroli)

min late ??

what about 11.25 ambarnath to cst local is it on time (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

trns r running properly or not?? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

what is the current status of train running towards kalyan (sent from Airoli Stn.)

trian are on time or not??  (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)

how is train working between dadar to Cst

stuck between Bhandup and Nahur stations.   what is the problem??? (sent from Bhandup Stn.)

are trains running on time?

What about today's train status from Kalyan (sent from Kalyan)

Where is 8:03 karjat train from thane station? (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)

Sandhurst to dadarrr??????? (sent from Dockyard Road Stn.)

what is the status of 1.09 kalyan still not on dadar?? (sent from Dadar Stn.)

what is the current status in central track 

trains from parel to kurla & kurla to chembur? (sent from Elphinstone Road Stn.)

kalyan to kurla is it safe and convenient to travel today?  (sent from Shahad)

anyone wants samosas? (sent from Mulund Stn.)

what happened today why trains are late (sent from Masjid Stn.)

where is 8.56 karjat train??

status from thane to ghatkopar?

kalyan to cst? (sent from Vithalwadi)

CSMT- AMBERNATH on time??? (sent from Mahim Jn Stn.)

what is the status of central railway  (sent from Mulund)

vangani to cst trains?

r the trains working from vashi to thane? n from thane to bhandup?? (sent from Sanpada Stn.)

what is train status in diva? (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)

sure ????? (sent from Vidyavihar)

Bhai log what about karjat train (sent from Badlapur Stn.)

what is train status towards Thane from Dadar (sent from Vikhroli)

is trains are crowded from badlapur to cst...?? please reply

is thr a problem with the fast trains too? (sent from Jogeshwari)

how much crowd in thane

any updates about Diva Vasai local??? Please reply (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)

where (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

how many train delays in mumbra to cst (sent from Mumbra)

what about kurla? (sent from Vithalwadi)

what's the status of fast train from thane to cst?  (sent from Nahur Stn.)

ghatkoper to mumbra?

are down trains running on time? (sent from Bandra)

where is 8:10 khopoli train from thane?

What status of Rajayarani Exp... (sent from Thane Stn.)

where is kasara local (sent from Govandi)

what about trains

what do you think

central line right time hai Kya ?. (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)

what is the position of Ghatkopar to CST of train (sent from Ghatkopar)

kalyan to thane is working?

ulhasnagar to thane train chalu ahe ka? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

local let hai Kay??? (sent from Chembur)

what is current status centarl railway ... (sent from Dativali Stn.)

 where is last kp trai  (sent from Mumbra Stn.)

why there are delays in 12:30 pm train which is from karjat to CST FAST PLS  please reply (sent from Mulund)

which train  (sent from Mira Road)

hello what's the status of central lines (sent from Matunga Road)

where is 10:05 cst train?  (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

sure?? (sent from Vile Parle)

what is the central line status from CST to Dombivali (sent from Mahim Jn)

how mucj train are late now (sent from Bhiwandi Road Stn.)

What Happen?

status for Parel -Thane route?  (sent from Elphinstone Road Stn.)

खोपोली सीएसटी फास्ट लोकल चालू आहे का ? (sent from Badlapur)

titwala to thane trains ar?  running properly??  (sent from Titwala Stn.)

where is 15 car kalyan (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

what's the matter trains are haulted  (sent from Bhandup Stn.)

? (sent from Lower Parel)

really?????

what is the status of trains

Thane to Ghatkopar status please?

Goregaon to cst trains are working?? (sent from Borivali Stn.)

than why the trains are so late (sent from Kalva Stn.)

thk uh but kitna der pehle mein jaldi nikluu? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

guys what is the issue between Ghatkopar to mulund  (sent from Kanjur Marg)

asangaon to CST chalu hai kya??? (sent from Kalyan)

status of slow (diva to cst) ??

what is the status of train from kalyan (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

what's the status on Badlapur to cst

kalyan to Cst  local train Status please? (sent from Vithalwadi)

kalyan tak jaarhi hai?  (sent from Mulund)

what update thane (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)

train time par hain kya??? (sent from Diva Jn)

train status down ..towards thane?? no train since 20 minutes . from nahur (sent from Nahur Stn.)

whta is the status of train from ghatkopar to thane? (sent from Ghatkopar)

rain status in AMBERNATH?? (sent from Bandra)

titwala to thane trains are running properly??  (sent from Titwala Stn.)

train status?

what is the status Badlapur pls reply

Took 10.45 train frm Mulund...  running late but smootho. NOT crowded.. (sent from Nahur Stn.)

Is there in Mega Block in Central Line on Sunday? (sent from Bhayander)

central me many trains r cancelled today......what is the reasons ??? trains r delayed by 30 mins (sent from Thane Stn.)

train chalu aahe ka ??? kalyan (sent from Kalyan)

train status towards karjat? (sent from Badlapur)

train r on time or not?

Dombivili 7.59from ghatkopar crosses kalwa but stoped again what happrn?  (sent from Kalva Stn.)

kalyan to train chalu hai? (sent from Shelu Stn.)

what is a status (sent from Dadar Stn.)

???? (sent from Turbhe)

why trains r late for central line (sent from Vithalwadi Stn.)

kurla station flooded? (sent from Nahur Stn.)

where is 15 car fast? coming 2 kalyan? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

what is the status of central line from kurla  (sent from Kurla)

where is khopoli fast train  (sent from Mulund)

Nahur-kurla then kurla - GTB running on time?  (sent from Nahur Stn.)

situation at soon??

trains running properly ? (sent from Kopar)

11.46 ki thane se titwala konse pf pe ayegi?

cst from badlapur what's going on guys please reply fast (sent from Badlapur)

above mentioned issue has been resolved or not ????

thane se CST train chal rahi hai na? (sent from Cst)

train status? (sent from Dativali Stn.)

cst to thane are on time? (sent from Elphinstone Road)

what problem  (sent from Kalva Stn.)

what is the train issue (sent from Sion Stn.)

guys? (sent from Santa Cruz)

ghatkopar to catch status????? (sent from Andheri Stn.)

what about ghatkopar to dadar trains status?? (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

titwala chalu hai Kya???? (sent from Seawood Darave)

what is the structure of 12 car local train please upload a picture for the new bees to let us understand where and how many ladies coaches are their in a 12 car local.

any problem on slow track trains towards cst?

tell me.. train are working r not?  (sent from Gtb Nagar Stn.)

what is status of Kalyan to Kasara (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

where do i find local train time table (sent from Mulund Stn.)

Karjat local running ?

Vashi to Thane working ?? (sent from Vashi Stn.)

What about thane to panvel (sent from Kharghar Stn.)

trains are working now or not ?

what about Vikhroli to Titwala train (sent from Vikhroli)

Central line local status? (sent from Kurla Stn.)

are trains running on time ? (sent from Badlapur Stn.)

khapoli to cstm time pe hai kya? (sent from Matheran)

ghatkopar to cst train status?

is khopoli train left from csmt????  (sent from Elphinstone Road Stn.)

anyone at ulhasnagar station? can someone please tell me status at ulhas nagar station (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

what is status Kalyan to CST fast train

are trains are running from Kalyan to can't?

where is karjat train which coming  at 10.29pm in kalyan (sent from Kalyan)

are train running from Vasind to cst? (sent from Vasind Stn.)

cstm to Thane train status?? (sent from Thane Stn.)

what  (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)

what is overall train status (sent from Vikhroli)

Any train status from Nahur to CSMT? (sent from Nahur)

what's the condition of trains right now?? 

Are khopoli cst train working fine ?? (sent from Khopoli Stn.)

is there any announcement at station..! 

what's the status

trns are running or not from cst?  (sent from Cst Stn.)

train? (sent from Chinchpokli Stn.)

I want to go to KARJAT. is train available from ghatkopar? (sent from Chembur)

where is Kasara  (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

train chalu h kya ? cstm to diva? (sent from Dockyard Road Stn.)

what is the status of trains (sent from Thane)

trains are on time?? (sent from Shahad)

what about status on Dadar Station towards thane  (sent from Vadala Road)

are train going till cst???   (sent from Dombivli)

are trains work in central lines? (sent from Santa Cruz Stn.)

Sion water logging? (sent from Kalyan)

what's the status about thane to cst trains (sent from Marine Lines)

what is status from titwala station

Kalyan to CST trains chalu he ???

kahi problem aahe ky? (sent from Churchgate Stn.)

what about thane train (sent from Bhandup Stn.)

is 11:59 fast train from ambernath to cst on time? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

what a status of central local

are trains running normally? 

are trains from Kalyan on time?

trains are late ???

it will surely happen but the pace which our Railway department works looking into it it can take another 150 years or so. :)  (sent from Ambernath)

what's the status from thane stn  (sent from Airoli)

why on Earth is central railway always affected :-( (sent from Dadar Stn.)

badlapur se thane train chalu hai kya ? (sent from Badlapur)

are trains running ?? (sent from Thane Stn.)

r u sure?

what's the status of train  (sent from Mulund)

what about Thane to vashi  (sent from Thane)

what about sevagram express (sent from Airoli)

is any train toward cst (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)

Dombivali to Ghatkopar chalu ahe ka? (sent from Turbhe)

IS SION - THANE line is functioning normally? (sent from Sion Stn.)

wt is the status now? (sent from Kalva)

towards cst slow in central line ? (sent from Thane Stn.)

train are delayed ? (sent from Kopar Stn.)

locals why runing like hizadkhana (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

ambarnath to kalyn train?? 

not yet arrived at Thane. any idea anyone where is it ?? (sent from Thane Stn.)

aabhi chalu hai na train? (sent from Kalyan)

Wat is the status of Thane station?  trains are running towards kalyan????????? 

thane se cst status? 

 Thane to Badlapur local status?are trains running??  (sent from Airoli Stn.)

is trains running towards csmt from mulund ??  (sent from Mulund)

what about 15 cars fast local from csmt towards kalyan  (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

why trains are late (sent from Mulund Stn.)

thana to kalwa train chalu hai kya?? (sent from Thane)

where is asangaon semi fast now

Guys are trains up and running from DOMBIVLI to CST ? (sent from Dombivli)

central lane chalu hai kya ? (sent from Ghatkopar)

where is kalyan 12:52 any one have any idea? (sent from Sion Stn.)

where iz the dadar train

status of train timings? (sent from Badlapur)

any problem at kalyan ?????? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

kalyan to csmt ky status ahe Train cha.? (sent from Kalyan)

Dadar to Diva?? trains coming (sent from Matunga Stn.)

Badlapur to CST train chalu hai kya? (sent from Badlapur)

delay time? (sent from Kurla Stn.)

what's the status near kurlastation? 

how much late  (sent from Kalyan)

what about central line train..?  (sent from Kanjur Marg)

are trains on time?? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

kalyan se sb train time pay h ky?  (sent from Vithalwadi)

karjat fast today how much Rush  (sent from Sion Stn.)

what's exact status of trains ? I want to go to Thane in some time from Sion .. please let me know  (sent from Kings Circle Stn.)

Kurla to thane any updates?  (sent from Nahur)

is 6 clock csmt train on time ? (sent from Ambernath Stn.)

i want to go cst from Central?? (sent from Kurla Stn.)

what is the status towards thane (sent from Andheri)

is kalyan to cst and return working ? (sent from Thane)

is train available till thane?  (sent from Churchgate Stn.)

what is current situation in central line? (sent from Vasai Road)

train is on time or not

status of thana to Dombivli ??

what is current train status (sent from Kalyan)

thane to Vashi status ?? (sent from Bandra)

Dadar to towards kalyan what status on slow linw (sent from Vile Parle Stn.)

Are trains running from ULHASNAGAR to DADAR  ? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

where is 12:18 fast  (sent from Shahad Stn.)

thane teh Dombivali train chalu aahe ka ? (sent from Ghansoli)

aaj train chalu aahet ka?

dombivali jaaney ka dhimi local kabi aayega??

ok wht amb? (sent from Mumbra Stn.)

what is the status from Kuala to dadar

Kanjurmarg to Cst working? 

trains arent working properly in central. down trains are only working on fast tract that too with delays. up trains are arriving with delays upto 1 hr. have fun. bunk office chill! 🍺 (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

are trains from Kurla to Thane working? (sent from Vashi Stn.)

??  (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

status of dombivali and badlapur train route? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

Ghatkoper se Ambernath Train chalu hai kay?? (sent from Govandi Stn.)

kurla to badlapur trains are working? (sent from Sandhurst Road Stn.)

ghatkopar to Thane train r on time? (sent from Chembur)

any updates on train ? (sent from Churchgate)

are train's on time? (sent from Shahad)

Ulhasnagar to thane local Chalu he kya????  (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

amb to thane chalu hai kya??  (sent from Ambernath)

where's the khopoli bound fast train?

what is the status of central railways (sent from Kurla Stn.)

kasara to cstm train chalu hai kya? (sent from Dockyard Road Stn.)

thane to CST up and down trains updates? 

harbour services from Goregaon ok?

trains are working from Badlapur?

What namrata (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

karjat cst line chalu ahe ka ?

Is there trains are proper towards CST?  (sent from Dombivli)

any updates for mumbai-pune express getting affected?  (sent from Virar)

is there delay

what's d status from Thane stn?

towards thane? (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

tarin delayed by 30 min when cmng to cst(from cstm)

karjat to Dombivali chalu ahet ka train?

at present fast csmt is where (sent from Shahad Stn.)

Thane to cst ? (sent from Churchgate Stn.)

Thanks Mam..Train chalu nahiyet ka?  (sent from Mumbra Stn.)

where is 7.8am train from Mulund  (sent from Mulund Stn.)

dadar is blocked? 

Thane to CSt train status plz??

wat is the present situation ?

 Are trains running towards ambernath ? (sent from Kalyan)

what is tickets fair from Ghatkopar to western express highway station (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)

where is the Kalyan #slow local

I have to travel from ambernath to Grant road. any train issues today as it's raining heavily here in ambernath  ?? 

status of Thane to CST train?

is there any problem at diva trains are not moving ? (sent from Diva Jn)

anybody at Dombivli station? please let check whether Asangaon trn is passed or not?  (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

wbu Thane to badlapur trains? (sent from Airoli)

Dombivali situation? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

is all trains going proper from ghatkopar till cst

Mulund to CST train are working on time ? 

water logging? anywhere on tracks? (sent from Chunabhatti)

what status about karjat to kalyan trains

Mumbai to Pune trains chalu hai kya? (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)

are trains on time?

is there any problem from dombiwali to thane?? (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)

karjat train running on time? (sent from Bhandup Stn.)

are trains running from thane?

what about express are moving propar (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

where is 9.54 cst to kalyan train now (sent from Kurla Stn.)

status on down side trains??  (sent from Thakurli)

No tr towards kasara route...? plz kisiko pata he kya current status about kasara route (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

what is sent of Ambernath 8.44

is trains on time? (sent from Vithalwadi)

train is running from Dadar to diva??

What's the status about kurla to titwala...?  (sent from Kurla)

kalwa trains time pe hai kyaa? (sent from Kalva Stn.)

where is 0:38 karjat local from kalyan? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

? (sent from Thane Stn.)

is there any slow local train departed from kalyan? (sent from Thakurli Stn.)

titwala se kalyan hai trains??? (sent from Kalyan)

kurla to badlapur kya haal h ?? (sent from Tilak Nagar)

Ye central line wali chat hai. Go to western line chat box for better insights.  (sent from Nahur Stn.)

what is the status of Thane-Panvel route??? (sent from Mulund Stn.)

Mulund to ghatkopar train?  (sent from Mulund Stn.)

ghatkopar platform 1 situation ??? (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

what's the status of 9:07 CST from ambernath 

what abt central dadar to down side trains plz let me know (sent from Borivali)

what is the issue in Kalyan semi fast local???? (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

what is the train status from Kurla to Dadar (sent from Kurla Stn.)

CST to Kalyan running properly? (sent from Dombivli)

slow trains status ?

Is train running properly towards badlapur or not? (sent from Mulund Stn.)

how is the situation of kurla?

central line chalu hai kya? (sent from Sewri Stn.)

Cst krjat train running or not

are trains running on time towards badlapur?

if there is heavy rainfall than why they stop the services of train so that everyone can be safe at home but due to this only everyone rush for the job as at workplace no one listens the reason (sent from Parel)

is there any problem near mulund (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

what status in badlapur (sent from Badlapur)

?? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

train from karjat to kalyan  how it is run (sent from Karjat)

are trains working from karjat?? (sent from Neral Stn.)

what is the status of running trains (sent from Kurla Stn.)

is train issue started? 

ठाण्या हून ट्रेन वेळेवर चालू आहेत का?? (sent from Thane Stn.)

train chalu hai kya ??? (sent from Vikhroli)

Kalyan to Dadar trains are running?

are trains on time? (sent from Shahad)

central is working??? (sent from Thane)

is cst trns are on time properly? (sent from Ambivli Stn.)

thane to cst?  (sent from Airoli Stn.)

what about 9:25 cst fast local?? (sent from Dombivli)

khopoli train any update? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

Central line chalu ha kya?  (sent from Shahad Stn.)

kanjurmarg to thane train when he will come 

train chalu ahet kay?

update about 2.13 Kalyan csmt?? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

dombivli to Kalyan train are on time? (sent from Kopar Stn.)

is 6.43 train at kalyan from badlapur on time.????...shud be near ulhasnagara by now??? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

are trains on time? (sent from Shahad)

what is the status for train from Titwala to CSMT? and vise vera

hi friends good morning..... Boisar to virar train chalu h kya??🤔🤔 (sent from Boisar)

diva ke liye train chalu he kya????  (sent from Belapur Cbd Stn.)

what is the issue with the slow track?? (sent from Bhandup)

dadar to mulund??

ac lagwa de aap ke liye?  (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)

what is the reason? (sent from Airoli)

what is status now (sent from Mulund)

what is the train status from titwala

it's central line train are on time ?

what is the status of train from Dombivali to cstm? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

what's the update from thane to cst?  (sent from Thane Stn.)

what's the status of kasara train

what the problem (sent from Mulund Stn.)

are the trains running from dadar to Thane properly ? (sent from Mumbai Central Stn.)

any update on trains from sion to thane?  (sent from Gtb Nagar)

kanjur to Kalyan chalu hai Kya? (sent from Kanjur Marg)

is there water logging in kurla and sion? (sent from Churchgate Stn.)

are trains running from Kalyan to thane? (sent from Thakurli)

who wants bullet trains (sent from Bhandup Stn.)

train status today ??

kalyan to thane...train chalu aahe?

what abt kasara train 

where is S fast train? (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)

what is train status from domvibli to cstm ? (sent from Nilje)

where is kalyan train? (sent from Thane Stn.)

what the status about thane to titwala

what about thane to kalyan (sent from Rabale)

cst Thane fast???  (sent from Dadar Stn.)

thane to cst status plz?? (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)

is there rain after thane (sent from Vithalwadi)

does trains are running on time?? 

Or one of the dabba's might be carrying stuff that is needed to fix the issue in the train that has problem due to which all the trains are getting late

sion matunga train and rain status?

tomorrow mega blocks how many timr (sent from Chinchpokli Stn.)

kalyan se badlapur ? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

thane to vasai?  (sent from Andheri)

are the down trains running?

how u know,u r at nerul???? (sent from Mulund Stn.)

but what is the issues (sent from Kalva Stn.)

trains r working? (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)

Anyone outside Chembur station? Please check if any dhaniya vendor is  available.. (sent from Chembur)

What will be the first class fare from Dombivli to charni Road? 

its raining heavily in thane or south Mumbai??

Trains from Titwala to Thane are late?

wat about manmad mail? (sent from Airoli Stn.)

is central line working fine? (sent from Titwala)

it's raining what in mumbai plz tell (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

dadar to cst chalu hai kya?  (sent from Kandivali Stn.)

who is frining what u waana say 😶 (sent from Churchgate Stn.)

Thane to ambernath train working ??? (sent from Turbhe)

what about semi fast train?? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

 what about 10.42 Badlapur local ? (sent from Badlapur Stn.)

trains are halting at mumbra ? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

for cst train on time ?

???

what is problem (sent from Masjid Stn.)

today train timeing what (sent from Khopoli)

ghatkopar to thane trains ok?

where is everyone (sent from Vidyavihar Stn.)

I want to go to Kalyan. local train is wrkng r not ? (sent from Gtb Nagar)

is it moving? (sent from Vithalwadi Stn.)

what is the status f train from shahad to cst (sent from Shahad Stn.)

are train running on time towards kalyan???  (sent from Ghatkopar)

what is status of vasai to diva train (sent from Bhiwandi Road)

what's update of sion.....pani bhara hai ki nahi ? (sent from Badlapur)

is central line from kurla to cst working??  (sent from Vidyavihar Stn.)

what about Thane to Ghatkopar

what the train status from cst to Dombivli  (sent from Churchgate Stn.)

what is the status at Ghatkopar stm (sent from Bhandup Stn.)

bt wht happened?? (sent from Nahur)

what is the status of 4.14 cst train from asangaon (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

where is 11.13 fast CST train from thane..?

Central line ki trains chalu h??  (sent from Goregaon Stn.)

what Mishap? 

cst to thane... is train running? (sent from Masjid Stn.)

what is train status Central track

8:33 train status? ambernath to cst (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

what happened (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)

train from Ghatkopar to Kalyan r running or halted ?

are the trains running between mumbra to karjat????

ulhasnagar to kurla chalu h kya trains???? (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)

central railway DRM tweeted that there was problem in one rack of local which is shunted out (sent from Kalva)

Amberbath - CST train status please?

vadala to bandra train chal rahi hai kya? (sent from Vadala Road Stn.)

mumbra to thane train status ? (sent from Mumbra)

what's wrong with platform no.1?

are thane trains on time?

are trains running late or stopped? (sent from Thane)

is the trains are on time ?? (sent from Ambernath)

what is the status of mumbai pune express... (sent from Ambivli Stn.)

what's live status (sent from Dadar Stn.)

please confirm me at kalyan to csmt fast trai start or not

is central line train on time?? (sent from Marine Lines)

afraan frm charkop? 

What about cst fast from dombivali (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

badlapur to ulhas nagar??

slow train from kalyan....any updates?? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

what about down train from thane? (sent from Thane)

what about kurla to ghatkopar? (sent from Kurla Stn.)

vikhroli to cst?  (sent from Vikhroli)

vidyavihar 2 vikhroli status? (sent from Vidyavihar Stn.)

what about 15 cars fast local for kalyan where it is? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

diva vasai train is runing properly  ? (sent from Shahad)

what abt kurla sion??? is it working fine today (sent from Vithalwadi)

??? (sent from Thane Stn.)

at what time ll it be arrive?  (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

ghatkopr to kalyan tren chalu aahe ?

what is the position of train 4m Thane (sent from Ghansoli)

kalyan se train time pe hai kya ?

train kalyan k aage ja rahi he ki nhi??? (sent from Santa Cruz Stn.)

are trains late coz of rain? (sent from Matunga Road Stn.)

what about Thane to cst train service ?

Kalyan to kasara any updates ? (sent from Badlapur)

is all train in central line keep on time?  (sent from Vithalwadi)

kalyan badalapur is running ? (sent from Gtb Nagar Stn.)

what about soon and ghatkopar (sent from Kalva Stn.)

what problem at kurla (sent from Ghatkopar)

currey road to thane?  (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)

kya morning me train work karengi ?? (sent from Nilje)

what is the Status of cereal line (sent from Shahad)

churchgate to Andheri running? (sent from Elphinstone Road Stn.)

what about Kalyan?? (sent from Kurla)

where is 7:56 ambarnath train any idea (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

what's the news

thane to DOMBIVLI??? (sent from Kopar)

which coach? (sent from Thane Stn.)

Hey does train to cst are on time? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

kurla to bhandup? train status

sion to CST?? I am here at sion station waitng for train from last half an hour and almost 3 trains hav been cancled  (sent from Sion Stn.)

guys what's the position of trains tiwards CST from Kurla (sent from Kurla Stn.)

is the central line working (sent from Chunabhatti Stn.)

trains are on time? (sent from Koparkhairne)

what

Hi guys, Whether fast trns running properly on tym??? (sent from Airoli Stn.)

thane to Kalyan train station??? late or not working?

are trains running properly between Kalyan and CST?

trains are working? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

what's the status of trains ? 

Sion ka kya haal hai? (sent from Sion)

what about fast train (sent from Sion Stn.)

Badlapur to Kurla band Kyo nahi hai?  (sent from Badlapur)

ट्रेन सुरु आहे का ?कुर्ला ते ठाणे (sent from Ghatkopar)

status of fast trns frm kalyan to cst???

kalyan to titwala train chalu ahe ka?

Ghatkopar se train ja Rahi hai Ulhasnagar ??

why..? (sent from Ambernath Stn.)

hello, how are the trains from CSTM to Thane? are there any delays? (sent from Thane)

is there Thane to Dadar train running 

what is train stunted kasara to cst 

What is status of harbour

any body plzz reply...???

is train  running from karjat to cst..?

locals running on time?? (sent from Mumbra Stn.)

what is the status of 9.00 CST local from Badlapur? (sent from Badlapur)

thane to kasara? (sent from Thane Stn.)

is central railway working?

how's the rush at Thane station for trains towards Kalyan/kasara (sent from Thane)

are trains properly running from mulund to dadar?  (sent from Vile Parle)

where is 10.37 frm titwala to cst train now

status between dombivli & thane ? (sent from Dombivli)

I am in thane.want to go to Mumbai central rly stn to catch express at 7 pm.are trains running upto dadar?how much time should I keep for going from Thane to Dadar?

Train are running  or not? (sent from Rabale)

train status?? (sent from Gtb Nagar)

shayad to Ghatkopar train status please?? (sent from Shahad)

train late hai kya????  (sent from Mumbra)

6:45 CSTM FAST? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

thane status ?

CST to thane trains status? (sent from Byculla Stn.)

what about thane to diva fast trak (sent from Byculla Stn.)

r trains working properly today.... of central line...? (sent from Titwala Stn.)

from where you are

trains are running ifrom kalyan to thane? 

what about Kalyan.... (sent from Kalyan)

is train running fine from titwala to thane?  pls confirm urgently (sent from Titwala)

trains are working on central???

kasara to csmt train chalu hai kya?

ty bro u are the first person who replied with yes or no on question.. (sent from Nerul Stn.)

Kalyan to Thane train status ???

i dont know what is exact matter i think so overhead wire matter (sent from Nahur Stn.)

are train running on time? (sent from Kurla)

can anyone help me which train should I catch for Dadar to Vickroli and from which platform  (sent from Vile Parle)

reached where  (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

what is the train status from vikroli to kurla  (sent from Ghatkopar)

when is mega block 

thane se kalyan train chalu hai kya.?

.?????  (sent from Churchgate)

is it safe to travel to thane ?

is there train avaible after 4 from kasara to Cst

status of 9.45 karjat please (sent from Thane Stn.)

What the status vikhroli to kurla (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)

is there heavy rain nr diwa or thane

are the trains from Ambernath? (sent from Ambernath)

thane to kalyan chalu h kia? (sent from Airoli Stn.)

cst ke liye train status ok hai? (sent from Dombivli)

 kasara  11.19 from kalyan?? (sent from Shahad Stn.)

train are running from kalyan to badlapur? (sent from Thakurli Stn.)

Thane to Kalyan status pls?  (sent from Kalva)

what is badalapur train condition (sent from Sandhurst Road)

is there any problem with central railway, train is not running after mulund (sent from Thane)

what's the status of trains from ghatkopar to thane?

where is csmt to kasara (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

are there rains in nahur?

trains are late by how much time?

what about Sion water logging ? anyone please (sent from Badlapur)

Trains are there on time??? (sent from Nahur)

what about thane station?? Are trains running from thane to cst?? ??

is this train running towards kalva  (sent from Elphinstone Road)

Ulhasngr se train let haii kyy.??

water there..?  (sent from Kalyan)

from vikhroli to kalyan trains are on tym ? (sent from Vikhroli)

How are down town from sion?pl reply someone  (sent from Gtb Nagar Stn.)

is khopoli train running late , ??

any problem in thane harbour line?  (sent from Airoli)

what's the current status of running train (sent from Ghansoli)

what is the status of the train from Thane to titwala (sent from Kurla Stn.)

Mr. Shahu, no matters with any political party. Try to understand the Real situation, when there is a high tide time and its raining heavily water cloggong will happen and if its low tide then there would not be much problems. Request you not to make this public chat political .👍👍 (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

status on fast titwala local which leaves cst at 7.31 please is it on time 

R train running from mumbra ?? (sent from Byculla Stn.)

any train approaching vidyavihar? (sent from Vidyavihar Stn.)

Are central line trains on time??? (sent from Mulund)

Vidyavihar se chalu hai right trains?  (sent from Vidyavihar)

what is the train status from dombivli to ghatkopar (sent from Dombivli)

kalyn cst trains on tym ? (sent from Kalyan)

what a problem from Andheri station to csmt (sent from Thane Stn.)

hii what is the status about thana to kalyan 

where is asangaon train (6:17 pm Mulund) (sent from Mulund Stn.)

where is 5:21 slow from kalyan to cst. anybody on it?  (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

what is train status to go to bhandup? (sent from Borivali)

can railways reply on chats? (sent from Vithalwadi Stn.)

is central line working properly? (sent from Bhandup)

what's the status of thane to csmt (sent from Badlapur)

CST to Ambernath trains working ???

train chaul hai kay??  ambrenath to thane

please inform dombivali to Thane train is running or not

If you know then Pls call me on 9167082081..

trains running upto Badlapur? 

where should I get information about tomorrow's staus of Indrayani expess from CST  (sent from Kalyan)

since when (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

mulund to dombibli train chalu hai......? (sent from Nahur)

koyna express will come on which platform at thane? (sent from Kanjur Marg)

is Mumbai suburban Railway closed due to statewide shutdown?  (sent from Dahisar)

what the hell everyone asking same qtns...this chat is floded with chalu hai kya and status (sent from Rabale)

is cst to thane line running properly??  (sent from Mumbai Central Stn.)

train status? (sent from Vithalwadi)

what abut thane to panvel trains (sent from Asangaon Stn.)

where can I find easy way from LTT to CSMT

Why trains r running late?? Any updates 

which train

cst to Kalyan train ahe Ka?

central line kasara side Jane ne liye train time par he kya?  (sent from Ghatkopar)

? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

how much late trains are working on Central line? r they crowded? (sent from Kurla)

train status from Ggatkopar to kalyan...?

11.30 fast local from dombivali left or not

r trains to thane running on time? (sent from Lower Parel)

train are running towad ambernath from kurla?  (sent from Chunabhatti)

r trains running? (sent from Shahad)

dombivli to dadar trains????

06 40 ची बदलापूर वेळेवर आहे का ? ठाणे स्टेशन पासून (sent from Elphinstone Road)

train status ?? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

what about ghatkopar - Thane trains? (sent from Elphinstone Road Stn.)

are trains from thane to dadar running on time?

what status thane to kurla

what is train status from cst to ambarnah (sent from Ambernath)

thane vashi? (sent from Airoli Stn.)

what's about Ghatkopar to masjid (sent from Ghatkopar)

thane to kasara ? (sent from Thane Stn.)

are trains running properly from thane to Badlapur ?? 

ठाणे ते कुर्ला रेल्वे चालू आहे का? कोणाला काही माहीत असल्यास कळवा कृपया (sent from Kalva)

why 5:25 kalyan train is stucked at thane (sent from Thane Stn.)

any train between kurla to dadar sir????

is it raining heavily in Kurla? (sent from Nahur)

guys what's status train between Kalwa to Dadar (sent from Kalva Stn.)

Who said? (sent from Shahad)

current status for central line ? (sent from Mulund)

wht about fast train Thane to badlapur?  (sent from Thane Stn.)

train time pe he kiya?

at what time you got train and from which station

where is ambernath train reach,my daughter israveling in that train 

shahad to CST trains are working? (sent from Shahad)

what is train status from thane twrds cst (sent from Airoli)

ambernath to cst train chalu hai ka ? (sent from Ambernath)

r trains running on time?  (sent from Mulund)

are CST to badlapur chalu hai kya? (sent from Cst)

is karjat train in operation?

ठाणे 2 डोंबिवली चालू आहेत का?

what about central western line  (sent from Shahad)

what is current status of central line? (sent from Vithalwadi)

what is the situation at thane station?

tahne to asangaon? 

kurla to mulund.  are the trains running??  (sent from Vadala Road)

how to get to matheran (sent from Vangani Stn.)

is kurla to thane working??  (sent from Kurla)

कर्जत ते दादर ट्रेन चालू आहे का? (sent from Badlapur)

should we start our college journey or not for tomorrow??college location vangani..(sent from dombivli) (sent from Thakurli)

Pooja Iyer neenga vandu enna panaral ? padippa or velaiya (sent from Vikhroli)

what's the status of the train?  (sent from Thane)

VidyaVihar to thane are trains running properly?  (sent from Vidyavihar Stn.)

khopoli ka? (sent from Badlapur Stn.)

is train running between thane - cst??

dear sir Dahod  to Ajmer janevali koi train he. and he to time kya he??? 

what is status of badalapur cst train pls update (sent from Badlapur)

Is train line from Dadar to Thane working fine??

where do.you work...please let us know if any vacancy there...😉

are there trains from Ghatkopar to Thane? Slow or fast?  (sent from Andheri)

trains are working fine..lot of water logging at sion and kurla which normally happens, trains are late by 15 mins (sent from Lower Parel)

farm he konta station? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

trains working? (sent from Thane Stn.)

are central trains running on time ?? (sent from Dombivli)

r u m indicator employee?

please let know what is status of cr towards karjat, I've stuck in traffic nr ghatkopar (sent from Ghatkopar)

is there any train available on Friday during afternoon

trains are there?  (sent from Vangani)

i want to go mira rd. will i reach on time from thane to mira rd. via dadar ?

trains running time late or time? (sent from Kalyan)

?? (sent from Thane Stn.)

kurla to cst trains are on time??  (sent from Khandeshwar)

what is the status between mulund and parel ? (sent from Kanjur Marg)

kasara & Asangaon???

how is train from mulund to ambernath

today trains r running???

what about today morning local train service

should v leave for offc or not? current status of cstm gng trains?

train from thane to kasara is on time or what

train status ?  (sent from Mumbra Stn.)

can anybody post status about Mumbai to Pune trains? (sent from Thakurli Stn.)

what the train status ... (sent from Vikhroli)

any updates from dadar to karjat?   (sent from Chinchpokli Stn.)

where is 9.23 CSMT train (sent from Mumbra Stn.)

Dombivali Thane is running?? 

Trains are on time or not??? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

how much late train in central line?? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

what about diva to matunga run train . (sent from Diva Jn)

thane to dadar ?

what is status in neral Station 

plz give status from Dombivali to ghar kopar? (sent from Thakurli)

THANE to CST fast train is running on time or delay..??  (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

both track is working?? (sent from Dadar Stn.)

status of 11:44 fast train from dombivali for Cst ? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

trains are running from Vikhroli to Thane ??

Bhai kalyan se thane ke liye local chalu hai kya? ? ? ? 

Dombivli train status?

where is khopoli train  (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)

are train running from ghatkopar to cst now ?

karjat train chlu hai kya?? (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)

are the trains wroking fine? (sent from Mulund Stn.)

what's the position of central line today ? (sent from Nilje Stn.)

dadar to kalyan ?? (sent from Goregaon)

train chalu hai ????? (sent from Kandivali)

trains on time?  (sent from Kalyan)

Is it even raining today??? (sent from Vikhroli)

are trains from Kalyan to cst on time? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

towards cst kya status hai? (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)

what is train status (sent from Kalva)

Byculla to Thane trains ahet ka chalu ?? (sent from Byculla Stn.)

all friends who are in trains and in stations are requested to post about rain in their area and train status of that location, that information may be helpful to others so s  (sent from Badlapur)

What about dombivli to Dadar?

Is train dombivali to csmt working on time or how much ĺate ? (sent from Thakurli)

what is status or kanjurmarg to ghatkopar (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)

guys what about train from Dadar to kalyan  (sent from Kings Circle Stn.)

what is running status of thane to ghatkopar

slow trains r running today?? (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)

when it's normal  (sent from Jogeshwari)

is any issues between kurla to byculla???

what is status towards CST 

dombivli to thane are the trains working on time? 

good move from central railway. fast locals are stopping at where 4 platforms such as soon . (sent from Gtb Nagar Stn.)

what happen at nahur

what's the position in Mumbra to Dadar local trains 

on time train in work? (sent from Kanjur Marg)

cst to thane train status? (sent from Byculla Stn.)

Are trais running from Thane to Dadar?

are trains blocked at thane stn or running? (sent from Andheri)

is it full or vaccant?  (sent from Mulund Stn.)

hey is everything thing okay in Thane or is there any water logging? 

train chaalu aahet?

what about karjat thane trains? (sent from Thane)

Whts the status of CR? (sent from Churchgate Stn.)

what is the status for dombivali from csmt

cast to kalyan train are working now? 

karjat fast?? (sent from Sion Stn.)

thane ambernath route  ??

what about kalyan down trains? (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

good morning update central line running on the time today?

guys what ru doing yar

are trains running on time?

Ambernath station to Kalyan station trains are running late by what time please?  (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

anything from Thane? 

what about water logging on rail track?

central line is working?  (sent from Kings Circle Stn.)

Dombavli to cstm train chalu aahe ka???

trains stopping at curry road station?  (sent from Thane Stn.)

For those going to kurla...is there any waterlogging outside kurla station??

what's the status of central line from thane to dadar (sent from Thane Stn.)

Karjat to Kalyan train chalu hai kya?

are locals working??  (sent from Vasind)

thane karjat 5;43  where it is.  (sent from Badlapur Stn.)

harbour train line on time? (sent from Juinagar)

what about kasara asangaon train ? (sent from Turbhe)

meera pls update if any train from vithalwadi to cst..?

diva vasai line chalu hai Kya? (sent from Thane Stn.)

thane to cst running? 

sutti Nahi la?? (sent from Kanjur Marg)

any problems in train? (sent from Thakurli)

 hiii...what about central line  ???? (sent from Kalva Stn.)

any locals cancelled?  (sent from Kalyan)

any update about Dombivli-CST??

what is status of Thane to ambernath trains ? (sent from Thane)

train towards thane is available? 

ambernath trains running ok towards khopoli..?? (sent from Ambernath Stn.)

what is status of train in Central (sent from Andheri)

what happen

उल्हासनगर वरुन डोंबिवलीला जायला ट्रेन आहे का????? (sent from Dombivli)

any mail or express are late specially aurangabad route ?

is trains running from Thane to Ghatkopar? pls confirm (sent from Thane)

chalu hai Kya kopoli ki trains? (sent from Seawood Darave)

how is the situation of trains and rain now towards mumbai cst (sent from Dombivli)

Kurla status towards Mulund? (sent from Chunabhatti)

what is train status from dadar to ambernath (sent from Jogeshwari)

Byculla to thane train running??? (sent from Reay Road Stn.)

what is status at ghatkopar

from vidyavihar any train is there for titwala?????

kurla- dadar?

is the western line working normal?

hi guys what is the status of Western line train running or not (sent from Naigaon)

is all train on time  (sent from Thakurli)

what is the status of trains? (sent from Badlapur)

tiwala to cst? (sent from Ambivli Stn.)

what is present statue of local trains

?? (sent from Kalva)

is there train from kurla to dadar?

kanjurmarg to kalyan train chalu aahe ka??  (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)

things r safe until u r emotinally n physically strong enough to go thru the ordeal . patience is needed. when its raining obvisouly trains will b delayed (sent from Thakurli Stn.)

On Sunday morning at around 7:30am are there chances of rush from thane to Karjat?? 

any update for central line trains ? any delays or complete shut down ?

is train working from ghatkopar to Andheri? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

what have an update to 7:30 am khopoli lacal (sent from Karjat Stn.)

6:23 ladies local to kalyan is tuck between kanjurmarg and Bhandup does anybody know why it's been good 15 -20 mins it's halted

What about Kasara-Cst Local ?

Thane se CST Tak train chalu hai?

is central line is running or not

what local status from badlapur st 

trains are late or on time ??  (sent from Thakurli)

is train going towards thane from vithalwadi? (sent from Vithalwadi)

Diva to Vasai are cancel or Running ?

cstm down trains running?  (sent from Churchgate)

trains are on time. what kind of a sorcery is this??? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

what abt ठाणे cst 9am train (sent from Thane Stn.)

hello.. r trains running from byculla to thane? (sent from Mumbai Central Stn.)

is train working? (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)

from dombivali r trains working ?? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

so late ??? (sent from Dombivli)

up trains are ok from dombivli?  (sent from Thakurli)

what status about dadar to thane.  (sent from Dadar)

metro chal rahi hai kya? (sent from Govandi)

r trains coming from ambernath to badlapur?

what about Byculla to kurla trains? what is the position? 

what's the status of centeral line (sent from Vikhroli)

whats is the status of ghatkopar to kurla??

travell karna chaiye ki nai? (sent from Vithalwadi)

trains running from Vashi to Thane are on time??

prison break s5 to s8 ahe ka? (sent from Mulund Stn.)

trains are running?

thanks. is it late or on time?  (sent from Kalva)

what is the train status from Ghatkopar to kalyan

bdlp cst fast train status??? 7:56 at klyn ... anyone (sent from Kalyan)

kurla jane ke liye train hai kya ?? (sent from Kalyan)

can anyone please tell me, what is an issue in central railway (sent from Vashi Stn.)

kasara to Thane train chalu ahet KY???

ulhasnagar  to cstm??? (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)

what is the status of central line (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

? (sent from Airoli Stn.)

what is the problem between Mulund & Thane? (sent from Nahur Stn.)

dadar 2 karjat train status?  (sent from Charni Road Stn.)

what's the status of trains from dombivali to thane (sent from Nilje)

college jau ki nhi ?  (sent from Kalyan)

why?

what happen

http://dhunt.in/4nCtd?s=a&ss=wsp (sent from Badlapur Stn.)

train status kya hai? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

What about kurla to thane?

wht is the update frm mumbra to bhandup?

status at kalyan? 

train status?? (sent from Dombivli)

what is the current status from kalyan (sent from Kalyan)

wat Abt central line train status?? (sent from Koparkhairne)

what is the status of central railway (sent from Virar)

where has Karjat Local reached? (sent from Thane Stn.)

what's status about kalyanto kasara

anyone in 10.31 at bhandup fast khopoli train? (sent from Mumbra Stn.)

what status of cst to badlapur (sent from Chembur Stn.)

kasara local update anyone ? (sent from Mulund Stn.)

what is the status of andheri to Panel trains

train to cstm ??  (sent from Mulund Stn.)

what is Central line status, (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

are the stations from dadar to thane flooded...??? 

cst to kurla? any update...... (sent from Marine Lines Stn.)

what status now (sent from Ambivli Stn.)

thane to kalyan chalu ahe ka?

are trains on time?  (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

10:32 fast train from dombivali?  (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

Bhandup to Thane????? (sent from Bhandup)

had u not read all chats? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

what's the status of sahyadri exp (sent from Ambernath Stn.)

thane to dombivli route clear hogaya? (sent from Thane Stn.)

r down trains running ?

are they on time? (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)

Guys what is the status of trains? does the train are running on time? (sent from Titwala Stn.)

kurla kalyan working? (sent from Bandra)

water logging at Kurla ???

koi toh bolo ki bohat pani bahara hai ; Central railway is closed 😭 (sent from Kalyan)

what about 9:10 Asangoan in kalyan (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

what is status of local towards Kalyan from Ghatkopar

I am going to Karjat so which local in this route ani which time and which platform no

what the status of train??  (sent from Badlapur)

yes. whr is khopoli trn ryt now? (sent from Kopar Stn.)

what about kasara line (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

is it raining in thane????

thane se vaahi train status pls?

what is status for cr. badlapur to karjat (sent from Badlapur Stn.)

Vikhroli to Dadar? kya status hain bhai log (sent from Vikhroli)

7.15 pm Fast Train towards Csmt ?? (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)

is 8.24 thane cst fast in time? (sent from Mulund)

where it is?? (sent from Vithalwadi)

are trains on time from thane to dadar??

arre yaar kalse baarish ho rahi hai sabko pata hai, log bol rahe hai paani bhara hai, sab chalu toh hai lekin kitni der tak? (sent from Andheri)

dombivli to thakurli working? (sent from Dombivli)

thane to dadar gadi ka Kya status h??

CST to thane train status? (sent from Vikhroli)

which phatak (sent from Kalva Stn.)

titwala side trains are running or not

train ? (sent from Bandra Stn.)

train stop at diva stations.any problem? (sent from Nahur)

thane to vashi train chalu hai kya ? (sent from Ambernath)

hi. Kasara  9.01pm is it on time??? (sent from Dadar Stn.)

@CST user: What is the status of 5:00 Ambarnath fast (sent from Cst Stn.)

dombivli to cst???

are trains from badlapur to csmt running?  (sent from Thakurli)

cath...Are u student? 

khopoli to csmt local service chalu ahe Ka?

karjat to cst trains are on time or not...??? (sent from Vangani Stn.)

vashi to thane train chalu hai kya??  (sent from Ghansoli)

kal megablock he central line par? (sent from Kalamboli)

please tell me all of you when you are in traveling

can u confirm train is working or not

any train delay due to rain?

fast train from karjat ? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

are trains working?

Dombivli trains made gardi ahai ka? (sent from Kopar)

is any train toward cst from Ambernath (sent from Vithalwadi Stn.)

 7:13 train from dadar to thane fast??  (sent from Dadar Stn.)

Kya train..?? kuch bhi Kya puchte ho (sent from Ambernath Stn.)

is there any train from kurla to thane now (sent from Tilak Nagar Stn.)

dadar to Kalyan batao status? (sent from Thakurli)

Badlapur to CST trains are working properly or not

kalyan to dadar ? (sent from Shahad)

अंबरनाथ ते दादर लोकल ट्रेन चालू आहे का??? (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)

are dombivli/ kalyan trains running? (sent from Mumbra Stn.)

dadar locals are on time? (sent from Nahur Stn.)

thane fast???  (sent from Dadar Stn.)

kaha hai tumhara ghar? (sent from Badlapur)

vikroli ke liye dadar se 7 baje train hai kya?

karjat cstm train?

what is tha status of virar to andheri  (sent from Virar)

is it raining in thane?? (sent from Virar)

Thane to Dadar train Chalu aahet Ka?? (sent from Ghansoli)

what's train status from dombivali towards CSTM station

train status for CST frm badlapur???

I don't know how many guys will read this and try to think..but please people traveling to Dombivali and Thane kindly avoid fast trains..there are many trains for you guys and the distance isn't much..People who stay beyond Kalyan are the ones who suffer..try to think.. (sent from Mulund)

Is the Kasara local on time

what happened with cst side train...there is no train from 15 mi  (sent from Chinchpokli Stn.)

What is train status ?

is too much rain der ?

why train stop between ghatkoper and vikroly

what is the current update on kalyan engine problem (sent from Vasind)

where is 5.32 kasara train now (sent from Shahad Stn.)

what happened  (sent from Sandhurst Road)

central railway? (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

shahad to cst trains are running? (sent from Shahad)

or come to kalyan and take train which goes chennai or Hyderabad (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

thane to dadar ? (sent from Airoli Stn.)

.mulund se thane ke aage ja rahe hai kya trains??? (sent from Mulund)

thane to Dadar trains chalu he kya ?  (sent from Airoli)

ka? (sent from Badlapur Stn.)

what is the status of   local trains running tho CST

kurla to dombivali? 

if anyone know plz tell me diva vasai train chalu hai ya nahi? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

are trains running on time?

pune to ltt local is running or not

what about Dombivli to Kuala?  (sent from Dombivli)

what is the status of train???? (sent from Andheri)

is there any train from Vikhroli to Kalyan now (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)

9:33 cst fast from thane left? (sent from Mulund Stn.)

what abt kurla ro ghatkoper trains are running or not (sent from Kurla Stn.)

Titwala to CST Trains chalu hai kya ?

kalyan to karjat kay update ?

titwala to cst working? please reply 

what's the current status of train (sent from Grant Road)

where have you reached now? what time you took train? (sent from Dombivli)

what's today's train status

what is the train running status on central line?  (sent from Andheri Stn.)

train are on time from Thane towards Dadar? (sent from Kalva)

what is status of Kasara - Csmt?

what is the problem at vikhroli (sent from Ghatkopar)

can anybody tell me where is Asangaon train which is on 6.09 @ Vikroli (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)

are trn running properly from Ambernath to csmt? (sent from Ambernath Stn.)

central line chalu ahe ka???

Kalyan trains running?  (sent from Ghansoli)

train is on time ? (sent from Vikhroli)

what is the status of trains today from dadar to vikhroli (sent from Vadala Road Stn.)

are there any trains being cancelled from cst?  (sent from Churchgate Stn.)

are train on time from Ambarnath ?? (sent from Ambernath)

where is badlapur train

Kurla to Vashi?  (sent from Ghatkopar)

what is currant status of local...?

any possibilities of train getting stopped completely...?? (sent from Kopar Stn.)

 7:51 lagega ya nahi? (sent from Ambernath)

how abt vikhroli to dadar? (sent from Vikhroli)

Where is now kasara train  (sent from Titwala Stn.)

central line is clear or not 

what is condition for central railway (sent from Airoli Stn.)

are train thane to airoli are running ? (sent from Vithalwadi Stn.)

plse tell us what the status (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

what about train status from kalyan to dadar

hi trains are running from ambernath?

what is the status of local trains kalyan to thane (sent from Kalyan)

please tell mi what is the update on central railway on today (sent from Dombivli)

what about trans harbour train guys (sent from Ghansoli)

anybody reached at Cst.. or nearby stn?  (sent from Thane)

ghatkopar to Mulund trains working? (sent from Andheri Stn.)

trains are delayed?? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

what is a current situation ? (sent from Thakurli)

any one at badlapur station? 

Teaching swimming tomorrow for free in Ghatkopar. Everyone who can't swim should join in. kab tak railway ke bharose jiyoge 😂

trains status???

Are trains working on time? (sent from Chunabhatti)

train chalu hai Kya? (sent from Sewri)

mulund to Dadar status?  (sent from Mulund)

train chalu h kya central line ki? (sent from Thakurli Stn.)

what is the status of titwala slow 7.08 local from ghatkopar (sent from Ghatkopar)

are trains running timely?

is there mega block between kasara and kalyan? tomorrow

what a busy day ya

dadr to kalyan trin statussss?? (sent from Charni Road Stn.)

what is d status from cst to thane (sent from Marine Lines Stn.)

cst to kalyan train chalu hai?? (sent from Masjid)

are trains running ??  (sent from Kalyan)

dadar to thane status?!? (sent from Dahisar)

karjat to thane status??

thane to kalyan local chalu ahe ka?

khopoli tren kuthe aali? (sent from Thane)

Trains r on time from kalyan to CST?

ghatkopar to thane?? (sent from Vidyavihar Stn.)

what is the actual problem (sent from Mulund Stn.)

Dadar Thane trains chalu ahet? Anyone travelling pl update (sent from Khadavli)

if everything is OK then why trains have stopped  (sent from Bhandup Stn.)

wht about trains from kalyan to karjat??? (sent from Mumbra Stn.)

trains puri taraha band hai ki late chalu hai?? (sent from Vikhroli)

What's is the problem in kalwa guys  (sent from Shahad Stn.)

trains from ghatkopar to Thane is working? 

fast trains are working or not? (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)

what about sion

what about ambernath to thane (sent from Ambernath Stn.)

how are trains from thane station (sent from Kalva)

trains on time or not..??  (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

central lines are running???? (sent from Lower Parel)

why train are stopped from sion to mulund  (sent from Matunga Stn.)

cat to thane running ?  (sent from Cst Stn.)

is it  overcrowded???   (sent from Nahur)

dombivli to cst?  (sent from Dombivli)

what is the current status of khopoli train ?  (sent from Thane)

what about dadar to ghatkoper train (sent from Dadar)

from where (sent from Badlapur)

trains are running?  (sent from Vikhroli)

is trains are working....?? (sent from Chunabhatti)

what is status from Abernathy train from kalyan (sent from Ambivli)

?

Kalyan to Dadar train chal rhi kya? (sent from Ambivli Stn.)

Mulund se Dombivli train hai Kiya?

CST la jayela trains time var aahe kaa?? (sent from Kalva Stn.)

guys are train running between dadar to Ghatkopar ? (sent from Jogeshwari Stn.)

where is 15 car  (sent from Ghatkopar)

which semifast? (sent from Thane Stn.)

cst train chalu hain kea?

Dear all can anyone give the update regarding current train status?? (sent from Kalva)

kurla to thane status? please (sent from Kurla Stn.)

what abt karjat khopoli train (sent from Turbhe)

Thane to vashi ?  (sent from Thane)

trains from kurla towards matunga is running? (sent from Nerul Stn.)

This is a monitored chat forum. dont put such messages. Please (sent from Dombivli)

what about diva jn to Dadar (sent from Diva Jn)

what is the status of centernal line (sent from Chinchpokli Stn.)

what about kalyan to thane status

any updates for down side services from thane?

thane cst working? need to go kurla?  (sent from Thane)

Train status from thane to csmt?

trains are working from Thane? (sent from Airoli)

konse?? (sent from Dombivli)

any update on Thane to start trains? (sent from Thane)

Central line status any delay?

mulund to kanjur stn ? (sent from Mulund Stn.)

what abt trns from vikhroli

train time pe he kya? (sent from Mulund Stn.)

what is status of trains from titwala to cst (sent from Shahad)

trains from badlapur ??

cst karajat train chalu aahet ka? (sent from Belapur Cbd)

what  is the status  of  kalyan and ghatkoper (sent from Kalyan)

what is the status of CST to Ambernat? (sent from Dockyard Road Stn.)

where is sinhgad express (sent from Karjat Stn.)

Anyone who is in the train ar Thane station, heading towards CST

trains on time? (sent from Shahad)

kasara to Cst status??

kurla to diva trains are working ???

curry road to dombivli train h kya?? (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)

is there will be prblm aftr 8 (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

any issue in Thane ? (sent from Kalva)

What is the current status of CR ? Thane to CST Trains are moving ???

what is the status of trains from Thane? (sent from Thane)

what about 9:13 train badlapur at dombivali (sent from Badlapur Stn.)

What about status of the Kalyan to Thane (sent from Mulund)

trn status from thane to kalyan? 

from where you got this news (sent from Kopar)

kalyan to csmt ?

thane k aage bhi slow hai kya??  (sent from Bhandup)

Kurla to Airoli is working?????? (sent from Chunabhatti Stn.)

does  rajyarani train halts at Thane in evening?towards Nashik (sent from Nahur Stn.)

 what is the situation beyond Thane as slow train is having hault at kalwa from last 20 mins (sent from Kalva)

Thane To Dadar???  (sent from Thane Stn.)

 I got a news some where bridge is collapse that is true or not true

trains late hai kya?? 

what is train status

what is the status of central line train (sent from Ambernath Stn.)

timings and Area?  (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

wbt ambernath fast train ??? (sent from Mulund Stn.)

403 kalyan tren where (sent from Nahur Stn.)

any status?? (sent from Thane Stn.)

panvel aur cst train time peh chalra Hai Kya? (sent from Juinagar Stn.)

karjat train gayi kya thane se? (sent from Thane Stn.)

what about trains from Thane to karjat

How much delay for Thane bound trains from Ghatkopar? (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

Kalyan station express no 12111 was on time ???? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

what is train status  ambarnath fast (sent from Thane Stn.)

is there train runing on time frm kurla to kalyan  (sent from Tilak Nagar Stn.)

what about thane to Ghatkopar bound trains? (sent from Mulund Stn.)

thane to Ghatkopar local hai kya ?

are there any trains from mulund to airoli?? (sent from Mulund Stn.)

are trains running? (sent from Kalyan)

any train towards badlapur???? (sent from Sanpada Stn.)

Andheri to Virar will be running na?

LTT Madurai Express one coach derail in Khandala Ghat today morning 0300 hrs. on Karjat Lonawla track

trains are running from Ghatkopar to badlapur?  (sent from Shahad)

are trains going ahead of matunga?

Karjat Jana hai.....any problem to travel? (sent from Vithalwadi)

what is the status of kalyan-kasara train? (sent from Vasind Stn.)

dadar to thane trains chi paristhiti ky ahe ??? (sent from Lower Parel)

what is the issue of the central lines 

in mumbai it's raining what ?? kindly update (sent from Vangani Stn.)

I'm reaching karjat at what time would I get metro from ghatkopar??

trains r working? (sent from Tilak Nagar)

why trains are delayed

routes till Kalyan working fine?? 

 Yaar! Humesha Yeh Sab Central Line Me Hi Kyu Hota Hai? Naa Toh Iddr Fast Train Ki Frequency Hai! Aur Toh Aur Time Par B Nhi Chalti! Aur Fir Tracks Fracture!

local running from kalyan to kasara ? (sent from Kalyan)

What is the train Ambernath to Cstm

what about MUMBRA to CST status

any problem for going cst?? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

central line train running on time??? (sent from Thane)

why train's running late???

are trains running towards CST? 

how much time will it take for the train to start from nahur..?  stuck since half n hr..  (sent from Bhandup)

what's the status for trains till kurla?!

any updates on Metro from Ghatkopar? (sent from Matunga Road Stn.)

what is the auto situation in thane? can anyone tell?  (sent from Bhandup Stn.)

is there any problem in diva???  (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

Kalyan to kurla train are running or nor?

trains kiti late ahet kalyan Varun?

kurla, Sion and matunga station status...  any one from these stations on platform right now?  reply to us (sent from Ghatkopar)

Asangaon CSMT ruing regular?  (sent from Vasind Stn.)

kya train Dadar to CSMT chal rahi hain?  (sent from Byculla Stn.)

are trains running properly from dombivli to mulund?   (sent from Mulund)

how to go to lonavla by train? (sent from Khar Road)

is there any problem in slow track

Asangaon to CSMT train running on time? (sent from Vasind Stn.)

are asangaon to thane trains on time ??? (sent from Vasind)

metro running ? (sent from Kopar Stn.)

thane to kalyan trains are running or not??

are thane trains working from platform no 1? (sent from Kalva)

sion ka kay hal hai bahiiii???? (sent from Dadar)

is kalva to dadar train running? (sent from Kalva)

where is karjat train i'm in badlapur station  (sent from Badlapur Stn.)

ambernath to cst chalu hai kya ???

Asangaav ka line chalu h kya?  (sent from Gtb Nagar)

what is status of trsin

dadar to thane train what is the status? (sent from Parel)

any slow train cst off the way ? (sent from Nahur Stn.)

wer is 9.33 cst fast from thane?  (sent from Mulund)

what about Ambernarth to Kalyan

what about towards karjat train (sent from Badlapur)

Sure?

whats the status? are trains running from thane to CST?

Ambernath to CST trains running?? any info?

what is the trains status today ? (sent from Badlapur)

Mulund ka kya haal hai ?

does trains running from kurla to kalyan? let me knw asap (sent from Sion)

does any1 knw why trains r late (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

Asangaon train?  (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

Train on time hain kya? Kalyan to CSMT 

is it crowded on ghatkopar station???  (sent from Andheri Stn.)

उद्या सुट्टी आहे का भाऊ?

didn't mean what you said?  (sent from Charni Road)

any cancellations of trains in central line towards kalyan pls?  (sent from Cotton Green)

Central railway is on schedule or not? specially trains for Pune. (sent from Mankhurd)

Why are trains late today?  (sent from Thane Stn.)

dadar to ghatkopar?? (sent from Kandivali)

train status till cst from kalyan ?

how much time required? (sent from Nahur Stn.)

what is Koyana/Sahyadri Express/ Mahalaxmi passenger status

Dadar to Kalyan train chalu hai kya?? (sent from Elphinstone Road Stn.)

Hi all, what's the status of trains to Kalyan

central line status? (sent from Airoli)

what about Thane up train? is it running?

now arrived?  (sent from Badlapur)

why trains are late? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

what's the trn status towards kalyan ?

kal chalu hai trains???(sent from ulhasnagar) (sent from Vithalwadi)

what about down central line (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)

10.48 fast local from shahad to cstm, where it is? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

dadar to gharkopar trains chalu he? (sent from Khar Road Stn.)

 train chalu hai?? 

what's the status from vikhroli to Thane 

bhai CSt to kalyan train chalu hai kya??  (sent from Churchgate Stn.)

mahalaxmi express -17411 is right time?

Kurla to Borivali train travel is possible? (sent from Vashi Stn.)

can anybody tell about kasara train where is now (sent from Titwala Stn.)

train status? (sent from Dombivli)

Whats the train status from Badlapur to cst??

dombivli to thane trains running or not 

visind to thane ...how much late? (sent from Vasind)

Are Central railway trains running? 

train chalu ahe ka?  (sent from Bandra)

where is TITWALA (sent from Dombivli)

what is the condition of central railway now (sent from Vidyavihar)

how delayed are trains from Ambarnath to cst? 

Why will u start running backwards  (sent from Belapur Cbd)

trains are running properly or not?? (sent from Kopar)

kasara CST train in schedule time?

cst se badlapur train chalu h kya? (sent from Churchgate Stn.)

update for ghatkopar to dadar?? (sent from Andheri Stn.)

are trains working???

Ghatkopar to thane trains running? (sent from Kings Circle)

any idea what happen to cst kalyan train? (sent from Nahur Stn.)

trains are running or not towards Badlapur?

hiii how are you miss meenakshi  (sent from Vasind)

karjat chal rahi ? (sent from Dombivli)

are trains operating ??

Megablock hai kya aaj? (sent from Kalva)

what is the train running status today

why trains are so late today ? (sent from Mulund)

what about thane  to Ulhas 

rains?.... are there any water logging at any place in central line?

what is kasara to cst train status pls update  (sent from Asangaon Stn.)

Where Is Ngarcovil Express (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)

any status of dadar tu  thane trains? (sent from Matunga Stn.)

are the trains going beyond Thane?

where is titlwala 11.46 plz update  (sent from Mumbra Stn.)

CST fast train from Karjat has left Kalyan or not?? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

 is any fast train to cum at thane (sent from Mumbra Stn.)

are central line towards kalyan running? (sent from Goregaon Stn.)

r trains on time from shahad to Thane??? (sent from Shahad)

 why trains are late (sent from Shahad)

what about titwala (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)

is there any problem in slow track central line

local is on time ? or delayed ? (sent from Kalyan)

on time?? (sent from Thane)

what is the train position from Mulund to cst (sent from Mulund Stn.)

thane to cst ?

what's the train status (sent from Dombivli)

dombivali train is running?

what status about 9: 56 badlapur local from ulhasnagar } (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)

what about trans harbour? (sent from Kanjur Marg)

kasara se train chalu hai kay....? (sent from Asangaon Stn.)

central se trains suru hai kya?? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

what is the main problem for hurdle the train  (sent from Bhandup Stn.)

where is kalyan to kurla train?  (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

what is the train status from ambarnath to CST? (sent from Ambernath Stn.)

thane slow who's schedule 19.34 is now 20.37 at mulund (sent from Thane Stn.)

what kind? (sent from Kalva Stn.)

reached kalyan or not? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

Central  railway train status?  (sent from Vithalwadi)

are d western line running properly?

is 9:30am train from thane Station platform number 1 cancelled?  (sent from Kalva)

pls update trains are working from Dadar towards Ambernath?? (sent from Vile Parle)

wht is status between mulund nd nahur station?? (sent from Mulund Stn.)

train on time hai??? (sent from Ambivli)

trains are running from badalapur to thane???  (sent from Koparkhairne)

8;36 kalyan local where it reach (sent from Vithalwadi)

cst se karjat train chalu hai Kya??? (sent from Bhandup)

any problems between Kurla an Vidyavihar?  (sent from Kanjur Marg)

hey guys Kya aap bataa saktey hai k titwala to kalyan k beech may trains ka status Kya chal Raha hai? (sent from Titwala Stn.)

give me a running status of 12:56 asangon  fast train which cross asangon at 12:56 PM 

trains are running or not? 

stucked between kurla and sion from last 25 minutes. slow train is not moving but fast train is moving smoothly. I don't no what is the issue.  (sent from Kurla)

Badlapur Kalyan status? (sent from Badlapur)

kya problem huwa hai.... train is still stucked before nahur STN ??? (sent from Nahur Stn.)

kalyan to CST train time p h na????  (sent from Vithalwadi)

I've to go vidyavihar can any1 suggest i can reach or not

Has the 4.11 karjat train from badlapur gone (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)

are trains running properly between thane and Ambernath? (sent from Ambernath)

those who have written swimming as a hobby in resume they have to reach office as soon as possible 😂 (sent from Vidyavihar Stn.)

local for kasara from dombivli are working or not??

ghatkopr to Dombivli??

what about central line (sent from Thane)

any train between Kurla to Vikhroli? (sent from Gtb Nagar Stn.)

is there any train for badlapur from ambernath now (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

Is the kurla train issue solve? (sent from Thakurli)

what's the status at badlapur?  (sent from Badlapur)

trains between thane and And Airoli ?

is any trains available (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)

central me kya problem hai ? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

Can someone tell what's the status of Central Railway? 

what is the status post sion? sion to cst? 

trains chalu h ya band h aaj ? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

any train running towards karjat? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

train band hone k any chance...?😅😅 (sent from Bhandup)

badlapur to cst are running? (sent from Badlapur Stn.)

thanks, it is Right time or not

what announcement (sent from Kalyan)

will you stop posting shit? (sent from Nahur)

Kalyan to Thane? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

is central line alright?? (sent from Vidyavihar)

Sion situation plz anyone? (sent from Nahur Stn.)

down side trains are lates?? (sent from Dombivli)

what is status for titwala to dadar (sent from Titwala Stn.)

what is the status of CST to Dombivli

15 coach fast train for Kalyan where is it (sent from Thane Stn.)

what is the issue on Central line. we are held up between bhandup and nahur.

are kya? (sent from Turbhe Stn.)

cst fast 9.04 from Kalyan  running late ??? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

Ghatkoper to Thane trains are working? (sent from Andheri Stn.)

sab time pe chal rahi hai late nahi hai trains, in all 3 lines?  (sent from Andheri)

train status from kalyan to cst ? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

what about CSMT TO kasara

bhai log central line ki kya suchna hai ?? (sent from Diva Jn)

are train running on time towards cst? (sent from Thane)

are there any updates regarding semi fast trains? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

are trains running from neral to cstm?? (sent from Neral Stn.)

are trains on Central railway running?

ambarnath to dadar train h??? (sent from Ambernath)

kopar to bhiwandi train chalu ha kya  ???? (sent from Kalyan)

train is going to dombivli or not?  (sent from Sion Stn.)

train on time ???? for CST  (sent from Kalyan)

what's the status of Thane to ambernath?? (sent from Rabale)

what is status of central local down  (sent from Vidyavihar)

 what about 4.20 from khopoli towards cst (sent from Badlapur)

what is the status of Dombivli to CSMT (sent from Thakurli)

are wo dadar station ke idhar manchurian wala hai kya?

what is the status of train towards cst?  (sent from Bhandup)

what is status from ghatkopar to kalayn

Pune Jane wali 3baje ki sinhgad express aur 5 baje ki pragati chalu hai ya cansel Hui hai?

is there train from dombivli (sent from Dombivli)

what about ghatkoper to BADLAPUR 

thane to cst Pls? (sent from Manasarovar Stn.)

what about Thane to Kalyan  (sent from Vikhroli)

is there a mega block on Dadar to Vikhroli? (sent from Elphinstone Road)

Ghtkopar to cst up or down trains h ya cancl h? (sent from Ghatkopar)

Everyone is accustomed to just ask questions like idiots...instead of checking chats of people who havr already posted status (sent from Masjid Stn.)

are trains working? thane stn

train are working at Kurla???

Is it raining in sion ?

but what is issue ??? (sent from Kopar Stn.)

kalyan to cst trains chalu h ki band h?? (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)

Ghansoli jaana h trains h kya? (sent from Jogeshwari)

what is train status at badlapur

koi badlapur se update do..kya condition hai..? any announcement

thane to cst ahe ka ?

dombivli to cst chalu hai kya? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

is train is runing on time from mumbra to cst?  (sent from Mumbra Stn.)

fast train any status plzz rly???? (sent from Dombivli)

Kurla to Thane?  (sent from Kurla)

any train stoppage at kalyan due to rain? (sent from Vasind Stn.)

what happened on central train 7.46 cat train yet not reach at thane? (sent from Thane Stn.)

Kurla to thane train working? (sent from Chunabhatti Stn.)

ambernath to badlapur? (sent from Badlapur Stn.)

नाशिक से मुंबई से नाशिक ट्रेनो की स्थिती सामान्य है क्या?

train are available now ?

Status of Dadar Station?????

what about central line trains?

train status from ghatkopar to dombivali?

what about dombivali

what is the status of trains?

 train from andhari to belapur is working or not 

what about Central line?? are trains properly working from Thane to ghatkopar??  (sent from Bhandup)

hello ..are there train from kurla to CST? (sent from Tilak Nagar Stn.)

current status plz???

are the trains on time ? 

is the train regular 

Ek b train nai h fr cst??? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

cstm to titwala train r running or not

what information  can i get here😶😶 (sent from Airoli)

thane cst trains?  (sent from Turbhe Stn.)

trains between thane cst running? (sent from Juinagar)

whether Sion to csmt is working? (sent from Parel Stn.)

any water logging issue ??? (sent from Shahad)

shahd to cst any train? (sent from Shahad)

what is status on train (sent from Dadar)

are trains working? (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)

cst- kasara ? (sent from Juinagar)

hi this pratik from Khopoli . where are you now. (sent from Bandra)

?? (sent from Titwala Stn.)

really ?? (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)

what's the scenario for ulhasnagar to dadar?  (sent from Shahad)

are Dadar to Kalyan train running on time? (sent from Mira Road Stn.)

where is kasara local right now?

what is the status of goregaon csmt

What is today timing of megablock in central line (sent from Vithalwadi)

Ulhasnagar Karjat??? (sent from Neral Stn.)

what's the status of Kurla?

haha...koi stn p h kya ambernth?

what update for trains from karjat ? (sent from Karjat)

are trains on time?? (sent from Mulund)

train status?

coz Kalyan semi fast stuck at kalva which leaves B4 badlapur (sent from Kalva Stn.)

ek request. everybody posts questions when required. but jab station aa jaate Hain, no one wants to answer questions or post updates. please post useful messages when it rains so that this m.indicator platform becomes fruitful. (sent from Vikhroli)

are the trains on time?

where is Karjat station reached?

what about trains to a (sent from Kings Circle Stn.)

are train running from Mumbra to vikhroli??

is this also the mega block from dadar to knjur marg

what is the status of dadar to thane trains (sent from Bandra)

what is the status of 8:56 karjat (sent from Kalva)

Technical krishna how do u get to know train status? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

What about Khopoli 🚆? on time or late? (sent from Badlapur Stn.)

Are trains running fine ?  (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

anyone from dadar to kalyan? is train are available  (sent from Andheri Stn.)

badlapur tak train ja rhi hai kya?? (sent from Vidyavihar)

Good morning,is there train from kalyan to cst? (sent from Thakurli Stn.)

hey guy's train working properly or not

kurla to dadar status? (sent from Kalamboli)

is it raining in mumbai? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

wat abt train from parel to Thane??? (sent from Elphinstone Road Stn.)

what about kalyan to csmt..is training running  (sent from Ambivli Stn.)

diva jn se turbhe ke liye train kitne baje ki h..??  

Kurla CST is running ??? (sent from Vashi)

is train on right time?  (sent from Dativali Stn.)

what's the train status from badlapur 

what happen about badlapur to cst fast train (sent from Vithalwadi Stn.)

what is the reason?? (sent from Vikhroli)

what happened? (sent from Vidyavihar)

ambernath to ghatkopar all clear?

are woh Thane station k stairs wala waterfall chalu hai kya? (sent from Ghansoli)

is the central line working from Badlapur to Thane (sent from Badlapur)

mulund toh kalyn ka update batao?

What is the status from CSMT to Thane? 

trains in central line are running or no? (sent from Chunabhatti)

when trains will stop?😂 (sent from Rabale Stn.)

how long will it take to reach at kurla from dadar (sent from Andheri)

is khopoli fast train halt @ neral ? (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)

update on trains from Ulhasnagar?? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

why trains are running slow  (sent from Nahur Stn.)

kurla ??

is train started from karjat towards mumbai dadar???

Dadar to thane working? (sent from Parel)

how is the frequency of train from mulund to ghatkopar??? are the train late today??? (sent from Mulund Stn.)

what's the best way to travel from Vikhroli to CST (sent from Vikhroli)

hell of delay, no announcements on Dadar station when i boarded 7.32 slow kalyan. still at Mulund station (sent from Mulund Stn.)

Badlapur slow train which was supposed to reach Thane at 8.50. came around 9.25. half hour late. and took more than 40 minutes to reach Dombivli. reached Dombivli around 10. Too much crowd. It halted between Kalwa and Mumbra for more than 10 minutes.  (sent from Thakurli Stn.)

what is app for online local central railway ticket booking

situation at kurla?

train condition at central??

what about kasara to kalyan (sent from Mulund Stn.)

heavy rainfall in kalyan too. any issue of waterlogging? (sent from Kalyan)

shahad to cst trains chalu Hain Kya?? Pls update.. (sent from Thane Stn.)

Trans are Running on Time?

 heyy how are you guys (sent from Kings Circle Stn.)

what about trains from karjat (sent from Neral Stn.)

what's the problem? (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)

is 5.30 train from Dadar to Thane on time ? (sent from Elphinstone Road)

Guys trust reply from who use hashmark as #intrain or #onplatform ....  (sent from Kalyan)

Train from Kalyan to Thane ? (sent from Vithalwadi)

train status ?  (sent from Elphinstone Road)

all ok in Thane ?

what's a problem between ghatkopar &dadar

Carmen to Dombivli train chalu hain kya? (sent from Charni Road Stn.)

where is cst to kasara train  (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

cstm se kyn ki tren chalu hai ki band hai ?

are trains running normally from cst to kasara? 

what abt thane to domb?? (sent from Thane Stn.)

trains towards ambernaty running from kalyan?

what is time or khopoli train now (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)

what is the status of train towards MUMBRA. 

what abt slow trains  (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

byculla to Vikhroli ???? (sent from Mahalakshmi)

trains are running?? (sent from Airoli)

are central train how many hours late (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)

where is 7:15 cst from Kalyan train right ow (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

what is the central railways shedual from kalyan to csmt

anyone in latur express ?

any trains from Kurla to Dadar ? (sent from Thakurli Stn.)

trains r running on time ??? (sent from Kopar)

what is the status of from ambernath to cst (sent from Ambernath)

is it safe to travel from kanjur to Andheri today? (sent from Kanjur Marg)

what is the status  from usn (sent from Koparkhairne)

is any issues ??? to Central line (sent from Kalva Stn.)

nahur to kurla? (sent from Nahur Stn.)

what about KALWA to ASANGOAN?????????? (sent from Kalva)

trains chalu hey?

train status at Mulund station?

train running late or regular?

what is the status of 9.42 titwala fast (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

where is karjat fast trn..  (sent from Thane Stn.)

trains running from Mumbra? 

status of thane dadar????

? (sent from Gtb Nagar)

No announcement in local. Is it really because of crossing?  (sent from Kalva Stn.)

how are trains from kurla vidya vihar and ghatkopar?  (sent from Vidyavihar)

Can anyone tell what is the problem exactly? (sent from Nahur)

Kalyan asangoan train chaluu ahet ka? (sent from Kalyan)

thane to kasara on he???? (sent from Taloja)

trains are running on time from shahad to CST?  plzzz reply (sent from Shahad)

dombivli to ghatkopar trains chalu aahet ka ?

kopar se Thane ka trein time thick he kya? (sent from Vasai Road Stn.)

anyone?????? (sent from Mulund Stn.)

khopoli to Cst train is running or not  ?? (sent from Khopoli Stn.)

where (sent from Lower Parel)

shahad to cst?

waht abt rush?  (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)

what is the position of trains at ulhasnagar (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

whats the centrail railway situation? need to travel from thane to Dombivli  (sent from Kopar Stn.)

is there anyone who catched 2.08 from dadar where did it reached now (sent from Shahad Stn.)

what is the status of train towards Ambernath/BL ? (sent from Goregaon)

thane to dom??

trains are dancing between vidya bihar and sion station  that is why it's late by 20 mins  (sent from Byculla Stn.)

Thane to Badlapur tren chaloo aahe Ka? (sent from Thane)

is central trains working normally or delayed?  (sent from Badlapur)

what (sent from Gtb Nagar Stn.)

kasara train chalu hai?? (sent from Mumbra)

anyone plz let me know why trains are late . I am not getting any proper reason.😐😐 (sent from Badlapur)

kasara train ka koi update h kya ? (sent from Thane Stn.)

kyu ? (sent from Dadar Stn.)

koi kasara local hai kya abhi .???

is all trains are on time to ulhasngar to Kalyan  (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

really?

what is the status of train from Ghatkopar

what about ghatkopar trains (sent from Kurla Stn.)

are trains running at Dadar n matunga? (sent from Vasind Stn.)

train. band nahi Hui na .... slowly slowly chalu he Kya???

byculla to sion chalu he train ki delay chal raha he.? (sent from Byculla)

Thane to kalyan train is there or not? 

kanjur to Thane are the trains running? (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)

what is the status of thane

Central railway local trains running on time ?

what is the status of train from Dombivili ?????? (sent from Dombivli)

train status from thane?

1.38 ka Dom to cstm fast  chuta kya? 

are train running from Dombivli to Vikhtoli? (sent from Dombivli)

what is the status from matunga to ulhasnagar slow trains

dadar to CSMT?? (sent from Dadar Stn.)

is the train running on time? 

down side trains on time? 

from vidyavihar to mulund ?? (sent from Vidyavihar Stn.)

are trains on time? (sent from Nahur)

are the trains working on time in the central side? (sent from Virar Stn.)

is the panvel diva train cancelled today as well 

कुर्ला ते छत्रपती शिवाजी महाराज टर्मिनस रेल्वे सेवा चालु आहे का? (sent from Khandeshwar)

are down trains working from CST to Dombivli? (sent from Mumbai Central)

train in time? (sent from Dombivli)

badlapur to cst are running? (sent from Badlapur Stn.)

from thane to KURLA what is the status? (sent from Thane)

?? (sent from Gtb Nagar Stn.)

Is trains  running on Time ?  Kitna Dilay hain Kalyan to CST ? (sent from Dombivli)

is train working? 

what status from kasara? (sent from Dombivli)

Karjat to Kalyan trains time period hai Kya Mail/Exp? I am travelling by Sahyadri express

is starter 6:48 badlapur train arrived at thane?

karjat any train going? (sent from Thakurli)

thane to vashi chalu he ? (sent from Mulund Stn.)

any water logging between Thane to Kalyan? (sent from Badlapur)

lekin agar mai luggage ticket nikaalu, to karr sakta hoon kya?

is the central line train available from kalwa stn to Kalyan 

why people r asking same question ? due to technical problem train stuck at curry road and parel (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

Avery day and time trian issues, when all isuess (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

what are the timings for the megablock tomorrow

train from thane to cst working ? (sent from Mulund)

trains running kya?

Dadar to kasara? Trains are not working?? (sent from Virar Stn.)

ट्रेन लेट बाबत काही अपडेट??

Hello....Status of Central Railway ? (sent from Santa Cruz Stn.)

what's the status of trans harbor from thane towards panvel 

are slow trains running fine between Mulund and Thane? (sent from Mulund)

what is the status of Karjat side ? (sent from Kandivali)

trains runnin on time ? (sent from Dombivli)

is train on time??? (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)

kurla? (sent from Bandra)

train for Thane to dadar are running or not?? (sent from Rabale)

are the trains working from dadar to Ambernath?

where is train ?? Thane --Badlapur slow at 9.32 pm from thane (sent from Thane Stn.)

train chalu hai kya??  (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

badlapur to dombivli r working or not?? (sent from Badlapur Stn.)

is there issue between nahur and mulund slow track train (sent from Nahur)

Badlapur fast train? (sent from Bhandup Stn.)

are trains in time? (sent from Thane)

which train arrive at Dadar St n (sent from Elphinstone Road Stn.)

trains on time? (sent from Kalva Stn.)

R the central line trains running on time? (sent from Dadar Stn.)

dombivli to badlapur ???? (sent from Thakurli)

What is the status of CST to Karjat local...? (sent from Thane)

what is the status of trains from Ulhasnagar to cst? (sent from Shahad)

Is the train wotking towards panvel (sent from Chembur Stn.)

what's train status  (sent from Elphinstone Road Stn.)

what's the situation at thane  (sent from Dombivli)

trains r on time?? (sent from Kopar Stn.)

thabe platform no. 4 pe regular trains h kya????? please update (sent from Rabale Stn.)

?

are there thane trains from dadar? (sent from Santa Cruz Stn.)

why late 🙁 (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

thane to badlapur train right time pe he kya?

?? (sent from Rabale)

what is status from Ambernath to mumbai (sent from Ambernath)

ritesh u r talking abt karjat?

where is khopoli local (sent from Ambernath Stn.)

pls. status from kasara to kalyan? 

what's the status of trains from Thane to csmt?

cst to Kalyan any issue? (sent from Vithalwadi)

hi trains r running from Thane to kakyan ? (sent from Kopar)

Kalyan to thane trains aahet ka...? (sent from Thakurli)

where is the karjat train 

vasai to cstm chalu hai kya?? (sent from Vasai Road)

guys I have made what's app group for train live update ...if any wants to join please message 7718050505 (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

is center line cleared? 

kalyan to kasara ? (sent from Kalyan)

which channel (sent from Badlapur)

6:53 ka Ambarnath, CST se nikla? (sent from Dadar Stn.)

are locals late ? (sent from Vikhroli)

is there any problem at vashind? (sent from Thakurli Stn.)

Are trains on time ? (sent from Bhandup Stn.)

7.56 ambrnath dadar la ali ka? (sent from Khar Road Stn.)

what about 15 cars fast local for kalyan where it is? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

mulundu me barish he:? (sent from Dahisar)

are trains on time ? (sent from Kopar Stn.)

karjat trains are working fine or not...?????

where is malad local (sent from Malad Stn.)

kulra me pani bhara he kya?? (sent from Kalva)

is there water logging @ sion

are trains running to sion?  (sent from Goregaon)

what about vithalwadi ? (sent from Vithalwadi)

Is there mega block on Central between Thane & Dadar?  (sent from Rabale)

what's a problem Dombivali slow local (sent from Bhandup Stn.)

karjat train?  (sent from Kalyan)

??? (sent from Nahur Stn.)

Kalyan to Kasara what is the position today? (sent from Kalyan)

where is cst fast train? 6.43 from kalyan? (sent from Kalva Stn.)

CSMT TO Kasara local suru aahe ka ??

yeah plz tell?

what is the status of ghatkopr to kalyan

what is the status in vithalwadi (sent from Cst Stn.)

who told you? (sent from Andheri)

what is the problem between thane to kalawa (sent from Kalva Stn.)

is there raining in sion and matunga ? (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)

CST to kurla running? (sent from Churchgate Stn.)

what is the status of Kurla to CST  (sent from Tilak Nagar)

what is the case from Badlapur to cst

Badlapur train status? (sent from Badlapur)

why 8.11 train goes vary slow

is there waterlogging in sion

update about central lines plz?

what's the status of train  (sent from Mulund)

Ghatkopar to kalyan are trains working?

any updates from dombivli ?

Thane to dombivli train chalu hai kya? (sent from Juinagar)

how r trains running  (sent from Cst Stn.)

chalu hai, risk hai, mat lo!!! (sent from Neral Stn.)

Ghatkopar to Badlapur Any Update?

from. where (sent from Mumbai Central Stn.)

Are trains working from dombivli to cst?? (sent from Dombivli)

local are working? (sent from Ghatkopar)

is there Dadar local available now ..? (sent from Nahur)

what's the status of trains towards Badlapur from kurla (sent from Tilak Nagar)

DOMBIVALI to cst? (sent from Dombivli)

any updates of Tiwala -  cst where is it stuck (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)

is there train are running between diva to vasai?

any news on central line?? are trains running fine?? (sent from Cst)

dombivli to cst chalu hai kya? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

Why so many trains are getting cancelled? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

what about thane to kalyan

dumbo check where r u posting

are trains late on central line toward Kalyan ? (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)

towards CST for towards karjat (sent from Thakurli Stn.)

Stop asking Questions, post only information which you have. This only will help all people!  (sent from Vidyavihar Stn.)

what is the status of train 

train is running or not from asangaon to  kalyan ???? (sent from Kalyan)

what about from mumbra to kalyan (sent from Mumbra Stn.)

? 

train to titwala  on time ???

is train running from Badlapur towards Thane? (sent from Thane)

are trains running from dadar to thane? (sent from Kandivali Stn.)

is there any train delay. (sent from Vithalwadi)

frndz where is 3.27 train n also 4.11 train (sent from Karjat Stn.)

central line working or not? (sent from Churchgate)

badlapur train calu h?  (sent from Badlapur)

is this khopoli trains are running.? (sent from Lowjee)

Thane se Kurla train chalu hai Kya..??

is thane to kasara trains are running? (sent from Thane Stn.)

anyone traveling from Badlapur....can use please update train situation? (sent from Badlapur)

gulab train chalu aahet ka ?

Is there any train running from mulund vikhroli to cst  (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

hows the rain in thane..? (sent from Belapur Cbd Stn.)

What is update of central line in mumbai (sent from Shahad)

what about byculla stn  (sent from Chinchpokli Stn.)

dadar-thane status?

what about kanjur to CST train  (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)

Karjat cat status??  (sent from Neral Stn.)

are all trains working frOKm kalyan station? (sent from Kalyan)

status of Sion station..?? (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)

train number 12154 isn't moving since two hours and is near titwala station. what is the status?  (sent from Titwala)

train ka kya hal hai ?

trains has been started or not towards thane ??? I'm in Sandhurst road

kalyan local halt between nahur n mulund. kua hua hai ?? (sent from Nahur Stn.)

What about trains from Dadar towards Thane? Is there any issue?  (sent from Kandivali Stn.)

khopoli to thane fast trains time on evening ??

how are trains running towards CST? (sent from Dombivli)

train position between vidhyavihar to mulund? in time a late? (sent from Mulund Stn.)

dadar to cst train running????? (sent from Jogeshwari)

what about sion to Ghatkopar (sent from Gtb Nagar Stn.)

guys plsss update if anyone is traveling that trains are running or not..? (sent from Nerul Stn.)

u're at central line chat (sent from Mumbra)

what's status of central railway s (sent from Bhiwandi Road)

dombivli to cst chalu hai kya?

train pe effect hone wale he kya? 

heavy rains in Dombivali,what is the train status (sent from Dombivli)

is trains r late for thane n frm thane to ghatkopar??  pls as fast as late me kno  (sent from Airoli Stn.)

thane to kalyan train chalu ahet ka ? 

bhandup cst??  chalu hai please rply  (sent from Bhandup)

train on proper time ?? (sent from Dombivli)

उद्या मध्य रेल्वे सुरू असेल का?

Dadar to Ghatkopar chalu hai kya trains?? (sent from Kandivali)

Sandhurst to dadar??? working on time??? (sent from Dockyard Road Stn.)

is there anh megablock tomorrow??? on centr line

kunich status nahi pathwat aahat (sent from Titwala)

what is the status of ambernath to kalyan.

are trains working properly frm mulund to cst? (sent from Mulund)

ulhasngr to thane??? (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)

why trains are late in cental line (sent from Mira Road Stn.)

is there any problem ghatkopar to dadar

train is running from thane toward cst?

agar ghatkopar se koi bhi train pakdun, thane par utarne ko milega na?

are trains running between dombivali n ambernath??  (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

what is the stetas thane to cst

what is status of trqins

train position? (sent from Badlapur)

Kurla ? (sent from Tilak Nagar Stn.)

how to status dadar (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

trains are running?  (sent from Badlapur Stn.)

??? (sent from Matunga Road Stn.)

What happened to trains between Sion and dadar. There r no trains from last 20 mins (sent from Sion Stn.)

trains are running or not? 

where is 8.07 Badlapur at Kalyan (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

CST to thane? (sent from Churchgate Stn.)

So is there no trains from Kalyan to UlhasNagar? (sent from Thakurli Stn.)

u can see news maratha protest is published a self rule list . which says all things. (sent from Dombivli)

need to go to cst from Kalyan... how late r they running (sent from Kalyan)

what is the status of central line. does train is moving to cst?

what is the rain situation

whether train is running on time at sewri or there is block due to rain ?

So is there no trains from Kalyan to UlhasNagar? (sent from Thakurli Stn.)

Thane station pe vada paav garam hai kya!?!???

any update about Kurla station?

Mulund platform no. 3 Pe TC khada hai ky..?  (sent from Mulund)

water logging kahi kami jhala ka Sion aani Matunga chya other? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

Good morning everyone what position train (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

what is the status of Ambernath-Diva fast train (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)

kasara train.....?

metro chalu hai???? (sent from Masjid Stn.)

what about train status regard kasara line due to heavy rainfall (sent from Asangaon)

are train running on time from dadar to Kalyan?? (sent from Dadar Stn.)

train are on running from kalwa ??? (sent from Shahad)

is there anyone at Mumbra Station..what is the current situation..

train r running smoothly ? (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)

trains aion se aage chaalu hai kya? (sent from Mulund)

hello are trains on time?? (sent from Thakurli)

dadar to cst train on time or not

any delays on Thane to ulhas nagar route?

what is the trains status from karjat (sent from Karjat Stn.)

any train from amb to dadar? (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)

Kurla ke liye train chalu hai kya ? (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

Trains are comming towards mumbra? (sent from Kalva)

any update from badlapur station? trains are working or not? (sent from Badlapur Stn.)

what about vikroli to Thane ? (sent from Vikhroli)

where r 7.40 asangaon from kalyan (sent from Shahad)

 centerl railway how is time to Deley?

chinchpokli to thane? (sent from Chinchpokli Stn.)

Problem has solved? what is the status ? (sent from Belapur Cbd Stn.)

where is 6.39 badlapur from CST? (sent from Dadar Stn.)

what is status of central line (sent from Mahim Jn Stn.)

means vidhyavihar se aage nhi ja rhi ek bhi train? (sent from Mulund)

central me kya problem hai ? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

badlapur to dadar train chalu hai kya??? 

kalyan to thane are ok ???? (sent from Thakurli Stn.)

pl tell what's the position of khopoli down side 8.37 @ Ulhasnagar local ? (sent from Ambernath)

 Kalyan train chalu hai ky? 

trains are running. ? (sent from Grant Road Stn.)

why

kurla se cst train r moving? (sent from Kalyan)

dombivli se train hai ky?? (sent from Vidyavihar Stn.)

private company ? to set up one more ambani and adaani? (sent from Thakurli Stn.)

is trains are running on time from ambernath to Thane?? (sent from Vithalwadi)

Ila adigithe ela Tirupati. Nuvvu station reach ayyava??

any idea about trains from kalyan to pune?

sunday mujhe neral jana hai.pls dadar se neral ke train ka timing bataye??

where is khopoli train

hi...any delays or problems on central line today? (sent from Karjat Stn.)

Anyone please? its urgent (sent from Govandi)

kitni deri se chal rahi hai trains? (sent from Gtb Nagar)

shahad to thane status??? (sent from Shahad)

kasara janeme koi problem to nahi he na...???

are trains running from ulhasnagar to Dadar?? (sent from Shahad)

dadar to kalyan chalu h ??? (sent from Mahim Jn)

kurla to diva train running,??? (sent from Tilak Nagar)

how do you know this being at Airoli? (sent from Thakurli Stn.)

train status from titwala? 

Are trains on time today from badlapur to cst? 

where is badlapur Thane train  (sent from Mumbra Stn.)

what is the status of trains running from cst to Thane  (sent from Lower Parel)

what was the announcement about matunga ..parel?? (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)

Dombivli to thane train chalu aahe kay? (sent from Thakurli Stn.)

is there any issues with centre up side (sent from Thane Stn.)

where's the Badlapur fast train?

what about thane to ambernath.. (sent from Kalva)

what abouy near kurla (sent from Kopar Stn.)

train on time??  (sent from Thane Stn.)

tasgaonkar college chalu hai Kya? (sent from Dombivli)

Badlapur to thane?  (sent from Badlapur Stn.)

any idea about dive to Thane? (sent from Bhiwandi Road)

is there anyone in amberth stn

please say true information are trains running late or complete closes?????

status of khopoli train.?

harshal parab - fir ST's busses kisi aur ne jalay kya on tuesday ? they destroyed govt properties (sent from Dombivli)

are train running from thane to cstm? (sent from Kalva Stn.)

what about Kurla Sion train status  (sent from Khandeshwar)

kalyan to tiwala train running??? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

metro trains running?? (sent from Ghansoli Stn.)

whats the status of cst to dombivli trains? (sent from Thakurli)

fast train status plz ? (sent from Thane Stn.)

are trains running from dadar to kurla ? (sent from Khandeshwar)

Any delays so far due to rains?  (sent from Bhandup Stn.)

from CST to Thane?? (sent from Kalva Stn.)

kalyan to thane train chalu ahet ka...??? (sent from Shahad Stn.)

which station? (sent from Dombivli)

go in western line chat

what position of central railway (sent from Nahur)

Thane to dombivli working? (sent from Nerul Stn.)

where are a bdlapur train  (sent from Dadar Stn.)

karjat? (sent from Karjat Stn.)

is any train reaching Kalyan now? (sent from Kalyan)

baarish ho rahi hai kya? (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)

are trains running from csmt to thane kalyan??

ghatkopr to parel status???? (sent from Ghatkopar)

any problem?  trains delayed 

thane to cst train are there ? (sent from Thane)

Thane to Kalyan local chalu ahet ka? late ahet ka?

what About Thane Dadar ??

why central line delay (sent from Badlapur)

central line???  (sent from Vikhroli)

by what time the trains are late (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)

what abt from kalyan to cst

what is the status from kalyan to thane?

thane me what happened (sent from Kopar)

is it raining ghatkopar onwards? (sent from Shahad)

where is the ladies special train ? From Kalwa (sent from Kalva)

trains are running? (sent from Dombivli)

what about CST to dombivli.? (sent from Kandivali)

what is the status of diva to Sion 

dadar to thane status? (sent from Virar)

are trains running today? ??? (sent from Nalla Sopara)

what's with the train status in Ghatkopar (sent from Ghatkopar)

water logging kahin hua hai kya central line pe? (sent from Kurla Stn.)

what's the status of train from mumbra

hi from ghatkopar to CST any update?

thana to sandurst road route clear hai?? dikaat nhi na 

hii central line ka kya status hai all trains are on time?? (sent from Tilak Nagar Stn.)

???? (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)

hi ... is 8:17 cst Thane train. left from CST ? (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)

why are we even chatting on this train updates, do we really think we get out in such rains, unless it's an emergency. please stay at home.   (sent from Kopar)

?  (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

how are trains running in central  (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)

pakka??? coz i want to go kurla from dombivli (sent from Thakurli)

what status of Thane to Ghatkopar

r trains on time? (sent from Cst Stn.)

why (sent from Vidyavihar Stn.)

how much time required  (sent from Mulund)

what's the status of Thane train or dadar train? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

ulhasnagar stn pe paani bhara hai kya?

where is the train (sent from Thane Stn.)

what is status if slow train from Kalyan to catch 5:21  (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

ulhas to cst? (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)

Is there water logging at Kalyan station?

what about kurla to thane train line they are running or not  (sent from Sion Stn.)

what's status of Kasara at Ghatkopar? Is on time?

thane to Kalyan? (sent from Airoli)

any reason why trains are running slow?

where is asangaon/kasara train now (sent from Kalyan)

what about cst to thane

what about train status (sent from kalyan) (sent from Kalyan)

where is 6:51 train n which time to reach at thane

any water logging in between Kurla and Sion?

which station train arrive.... (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)

train are running late or not ??? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

are the trains working ? (sent from Thakurli)

mulund to CST?

no trains starting from cst? (sent from Churchgate)

train is running from cst to dadar?

what's the train status from shahad to thane?? (sent from Shahad Stn.)

thane to Badlapur ka status kya h ? (sent from Vashi Stn.)

ambernath to thane trains are running ?

thane to cst? (sent from Thane)

Are the trains running from Karjat...?

why there is no announcement in train, they should do this so that ppl will not get panic. (sent from Mulund)

any overhead wire problem in kurla stn...????? (sent from Ambernath Stn.)

what's the condition of kurla station 

Thane stn se train chal rahi hai kya ? news mai train roki hai esa bol rahi hai. (sent from Kalva)

ulhasnagar to Dadar chalu hai Train it's? (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)

what is the status of central line

is kurla to kAlyan trains are running??

Any water logging and how much is the delay? (sent from Sandhurst Road Stn.)

are trains SLOW  from VIDYAVIHAR TO CST fine ? (sent from Vidyavihar)

train on time hai kya ?

cst to Kalyan train chalu hai Kya? (sent from Churchgate Stn.)

what about Ghatkopar to Kurla?  (sent from Vidyavihar Stn.)

from Ghatkopar to Dadar tarin is working !? (sent from Vidyavihar Stn.)

how the train is runing (sent from Gtb Nagar Stn.)

dadar to kanjurmarg can I get train at around 4am ?  (sent from Karjat Stn.)

is there water logged anywhere??? (sent from Shahad)

kasara line status?  (sent from Ambernath)

is there water logging in soin and Matunga?  (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

 is water logging in Sion affected train schedule? (sent from Mulund)

i have to go lonavala from kalyan junction,which train is available?? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

Kasara train????

what is train position on ulhasnagar railway station

badlapur ke liye train he kya?

what abt fast train (sent from Kurla)

what about vasai diva memo (sent from Kalva)

how true is this???  (sent from Mulund)

tu stion p AA gyi Kya?? (sent from Boisar Stn.)

what's the status of trains

is trains running on time from matunga to vikroli ?  (sent from Kings Circle Stn.)

neral how to go (sent from Kurla)

thane to vidyavihar running prprly??? (sent from Koparkhairne)

vidyavihar ka kya haal hai for train towards thane???? (sent from Vidyavihar)

dombivli to ambernath train sts ?

 asngn to csmt? are they on time??

dadar to Kalyan train chalu ahe ka?

status thane to CST?

class la ka nahi aalas? (sent from Thane)

where is Badlapur-Dadar local?  (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)

local train on time ya not ?

any train reached at thakurli ? (sent from Thakurli Stn.)

thane to badlapur is on time or not? (sent from Airoli)

Woh bahar itni baarish ho toh office jaana zaroori hai kya?  (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

how to reach Panvel to Neral. 

train towards ambernath working fine ?????

how r d trains working between ambarnath and thane (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)

why trains are not going to titwala from kalyan? (sent from Titwala)

kasara train to CST chalu hai?

what is the status of trains now (sent from Mahalakshmi)

why Sinhgad and Pragati exp cancelled?? (sent from Thane Stn.)

what is status of Kalyan to Kasara Train

any issue of train?? 

i am at ghatkopr. there is an indicator for dadar train.. any cst train is coming after dadar train? (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

yes seriously,Everytime I open the chat only thing I see is the question it's difficult to dins the actual status,which very few ppl r posting,so it's kind request to all please post only updates

central line is workinh??  (sent from Gtb Nagar)

What's  the Status of trains  between Dadar and Kalyan ?? (sent from Jogeshwari Stn.)

what is the trains status are trains fine from Vithalwadi to Ghatkopar  (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

Is central trains are running on time?

trns r late? (sent from Vithalwadi)

trains chalu hai kya? (sent from Kalyan)

is there any problem on Central railway for cst trains ?? (sent from Thane Stn.)

what about for Dombivali to thane???

is asangaon trains running???

what abt vikhroli to dombivli (sent from Juinagar Stn.)

Parel to thane !? any update  (sent from Elphinstone Road Stn.)

koi toh batao dombivli se cst train chal rahi h..??? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

what is update on central line from Thane to mumbra

सेंट्रल लाइन ठीक से चल रही है क्या ?

what's the status in titwala (sent from Titwala Stn.)

what happened in chichpoli  (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

What is status of local train from Kalyan? (sent from Ambernath)

thane train ?? (sent from Sion Stn.)

thane to kurla working..?? (sent from Nerul Stn.)

what about trains at vidyavihar?? (sent from Vidyavihar Stn.)

where is 9:50 train from shahad??? (sent from Shahad Stn.)

khopoli? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

why trains r late on ambernath route? (sent from Vithalwadi Stn.)

krula varun kalyan jayla train chalu aahet ka? (sent from Mankhurd Stn.)

towards asangaon? 

are trains running from badlapur? (sent from Ambernath)

what happened in kalyan

wat about kasara to csmt? (sent from Asangaon Stn.)

every one ask only ?  (sent from Thane)

where is ladies special (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

aasangaov fast from vikroli is on right time? (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)

local train is running on time? (sent from Titwala Stn.)

iss app m pf 1 dikha rha h...

what is train status  (sent from Shahad)

what is status of train from Dombivli to cst at 9.05 (sent from Airoli)

what about dombivli trains ? (sent from Dombivli)

the same what I wrote  (sent from Dadar Stn.)

Diva to cstm?  (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)

12:43 karjat kuthe pochli??? (sent from Andheri)

train chalu hai kya?  (sent from Panvel)

where is titwala  8.27 from thane (sent from Airoli)

what's train status today (sent from Thakurli)

what about slow line towards kalyan (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)

how late are trains are of central line

Ghatkopar to khapoli ??? (sent from Govandi)

Thane to CSMT?

titwala train...? (sent from Titwala Stn.)

hi friends, are trains running on time from ambernath to cst? 

krjat local status..? (sent from Shahad)

why  r u so negative (sent from Mankhurd)

hey is it raining heavily in Kurla? (sent from Nahur)

what abt fast trains towards kalyan? (sent from Airoli Stn.)

high tide alert ka time kya hai?

Thane 4:13 from Dadar

are trains working??  (sent from Titwala Stn.)

train Chalu hai kya?  (sent from Mulund)

is the ambernath train on time

6.37 cstm from ulhasnagar is on time or not? (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)

how is the train situation

asangoan train status anyone?  (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

badlapur  mai kya train late hai? karjat jana hai (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

Dombivali me train ayi kya ?  (sent from Thakurli Stn.)

what about Thane to CST train ?

anyone in karjat train.... when it will reach kalyan....???? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

are trains going from Kurla to curry road ?? (sent from Nerul Stn.)

ulhasnagar se dadar trains right time pe hai ya deri se chal rahi hai?

Hello all, It is my humble request to you, Do nt ask for updates continuously. Very few People are giving the updates which is difficult to find. If you have any update, share that only. It would be useful to all if only updates are being posted here.  Thank you (sent from Vile Parle)

train for karjat? (sent from Vashi)

dombiwali dadar position? (sent from Jogeshwari)

is central down line working properly???

thane 2 badlapur ?

what the hell is this.... (sent from Mulund Stn.)

where ia karjat local??  (sent from Ambernath Stn.)

wher is the 6:46pm karjat-CST fast local??  (sent from Thane Stn.)

what ia status of Mahalaxmi exp kalyan to kolhapur

Karjat khopoli train chalu ahe ka? (sent from Khopoli)

madanpura? (sent from Malad)

titwala to kalyan train chalu hai kya ? (sent from Titwala Stn.)

there is no train in slow line from kalyan to thane due to heavy rainfall and hardly there are trains Which are running but taking a lot of time and place to place long halt in between of stations. (sent from Mulund)

is train  running from cst to kalyan ? (sent from Kalyan)

no announcement has been done in train, please tell should we step out from train and start walking towards station??? (sent from Nahur Stn.)

train chalu aahet Ka? (sent from Bhandup)

what the situation in central line (sent from Dadar Stn.)

are Central train running on time ? (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)

what is the status of 8:10 khopoli train from thane (sent from Airoli Stn.)

somebody please tell me where is the last local train of karjat has been reached (sent from Gtb Nagar Stn.)

slight? (sent from Ambernath Stn.)

why? 

is kasara train on time from thane? (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)

where is karjat train (sent from Neral)

what is train status bwn badlapur to csmt

kurla to thane train chalu h kya? (sent from Airoli Stn.)

pls conferm todays megablock? (sent from Kalyan)

is all good between ambarnath to cst ?? (sent from Ambernath)

hi trains started ? (sent from Thakurli)

what the situation

is it suppos to reach Vikhroli by 4.19? (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)

train delay reason ???? (sent from Nahur)

Thane to cst?? (sent from Thane)

csmt line working?

whether cst to thane train running?  (sent from Matunga Stn.)

thane to diva?

Ghatkopar to ambernath trains are working?  (sent from Andheri)

are trains running??????  (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

what is status at kalyan stn  (sent from Kalyan)

train from thane to cst ..chalu h? (sent from Ghansoli Stn.)

is central line is working?? (sent from Mulund)

how much time in train (sent from Dombivli)

where has badlapur fast reached  (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

what's the status of train from mumbra to CST 

trains chalu hai ki band hai?? (sent from Shahad)

thane to डोंबिवली running or not..?  (sent from Diva Jn)

is train working from Thane towards Kalyan!?

staus of CST thane slow train? (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)

what is the train status from Shahad to cst?  (sent from Shahad)

what is the status of local train in central (sent from Ambernath)

diva vasai train 11.30 availabe??? (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)

tomorrow is there a megablock?  (sent from Mira Road)

what's the actual time for badlapur fast train (sent from Kurla Stn.)

Dadar to thane train is available?  (sent from Mahim Jn)

 trains on time or not ? frm ghatkopar

central line?? (sent from Bandra)

where is 9:59 csmt fast local at ulhasanagar (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)

badlapur station what is status please update

what ABT Dadar r train running properly  (sent from Parel)

is trains running on time from kurla .. is there any issues or delay?  (sent from Chunabhatti)

what is position at Thane  (sent from Ghatkopar)

what's the train status?

what about train status from cst to thane (sent from Kurla Stn.)

where is the asangaon slow 8:43

8:50 CST KALYAn sutli ka? (sent from Byculla Stn.)

where is 7:40 ambernath fast from dadar (sent from Dadar Stn.)

are down trains and express trains on Time? (sent from Ambernath Stn.)

Thane - Panvel local running or not

what is status of train in badlapur (sent from Badlapur)

is train that starts from ghatkopar at 9 16 on time ? (sent from Vidyavihar Stn.)

 train working?? (sent from Chunabhatti)

why train is late (sent from Kopar Stn.)

any effect of Maharashtra bandh?  (sent from Kalyan)

central line train are running on time or not

has train left ghatkopar? (sent from Kurla Stn.)

dadar to dombivli no probs hi na ?  (sent from Chinchpokli Stn.)

what is the current statusbof kalyan local train 

hi friends what about central relways (sent from Churchgate)

central line any issues? (sent from Sion Stn.)

trains r on time. 6:46 Kalyan from dadar left on time? (sent from Dadar Stn.)

nasik ke liye express chalu hai kya????  (sent from Mira Road)

what is the status at Sion (sent from Lower Parel)

are trains running late ? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

is anyone at ghatkoper station?  (sent from Vidyavihar)

mulund to dadar ??? (sent from Nahur Stn.)

train chalu hai kya central ke? (sent from Bhandup)

dombvali to ambarnath trains chalu aahet ka?

any status about Karjat Train? (sent from Thane Stn.)

Central line status any delay?

how to reach Khopoli around 10:00 - 10:30 am from Ghatkopar station??

what about kalyan to cst

Karjat to CST?

Dadar status please?? (sent from Dadar)

 status CST ?  (sent from Churchgate)

bhandup to karjat train chalu h.?  (sent from Badlapur)

is train are working from mumbra to dadar n in westen..?  (sent from Mumbra)

are the local trains from kyn station running on time. what is the status of water logging Sion station (sent from Kalyan)

trains are running from dombivali to badlapur or karjat? (sent from Dombivli)

ambarnath to kurla??

5.53 karjat csmt is late ? 

any idea why? (sent from Sion Stn.)

kalyan to thane?? (sent from Kalyan)

Cst to Thane any update? are the trains running? 

what is the status of thane to dombivali

are trains running between Thane - Mulund?

how are trains from dadar to kalyan (sent from Bandra)

what is status in thane

 What happened to train towards thane I'm stuck at vikhroli stn fm 30mits (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)

dombivli madhe trins ahet ka ?? any status (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

virar to church gate any update?

thane to ambernath?

what is the current status (sent from Shahad)

is there trian from khopoli to neral (sent from Lowjee)

खरच की सहज काहीतरी. ? (sent from Nahur)

is kurla to kAlyan trains are running??

borivali to chembur ...?  (sent from Elphinstone Road Stn.)

karjat wala aahe ka koni sanga patkan ?? (sent from Neral Stn.)

Thane se Vashi kuch prblm? (sent from Mulund Stn.)

tell me about kalyan to CST are on time? (sent from Kalyan)

are trains stopped at thane? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

mumbra to cst chalu hai kya? (sent from Mumbra)

thane se down side chalraha hai proper?

train is running or not.. please inform anyone who know this.

thana cst chalu hai kya???  (sent from Koparkhairne)

what's the status of the train at camt  (sent from Cst Stn.)

आज मेगाब्लॉक आहे का ?? (sent from Dombivli)

has 9:8 ambernath left on time from thane? (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)

ladies SPL ? (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)

Is train Running Today?? From Kalyan to CST?? (sent from Shahad)

but what (sent from Kalva Stn.)

dombivali to cst trains r working ?? (sent from Kopar)

thane to cst ok hai Kya? (sent from Thane)

central chalu ahe naa? (sent from Grant Road)

any problem in kalyan bcox of train derailment ? (sent from Panvel)

but trains are working? (sent from Cst)

what about to Thane to kurla (sent from Thane Stn.)

where is cstm slow train (sent from Kurla Stn.)

cst to thane working Kya???  (sent from Marine Lines Stn.)

badlapur to CST on time? (sent from Badlapur)

what about train from ambernath to cst (sent from Ambernath)

 (sent from Dadar Stn.)

Han ho gaya  (sent from Badlapur)

dadar to asangaon train ka kya status hai?? (sent from Parel)

karjat cst train kuthe ahe which is 9.07 from ambernath (sent from Ambernath Stn.)

what about nerul to thane? (sent from Nerul)

Wht about mulund to kalyan trains? are the functioning?  (sent from Thakurli)

hi what is the train status now (sent from Bhandup)

what us the status for kalyan to thane ?

any idea about situation from Byculla to Kurla?? (sent from Mumbai Central Stn.)

Kurla ? (sent from Chembur Stn.)

what is status Dadar Badlapur train (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

any update how much late d trains are (sent from Rabale)

which channel? 

what is the current situation at Mumbra 

? 

trains are on time today or not 

mulund kurla?

titwala to Dombivli?? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

any update on central line ? (sent from Lower Parel)

it was 6:12 Karjat slow, which left dombiwali (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

status of kasara trains from kalyan?

Kanjurmarg to dombivli status?  (sent from Kopar Stn.)

source?

what is the status of trains from dadar to thane ?  (sent from Nalla Sopara Stn.)

is this news is real  (sent from Badlapur)

where is karjat train now (sent from Vashi Stn.)

8:45 is late or on time?? (sent from Shahad)

what is status of kashi express down 15017 on 23 july 2018 (sent from Bhayander)

are trains going till kalyan? (sent from Sion Stn.)

senteral line running? (sent from Santa Cruz Stn.)

how are the trains running from Kanjurmarg to CST? Can someone plz inform? (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)

where is 4.13 karjat local from kurla (sent from Kurla Stn.)

thane to kalyan train?  (sent from Mumbra)

what is the status of trains going towards Badlapur? (sent from Lower Parel)

what is the status of 3.5 local from thkurli... (sent from Thakurli Stn.)

are trains running from Dadar? (sent from Dadar Stn.)

kurla to thane trains are running on time??

what about kalyan station ??

7.47 AMBARNATH slow from thane what's the status?  (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

what about 8.43 asangaon?? Kahan hai abhi? (sent from Thane Stn.)

what about Thane to Kalyan?

cst train working fine??

asangaom se kalyan trains aa rahe h? (sent from Titwala Stn.)

all trains r on time or not? (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)

what's  the problem ,train is stuck between nahur & mulund for 25 min (sent from Nahur Stn.)

Are the trains from badlapur to CST working....? (sent from Badlapur)

what is train status at kurla  (sent from Kurla)

is there any problems today on central line...specifically after thane? (sent from Sanpada Stn.)

central line trains are running or not? (sent from Sandhurst Road)

what happened (sent from Kalva)

Csmt train chalu ha ky.?

7.51 karjat to cst local is on time? (sent from Dombivli)

train is running between cstm to kalyan?  (sent from Kanjur Marg)

problem kya hoga?  CR chutiyon se Bhari hai. kaunsa time pe chalta hai yeh (sent from Kurla)

any update on karjat train? (sent from Badlapur Stn.)

??? (sent from Airoli)

status of train from Kanjurmarg? (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)

where has the karjat-cst fast reached? (sent from Shahad Stn.)

kurla to Dadar train status? 

,लोकल वेळेवर आहे ? (sent from Thakurli)

what about Dombivli trains

kasara to cst are on tim?

halftone

is train running ???

what the controllers doing (sent from Byculla Stn.)

what is the status of fast train from Ghatkopar 

Sachin? (sent from Airoli)

Ghatkopar to Thane trains are working....? (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

to dadar trains are working ?? (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)

kalyan se trains chal rahe he? (sent from Kalyan)

thane to ghatkopar train working or not

what is the status of train from thane  (sent from Kalva)

thane to karjat trains chalu hai kya?  (sent from Airoli Stn.)

dadar se vidyavihar train chal raha h kya?

what status of thane to kalyan train (sent from Thane Stn.)

where is 3:54 karjat? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

 are the trains working on central line? (sent from Airoli)

yeah it left just ahead of another badlapur which was standing on right side at kalyan (sent from Vithalwadi Stn.)

current status plz ??  (sent from Mankhurd)

cst fast 1.14 at thane not yet arrived?? (sent from Thane Stn.)

are trains running????    late or on tym???? 

trains time pe hai kya ?

Sandhurst road to Thane local is running properly or not

are trains running from ghatkoper to badlapur???

what is the current status of harbour line??

are the trains on tym today??  (sent from Goregaon)

Train lines working??

what about csmt to kasara train?

what about Kalyan to Ghatkopar (sent from Titwala Stn.)

what about from CST to THANE trains status now (sent from Cst)

what is the status from mulund to cst ?

how much trains are late (sent from Thane)

what is the status of vidiyavihar to Kalyan train  (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)

what is status for Kurla to Kalyan? r train running (sent from Chunabhatti)

what about kasara train from kurla at 8.55 am? (sent from Asangaon Stn.)

where is badlapur fast of 7:14 (sent from Mulund Stn.)

any update for central line?? (sent from Chunabhatti)

why do problem (sent from Bhandup Stn.)

?

how to reach thane station from waghbhil

train running or not

what is the status of down trains towards badlapur?

asangaon to cst?

how's bhandup to kurla  (sent from Nahur)

can you please mention what is the gap between two Trains (sent from Mulund)

mulund station ka kya haal hai ???

are slow trains to ghatkopar on ? (sent from Sion Stn.)

where is manmad passanger (sent from Thane Stn.)

Vasai to Diva train are working or not?

yaar goregaon to cst status?

where is the train now? (sent from Ambernath Stn.)

thane to dadar train chlu he kay?  (sent from Thane)

private वाल्यांची अवस्था अशी आहे की स्मशाना समोरून गेलो तरी मुडदं उठून विचारत्यात, "काय पगार वाढला काय?" (sent from Gtb Nagar)

kural to thane trains are working ???? (sent from Nerul Stn.)

?

what about train status (sent from Thakurli Stn.)

trains from Thane to Kalyan are they on time ?  (sent from Mulund)

thane se train ka status kya hai?? (sent from Kalva)

what's the status of thane to Thakurli station

Any update for diva to cst trains?? (sent from Kanjur Marg)

aj train late ka ahet? (sent from Kopar Stn.)

from sion station, will I get a bus to navi mumbai?  (sent from Sandhurst Road Stn.)

are trains going through thane station  ? (sent from Mulund Stn.)

is der any problm on klyan kasar?  (sent from Churchgate Stn.)

which side?  are they working towards Thane?  (sent from Chembur Stn.)

kalyan to kurla is train working???

train status at vangni?...

what is status for thanne to kalyan (sent from Thane)

any news about trains?

ia there any water lodgement in kurla? (sent from Shahad Stn.)

tren let hai kya? (sent from Kalva Stn.)

trains are running at central line?? (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)

anybody from thane??? (sent from Badlapur)

do anyone know the exact problem?? (sent from Ghansoli)

are trains running normally?? 

andheri to churchgate what is the prb (sent from Churchgate)

ghatkopar to dombivali tarin chalu he kya?  (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

where is khopoli fast?? (sent from Mulund Stn.)

ghatkopar to Thane train is working or not 

where is 11.11 fast train now?? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

Thane to kalyan trains chalu hai kya ?

what status of central train

why trains are slow...i mean extremely slow what is the issue  (sent from Bhandup Stn.)

Is train delayed?? (sent from Mulund)

trains r running or wht badlapur to cst??  (sent from Badlapur)

what about from Ambernath to CSMT..??

Trains are late but running. Some are cancelled. I'm gonna catch the Thane local from Ghatkopar, which will be arriving in 6 min. (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

karjat to Kalyan local suru ahet ka????? (sent from Badlapur)

Titwala-dadar chalu hai? (sent from Titwala)

Bhai train kahaan pochee Abhi???? (sent from Badlapur Stn.)

are trains plying from dombivli till kanjur? (sent from Lower Parel)

central trains are ontime???

kurla to karjat?

is train running from badlapur!?? (sent from Badlapur Stn.)

i would request railway authority to give the notification on the app about train status it's very important after all the news which is given by railway authority are real and not the fake and it  help us to do the difference between rumours and real fact. (sent from Mumbra)

8.34 kalyan to cst location? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

what is the status of thane trains.....frndz are saying...trains have been stopped (sent from Kalyan)

khopoli fast  kuthe aahe?

thane k aage chalu hai kya train? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

parel se sion ke liye train chalu hai kya??? (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)

water logging in kurla station?

what is the issue  (sent from Koparkhairne Stn.)

please update on train status ?

dhanu to panvel train chalu hai kya bhai log...? (sent from Palghar)

Kalyan to CST?? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

what about Thane to klyan?

where is 7:07 ambernath train from kalyan? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

asangao to CST trains are they working???? (sent from Vasind)

kurla to dadar ka status Kya hai.. ?? (sent from Vashi Stn.)

karjat train on which stn now (sent from Diva Jn)

for update chk history chat .....    .  (sent from Badlapur)

ghatkopar thane train chalu hai Kya ??

diva to dadar chalu hai kya bhai log.? 

train are running or not

is train to asangaon 9:25, crowded??

are trains running on central line? (sent from Chinchpokli Stn.)

kalyan titwala train is working ? (sent from Vithalwadi)

where is 9.10 asangaon (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

mulund to matunga any issues?

What's the status of thane to panvel?

are trn feom thane to kalyn on time ?? (sent from Airoli Stn.)

is there some problem between Kurla and Sion? (sent from Vidyavihar)

what is the exact issue ? (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)

are trains dadar to kasara running? (sent from Santa Cruz)

is central line working Karla to Thane?  (sent from Tilak Nagar)

what about ambernath (sent from Vikhroli)

where is 7:32 Ambernath fast train? (sent from Ambernath)

are trains running from kalyan to thane...? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

what about fast train (sent from Kurla Stn.)

are kurla and dadar station filled with water?  (sent from Tilak Nagar Stn.)

train running status toward csmt? (sent from Vithalwadi Stn.)

why every time we central line person suffer due to railway train late issue (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

what about dadar to badlapur (sent from Goregaon)

hi.. how much is the delay on central line??  (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)

anyone know what is problem  (sent from Nahur Stn.)

trains sabhi time pe hai Kya thane to csmt ? (sent from Kalva Stn.)

karjat to kalyan ??

trains running  on time?  (sent from Vithalwadi)

are trains working fine? is thr water logging at sion

what abt thane to badlapur route???

titwala trains are running or not? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

thane to Kurla any status? (sent from Kalva)

is right time central railway ?. (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)

any one say me where is khopoli train??? (sent from Badlapur)

cst to badlapur any issue ? (sent from Thane)

hi guys trains are running from KALYAN??  (sent from Kalyan)

train are running slow.. anyone know the reason?? (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)

whr is 8:03 thane Karjat train? (sent from Ambernath)

is central railway train running???? on time?? 

dadar matunga prob solve hua Kya?

are down local on time ??

what about asangaon n karata train (sent from Turbhe)

Trains status from Kalyan?? (sent from Kalyan)

are the trains on time now ? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

 what is status of central line

thane to CST is clear or not

kalyan se titwala trn jaa raha h?? (sent from Kalyan)

ghatkopar main barrish hai kya????  (sent from Kalyan)

what is status of thane to kurla  (sent from Thane)

any 🚆 from thane to CST ?????  (sent from Mulund Stn.)

what about Dombivali to Thane... local running? (sent from Dombivli)

are central railway trains running on time?? (sent from Kalyan)

 what about Thane to Kurla ? are the train's running

trains band aahet ki nahi? (sent from Mulund)

Slow Train Kasara-CSTM which is scheduled to reach cst 7:38 started at 5:00 am have left Kalyan station (6:12)  just now @6:55 (sent from Kalyan)

pragati Express?

what is the stqtus towrds karjat bdl

train status from kalyan?

what wrong  at mulund station .... (sent from Rabale)

what's problem. why titwala to csmt (7.21am) fast local stopped between two station. (sent from Diva Jn)

aayi kya train or not yet reached??? (sent from Kopar Stn.)

Hi koi Ghatkopar station pe khada hai toh crowd kitna hai bata do? (sent from Vidyavihar)

Sion var thambli train?  (sent from Kanjur Marg)

 train are running late? (sent from Ghatkopar)

what about latest update (sent from Chembur Stn.)

hi, why trains are late? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

what abou titwala side  (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

fast local from kalyan on time? (sent from Kalyan)

down Cha train chalu ahet ki nahi ?? (sent from Matunga Road Stn.)

are trains on time today from badlapur to cst?

trains are running on time from Shahad?  (sent from Shahad)

are trains running from Thane to cst?

what is the status of down side trains? can someone please help (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

thane se badlapur k liye trains chalu hai kya??  (sent from Thane Stn.)

how long?? (sent from Ambernath Stn.)

what about central line status today (sent from Badlapur)

trains are on time???? (sent from Thane Stn.)

why so late khopoli? is there any problem? (sent from Badlapur Stn.)

bhandup pe Pani Bhara hai? 

guys what's train status from karjat (sent from Bandra)

those who are in train or platform give status as #intrain or #onplatform we'll trust this hashmark guys (sent from Kalyan)

what is status of asangaon train  (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

9:00 chi THANE cstm fast local lagali ka ?

Kalyan to Ambernath local running status?? (sent from Mumbai Central Stn.)

Are the trains running on regular time from central line? (sent from Airoli)

trains running in time or what? (sent from Dombivli)

what's the status of train running from Dadar to Kurla? (sent from Borivali Stn.)

badlapur-cst trains running on time? (sent from Badlapur)

what the status of sion (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

answer do koi to??? (sent from Sandhurst Road Stn.)

what is the possion of train (sent from Matunga Road)

are trains running late for goregaon to vikhroli? (sent from Goregaon Stn.)

kurla mumbra chalu ha? (sent from Cotton Green Stn.)

CST to Kalyan trains working? (sent from Dombivli)

are the trains are on time at central line!? (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)

what is the position of the trains between dadar to Thane?  tell me any one please .

why the F**" is everyone asking the same question

what's the Sion matunga situation (sent from Mumbra)

trains from kurla to kanjurmarg working?

Thane to Kalyan status? 

what about status of 6:26 towards CST train (sent from Badlapur Stn.)

Are trains running on time from badlapur? (sent from Badlapur Stn.)

Thane to Byculla status?  (sent from Thane)

what's the status of the trains (sent from Mulund Stn.)

what is the status of train from Kasara to csmt?  (sent from Badlapur)

Dadar slow train what is the position running late

trains r working??? (sent from Vidyavihar)

ulhasnagar to dombivali train chalu hai ky ?  (sent from Ambernath)

where kasara trai? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

what is status of central line  (sent from Santa Cruz)

trains are on tym. or late?  (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

what's status of central linee (sent from Vile Parle)

on what time 8.53 local reach to mlnd to thane (sent from Mulund Stn.)

trains chalu aahet ka?

why karjat fast is not moving from bhyculla (sent from Byculla Stn.)

where is the 10.26 ambernath cst fast train (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

where is asangaon-cst fast train..?? (sent from Mumbra Stn.)

10.13 from ambernath.  train now at which station? (sent from Dombivli)

Vikhroli to kalyan jau shakato Ka ?? (sent from Vikhroli)

are trains running on time ? (sent from Elphinstone Road)

hey any update on matunga ?? (sent from Andheri)

goregaon to cst?????  (sent from Goregaon)

is slow trains are running on time? (sent from Vidyavihar Stn.)

dadar to ghatkopar chalu hai..? (sent from Borivali)

what is status of train now (sent from Goregaon)

trains working fine ??towards badlapur?? (sent from Airoli Stn.)

  what is current status of central position? (sent from Airoli Stn.)

is there any trains from ghatkopar to Kalyan

trains on time or late??  (sent from Dombivli)

trains are running? (sent from Nahur)

dadr to Kalyan raning trains???

what is status of trains

what is the status of central line?  (sent from Bhandup)

trains running from kalyan to badlapur? (sent from Byculla)

what about Bhandup? (sent from Bhandup)

what about central line

from sion trains are working ?? (sent from Gtb Nagar Stn.)

what is the status abt dadar to karjat (sent from Jogeshwari Stn.)

kurla to Badlapur train are running on time or not? (sent from Kurla Stn.)

any issue any ghatkopar??  (sent from Vangani Stn.)

Thana to dombivali chalu he?  (sent from Turbhe Stn.)

what's the status of up line ... ambernath to csmt...,????

what is Badlapur (sent from Badlapur)

Pune Mumbai route is clear or not

what is the status of train towards kalyan to thane (sent from Thakurli)

cst to thane ? on time 

what is the status of trains 

4.55 ambernath train departed from ambernath?

what is the situation of trains right now (sent from Cst)

Slow trains time pe hai kya? (sent from Vidyavihar Stn.)

status from thane to ghatkopar??  plzz give an update

???? (sent from Mumbra)

is train running on time?  (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

Same anyone?

is there problem trains toward asangaon?? (sent from Thane Stn.)

is there any delay today in central line

 CST to Dombivali trains theek se chalra hai kya? (sent from Chunabhatti)

what is the status of the passanger train living from Diva to Vasai Road at 2:25

Central line is running properly? 

hey thane to kalyan trains running on time or not ? (sent from Vashi)

train running on time? (sent from Vikhroli)

pubg ? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

 Kalyan 15 dabba train move bhaykala? (sent from Dadar Stn.)

what happened in central railway (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

what's the status for fast trains? There's no fast trains coming to Kurla (sent from Kurla Stn.)

has the train service from CSMT to Thane resumed?

trains are running properly? (sent from Belapur Cbd Stn.)

vidyavihar to dombivali?? 

thane panvel train chalu he kya?

what us train status thane and mulund 

badलापूर ट्रेन चालु aahe का?

dadar to kalyn train are working or not? (sent from Parel)

status of train?  (sent from Vithalwadi)

what about trains from dadar to kurla (sent from Gtb Nagar Stn.)

Ghatkopar me tren chalu he kya ?

any 1 at thane station? (sent from Mira Road)

CST to Dombivli ട്രെയിൻ സ്റ്റാറ്റസ് എന്താണ്?  (sent from Churchgate)

what is trains status from Thane to Kalyan

where is the 8.30 dombivli local?????? (sent from Kopar Stn.)

thane to ambernath 9:36 ???

kyu ticket nai li kya bhai??

what is problem of Kalwa to cst (sent from Kalva)

train chalu hai kya from kurla ? (sent from Sewri Stn.)

what is problem of thane to mulund fast track? (sent from Mulund)

towards cst trains r running?? (sent from Kalyan)

what is the status of 8.3 thane karjat (sent from Vithalwadi Stn.)

fast train from thane are working ? (sent from Thane)

any updates relating the convince for traveling?  (sent from Tilak Nagar Stn.)

? (sent from Kopar Stn.)

how much train is late ambivali to cst

karjat to badlpur tarin chalu ahat ka 

what about CST towards thane? (sent from Bandra Stn.)

dombivli to ghatkopar train status ? (sent from Diva Jn)

trains r at time???? (sent from Vithalwadi)

whats the status of 2:24 local from badlapur to csmt? (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)

what's suition soon station (sent from Kopar Stn.)

kalyan to kurla trains are running properly or not 

kal jo jo office jake aya kisi ko kuch problem lga kya? 

are there trains running from Cstm???? (sent from Churchgate)

what was problem?

Ambernath/ badlapur train chalu hai? 

? (sent from Badlapur Stn.)

which route  (sent from Vithalwadi)

what is the status of 5:25 pm cst fast from mulund (sent from Mulund Stn.)

what are the status of trains from Kalyan to cst

khopoli left from kalyan right? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

but why aren't any train Kalyan to cst (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

guyz train for domibali is working?  (sent from Mira Road)

6:43 kalyan semifast...is it cancelled? (sent from Thane Stn.)

amb lot of crowd? (sent from Ambernath)

what is status between nahur and Mulund right now (sent from Dadar Stn.)

is 9.26 Thane from ghatkopar on time?

what is the status of train from Ghatkopar towards Thane (sent from Andheri)

hi, is there a ticket which i can use for whole mumbai (sent from Karjat)

11:40 BL from dombvli? (sent from Ambernath Stn.)

what happened betwewn mulund and thane (sent from Dombivli)

is there any train issue due to rain

what is status of train thane on word?? (sent from Nahur)

ambernath to cstm? 

what is the status of kasar karjat trains from CST (sent from Cotton Green Stn.)

wawoooo handicap mai?? (sent from Diva Jn)

bhai kalva or mumbra k bich me kuch problem chalu hai ??? (sent from Chunabhatti)

train is working or not?

where is 1-40p.m Karjat from Mumbai cst (sent from Kalyan)

kalyan se badlapur chalu he kay? (sent from Vikhroli)

Are trains totally stopped? (sent from Masjid Stn.)

kurla se kalyan train hai kya???  (sent from Gtb Nagar Stn.)

Kalyan to dombivli train are started?? (sent from Vithalwadi)

1.33 che pn cancell jali ka??? (sent from Badlapur)

what about the 1.09 CSMT train from ambivli? (sent from Ambivli Stn.)

whats the status from.kurla to vashi?? (sent from Lower Parel)

what is the  (sent from Malad Stn.)

what is train status from cst to Thane (sent from Churchgate)

ata train suru zali ka? (sent from Dombivli)

what is the current train Status from Csmt to kalyan  (sent from Charni Road Stn.)

what about tomorrow status  (sent from Kalva)

trains are available from sion stn?? (sent from Sion Stn.)

what is the issue in central line towards kalyan (sent from Thane)

Are slow trains  running from thane?

hi all..r trains running on time?

karjat to cstm fast train which arrives at 5.20 is just departed from Badlapur stn 

thane to kalyan trains are on time?  (sent from Koparkhairne)

is there mega block tomorrow betwn karjat-badlapur?

status of dombivli thane trais? (sent from Dombivli)

what is train position in Thane ... (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)

what's the situation now from thane to kalyan slow  (sent from Thane)

 what is train status , kalyan to cst ?

where is 3.05 cst (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

what is  train status from Thane to CST (sent from Mulund)

what is the status of central line till badlapur today (sent from Lower Parel)

dnt make kiosk. trains r late by 10 to 20 mins... but running... hats off to motorman..... dnt सात Thx n hi n questions.. 1st chk all chat...  (sent from Thane Stn.)

Dombivali to Thane Working?

train b/ w CST to Bandra running or not ? (sent from Kharghar Stn.)

kalyan to badlapur trains r runing or not??? (sent from Mumbra Stn.)

i am replying to people who already posted anything about this morcha

Sion dadar side what is the status (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

wht is the issue should we get down from the train? (sent from Kalva Stn.)

what's the status of central railways!?  (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

what are you studying then. I mean being in office. 🤔 (sent from Thane Stn.)

what about 6.57 titwala train (sent from Dadar Stn.)

Anyone outside Dadar station... pls check vo idli wala aya ha kya?? (sent from Parel Stn.)

what is current train status

thane train? (sent from Dadar Stn.)

are the trains on time from Thane to dadar?  (sent from Thane)

what is the status of kurla station (sent from Ambivli Stn.)

Kasara to cst is running properly?

9:47 kalyan Dadar 15 car status?  (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

trains from cst to thane?

thane to Ambarnath status? (sent from Airoli)

are trains working? (sent from Dombivli)

what about kalyan fast (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

Bhai Vikhroli station k Bahar mohini hotel chaalu hai Kya ? (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)

trains time me he kya? (sent from Kalyan)

How much delayed (sent from Ambernath)

coming to kalyan now? (sent from Badlapur Stn.)

Has the issue resolved?  (sent from Nahur Stn.)

any buddy know about where is deogiri express (sent from Vidyavihar Stn.)

dombivali to CST status please??? (sent from Dombivli)

karjat fast will halt at Kanjurmarg? (sent from Kurla Stn.)

9.47 Dadar local status??? (sent from Kalyan)

byculla to ghatkopar status?

train on schedule ? (sent from Masjid)

what's the status of train it's on time.....?? (sent from Vithalwadi Stn.)

is there any serious problem at dadar station. We would like to know because we are waiting for 40 minutes  (sent from Elphinstone Road Stn.)

domivali to csmt train working or not

BHANDUP to Dadar train are running on time?? 

Kindly check Megablock details in *Most Liked Chats at right side of chat section* also the Megablock details are available in News section of m-indicator app. News section button is present at top right corner of chat section

Are trains running from ambernath  to cst on time?

 what about train status (sent from Mulund)

where is Kalyan fast train (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

12:40 khopoli train is there or not ???? (sent from Kurla Stn.)

where has karjat cstm train reached?? (sent from Mulund Stn.)

what is the status from Parel to Vikhroli??? (sent from Sewri)

hey guys what is the status of trains from Kalyan to csmt (sent from Shahad)

trains on time Now at 7.15 am ?????????? (sent from Malad)

Mulund to Dadar trains chalu hoga? (sent from Nahur)

Hey what up with Dombivli station 

trains from kura to thane on time ? (sent from Chunabhatti)

what is update of train is running normally or late (sent from Currey Road Stn.)

abhi mumbai mei barish hai kya?

any updates about central railway?

khopoli train where? (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

बदलापूर ते cst ट्रेन चालू आहे काय?? (sent from Badlapur Stn.)

where is badlapur (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

what about thane starting? are they on time?

9.47 dadar- Kalyan status? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

what is the status of Kalyan CST train (sent from Vithalwadi Stn.)

tomorrrow 8.06am khopoli fast train will come or it is cancelled ? (sent from Mulund)

kuthe pochi aahe badlapur thane? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

Mumbai to pune???? (sent from Masjid Stn.)

kanjur to asangaon train?  (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)

hey guys stop spamming. could not read a single msg. gyz don't asked repetitive questions please see previous  chat then chat it (sent from Airoli Stn.)

trains are running for ppl who might need it in emergency so if anything is urgent just go and check or else leave it

how is running status in bit win dadaर to ghatkopar 

what is the train from cat to Thane status (sent from Elphinstone Road Stn.)

what is the status today from Kalyan to cst

central line condition ?? (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)

what about kalyan to CST

what's status as rain stop  (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

my train was the last one which ran ontime  (sent from Mulund)

whether trains are working towards kasara side?? 

badlapur  to  Cst  train  chalu  ahe  ka?  (sent from Badlapur)

Tu CST pe aana churchgate se kya Karega? paunch Baad me chup chap jaa (sent from Dombivli)

any idea why are trains are late today  (sent from Masjid Stn.)

plz help us to be safe. can anyone who is out n travelling, 

thane to kalyan train status??

Why railways not making any announcement at Station about the status of train in honest and correct way. instead of making trains running late by 10-15  minutes .  (sent from Thane)

cst to Kalyan status?? (sent from Kanjur Marg)

are trains on time from thane to Badlapur ??

DOMBIVLI TO DADAR status ? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

you are right....everyone is just asking what is status of train......please send updates those who are traveling in train (sent from Mulund Stn.)

Kanpur to Parel? (sent from Kanjur Marg)

Wht abt towards asangaon side?? 

what kalyan to ambernath   status  

are trains running from asangao to CST?? (sent from Vasind)

Byculla to Sion ? (sent from Sandhurst Road)

What train on ghatkopar plat form 3? (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

what is from kalyan?? (sent from Kalyan)

can anyone tell me about down side train status? (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

train status from kalyan to badlapur?? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

any private helicopter? (sent from Koparkhairne Stn.)

trains are running? what abt kurla to CST 

Are trainss runniing on timme????? (sent from Sandhurst Road Stn.)

What does mean mumbai central i mean which station (sent from Nahur)

7.14 @dombivli train kidhar tak pohochi??? 

baarish ho rahi hai kya?

what about train to sion

kanjurmag to Dadar?? what is the status? (sent from Nahur Stn.)

CST tk train hai KY dombivli se any update ? (sent from Dombivli)

What about trains from thane to cst slow and fast? (sent from Thane)

Is central train reaching on time ???....(sent from ambernath)

where is 12:01 karjat - cstm fast..?

are trains on central line on time?

what about diva

thane to bhandup train chalu hai.kya..?? (sent from Thane Stn.)

what's the status kalyan to cst (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

from Dadar ?? (sent from Dadar Stn.)

thane to kalyan slow local running or not? 

status?

trains h kya Badlapur se?? (sent from Badlapur)

what is current status. has the issue cleared (sent from Thane Stn.)

is thane to dadar running? (sent from Goregaon Stn.)

CST to thane?  (sent from Lower Parel)

are train running on time from badlapur to csmt ?

Kurla to CST chalu hai kya? (sent from Kurla Stn.)

???? (sent from Goregaon)

wher is ambernath fast trin who comeing at kurla 11 42 (sent from Kurla Stn.)

what about kalyan CSMT FAST 2.05 15 car train (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

paucha kya Bhai gharpe??

what happen (sent from Kalva Stn.)

dombivlikars Kya haal hai crowd ka! Much rush? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

central lines trains are working??

is anybody right now btw thane to Dadar? and what is the train delay situation?

anyone at Mumbra station????

any status about Aasangaon trains???  (sent from Shahad Stn.)

6.51 fast? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

train chalu ahet ka?

is Kurla to Dadar train running? (sent from Kanjur Marg)

kurla to kalyan chalu hai kya ? pls update (sent from Govandi)

where is CST khopoli now plzzz update

shahad to CST ? (sent from Shahad Stn.)

where's the 15 car Kalyan fast local  (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

train from mulund to dadar running? (sent from Ghatkopar)

kurla to thane any updates?  (sent from Kurla)

is there any train for CST???? (sent from Thane Stn.)

Dadar kurla trains running?  (sent from Dadar)

koi bata sakte hai ke Thane mein megablock hai yaa nahi? please mujhko reply karo (sent from Dahisar)

what's the status at thane station (sent from Borivali Stn.)

now from kalyan which train will be der 

update between thane to cst?  (sent from Mulund)

TNA to vikhroli towards than all who are traveling update  so can figure which train has reached where (sent from Bhandup Stn.)

what is status of csmt to kalyan (sent from Vidyavihar)

karjat cst train chalu aahet ka? (sent from Bhivpuriroad Stn.)

trains are running ? (sent from Govandi Stn.)

then what is the status (sent from Bhandup)

kurla status? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

Are trains late? (sent from Vangani Stn.)

train status from cst to thane ?? (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)

status of Kasara Train anyone please??? (sent from Vadala Road Stn.)

is Central line is running from kurla to dadar? (sent from Govandi)

what ia the positione of local now 

Where is 9.7 Dadar train from kyn (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

Ghatkopar to Dombivali train Chalu aahet Kay? 

is there Thane Panvel train running?

What what is the status of trains on central  (sent from Bhandup)

kurla to Dadar train chalu ahet ka?

neral jau shakto ka? (sent from Ghansoli Stn.)

bhai what time its taking to reach thane to dadar??  (sent from Thane)

CR line train is. running?? (sent from Andheri Stn.)

what does white colour means (sent from Badlapur Stn.)

Are trains functioning from central line?

what is a status for csmt train (sent from Thane)

are fast train running on time? (sent from Mulund Stn.)

what is the trains status

Kya Badlapur to kalyan gaali chalu hai? (sent from Badlapur)

what status from titwala to cstm  (sent from Titwala Stn.)

ios me train chat nhi hai  kya? (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)

what status from dadar to Vikhroli  (sent from Parel)

Cst to thane trains running?  (sent from Charni Road Stn.)

which one is canceled? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)



central Railway is working???

train ke fan chalu hai kya?

w r khopoli? (sent from Mulund Stn.)

ठाणे-वाशी ?

mumbai local private hai kya ? ghatkoper mein metro se aane wale train me nahi chadna hai aisa koi rule hai kya? csmt se jo baithkar ata hai usko complsery uthna hai seat se aisa hai kya?

what is the train status between cstm to karjat (sent from Airoli)

dadar se ambarnhat trin let he kya  (sent from Thane)

what is status from kalyan to ghatkopar..????

dombivli to mulund status plzz??? (sent from Dombivli)

r trains working from dadar to bhandup frequency are proper or not ? (sent from Mira Road Stn.)

any Problem In central line? (sent from Kalyan)

status of harbour and central line?  (sent from Ghansoli)

trains working? (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)

what is the train status at present

7.52 karjat to csmt in on time ir not??? (sent from Badlapur)

train running towards kalyan/titwala status please?  (sent from Goregaon)

the trains aren't available?  (sent from Mulund Stn.)

what's the issue at Kurla station.  Train is stoped at one place form last 30 min  (sent from Kurla Stn.)

7.43 is cancelled or what (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

why train is late... (sent from Matunga Road Stn.)

vithalwadi to ambarnath train is working? (sent from Vithalwadi)

what about tomorrow central line Badlapur to csmt service ?? (sent from Badlapur)

Hi trains are running from kasara to cst? 

What is problem between Kanjur and thane (sent from Mulund Stn.)

what about kalyan to csmt fast train 

what is the status

diva vasai trains chalu hai kya aaj?

what about kalyan to cst trains (sent from Churchgate)

guys any update wna go cst from mumbra ?

is dat train on time or late...? (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)

what's the problem? (sent from Cst Stn.)

trains are on time or late???  (sent from Vasind)

cst  to khopoli train where it is now (sent from Thane Stn.)

what is d condition of CR local trains beyond kuthla? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

are trains running between curry road to kalyan? (sent from Kalyan)

koi muge batayga ki Thane aur kalwa statn k bich Jo train ruki thi vo Chali ki nhi? (sent from Dombivli)

what is status of kalyan to kasara route??? (sent from Asangaon Stn.)

what about khopli train status any body knows (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

why central line trains heading to kalyan from kalwa are running late?

thane to kasara kay update ? (sent from Kalyan)

is tomorrow megablock? (sent from Karjat Stn.)

is train still running? 

trains are working or not? (sent from Sandhurst Road Stn.)

slow train which was stuck in between nahur and mulund just reached mulund station (sent from Mulund Stn.)

what about dombivli?  (sent from Dombivli)

what is tran status (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)

kasara to csmt train chalu he kya?

kurla to Dadar train chalu ahet ka?

any body let me know the status of train going towards Thane are train running to Thane..?? 

thane to shahad status...??? (sent from Koparkhairne)

8.53 reach to vagani or not???? (sent from Badlapur Stn.)

how about beyond sion??  (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)

? (sent from Vidyavihar Stn.)

are the down trains working properly??  (sent from Ambernath Stn.)

mumbra to dadar chalu hai kya?

any updates on karjat to thane trains?

is local running from kasara??

are all trains on time? (sent from Churchgate)

hi what is the train status between kurla and Ghatkopar  (sent from Kurla)

still he late karjat line r..?  (sent from Kurla)

since when you are in train? (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)

मुलुंड से तित्वला और कासारा साइड ट्रेन टाईम पे है क्या ?

trains from ghatkopar ??

Are the trains running from Thane to ambernath?

ulhasnagar to CST chalu hai kha? (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)

thane se kalyan trn chalu he kya? (sent from Vashi Stn.)

what about train status (sent from Airoli Stn.)

Thane to cst are trains working?  (sent from Thakurli)

is there any problem between mulund and nahur  (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

trains are running in central line?  (sent from Kurla)

9.31 cst fast kaha hai? 

is train working from Ghtkp to Kalyan? (sent from Ghatkopar)

are trains from dadar towards dombiwali working? (sent from Dadar Stn.)

trains r working or not to panvel? (sent from Ghatkopar)

update please from Kurla to Kalyan ? (sent from Tilak Nagar)

kalyan to thana ?

Aaj train aaegi ya nahi ?  1 ghante se khade hai . . .  (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

what is the status of 12951 MUMBAI Delhi rajdhani

is dombivli local 8.15 on time?

hi..karjat to cst train are running ?? (sent from Neral)

is any trains from Kurla to Kalyan working ? (sent from Vashi Stn.)

guys...slow train start h? (sent from Thakurli)

Thane to cst ? (sent from Churchgate Stn.)

trains are running? (sent from Ambernath Stn.)

what about central line (sent from Masjid Stn.)

what's is cr ststus (sent from Cst Stn.)

 ? (sent from Kalyan)

Is there any water logging at thane? are kalyan to cst trains running? (sent from Cotton Green)

is there anyone from Vikhrol..how is it from Vikhroli to up side.??? (sent from Vikhroli)

nothing is wrong we are in a train which was start from thane 10.35 and we still at masjid (sent from Sandhurst Road Stn.)

down trains on time? (sent from Vithalwadi)

where tha karjat local ? (sent from Airoli Stn.)

where are train  (sent from Vidyavihar Stn.)

Khopoli local status??? (sent from Parel Stn.)

where is asangaon local (sent from Titwala Stn.)

what is status for train (sent from Mulund Stn.)

 why train not moving from Ghatkopar to thane (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)

why trains are late (sent from Mumbra)

Hello I want to go Airoli. is Train working? (sent from Kandivali)

9.33 cst fast lft from thane?  (sent from Mulund Stn.)

Dadar Sathi train ahe ka??? (sent from Ghatkopar)

diva me crowd h?  (sent from Dativali)

is express are running?

Ambernath to Thane train working?  (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

7:58pm kasara local at Thane stn??? (sent from Thane Stn.)

this train timing people know why give separately (sent from Dombivli)

what is train status (sent from Airoli Stn.)

Central railway trains r running on time?  (sent from Kanjur Marg)

what is the current status on Badlapur locals is it working?? (sent from Thakurli Stn.)

train chalu he kya karjat ke liye...? (sent from Vikhroli)

This time it's Mumbai Rains vs Mumbai Trains let's see who wins it (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

Which channel (sent from Dombivli)

trains running? (sent from Lower Parel)

vikroli To Ghatkopar?? (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)

What is the position beyond Kalyan towards Karjat (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)

what is train status from thane to dombivli  (sent from Vashi)

titvala  train chalu aahet ka???

dadar to badlapur what is status? (sent from Grant Road Stn.)

what is the train running status from Ghatkopar to Kalyan

bhai ap station pe hi ho?? (sent from Chunabhatti)

do we get updates in this app or it's just like that only? (sent from Thakurli)

ठाणे ला रेल रोको केला आहे का? (sent from Kopar Stn.)

??? (sent from Thakurli Stn.)

बदलापूर मधून ट्रेन आहे का? (sent from Badlapur)

what about Dadar? (sent from Parel)

r train running from cst to badlapur?

is the train running in time from Ambernarh (sent from Ambernath)

from Dadar to thane status?? (sent from Virar)

6.18 ki train aayi ? (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

what about Karjat locals

dom to karjat trains thane se nikali kya.....? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

trains are late in central line towards kalyan?? 

 karjat to Cst train chalu he???  (sent from Neral Stn.)

anyone willing to travel to sakinaka or enroute.. from kalyan? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

dombivali to cstm train on time?

train status towards CST from Badlapur?? (sent from Badlapur)

what is the status about central line  (sent from Rabale)

ulhasnagar to ghatkopar train status? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

what is current status of trains ?  (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

kalwa se dadar train chalu hai kya? pls.send status (sent from Kalva)

what is the status CST to kalyn train btother (sent from Vidyavihar)

kalyan ke aage train chalu hai kya?????

are the trains going ahead thane ? (sent from Mulund)

what is d status frm thane to kln?? (sent from Koparkhairne)

around 7.30 am in dadar station both locals up n down were on same track due to which the converging trains follows back to back also affecting fast track. (sent from Dativali)

what the fish going on

Are the trains on time?? 

wat is d status of down locals?? (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)

want know weather central railway is working or not

what is the result thane to dadar (sent from Thane)

central line working from dadar to ghatkopar? (sent from Charni Road Stn.)

what is status at badlapur can anyone update (sent from Badlapur)

kyu rok diya trains ko? sab trains half hour late hai (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

 train are running on normal time????? 

hello whether trains are running towards cat?

dadar to cst status? (sent from Dadar Stn.)

dombivli to cst trains running properly??

what is the status of slow trains from csmt to thane (sent from Sandhurst Road Stn.)

kalyan to thane working??? (sent from Kalyan)

Central line till thane is clear??  (sent from Vasind Stn.)

thane to badlapur aahe ka..? (sent from Thane Stn.)

I am at vidhyavihar and wanted to dadar can anyone plz tell me when is slow train coming 

kuthe rahtes ?

fast trains r working ? (sent from Masjid Stn.)

how are trains (sent from Vikhroli)

what is the status of Kurla to thane train.... trains r running or not

any SC/ST interested in joining this ? removing reservation (sent from Vithalwadi Stn.)

what is train status from amb (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

where is kasara train  (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

what is the status of the trains right now  (sent from Thakurli)

why Sahyadri Ex stand siding at Diva? (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)

trains are running proper??? (sent from Byculla)

what is status of central line today's?? (sent from Karjat)

is train running from vithalwadi to dombivali??  (sent from Vithalwadi)

what happened (sent from Belapur Cbd)

Central Che train chalu aahe ka?  (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)

is there train from kanjurmarg to kalyan

Are there any problems for Kalyan to cst locals?? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

what abt t&rains now in thane & beyond towards CSMT ? 

teen chaloo aahe Ka? Thane to Badlapur? (sent from Thane)

trains are running or not? (sent from Dombivli)

status of train between vidyavihar to Thane??  (sent from Vidyavihar)

ulhas to mulund? (sent from Shahad)

kalyan chalu hair? (sent from Vile Parle)

what's the status dombivli to cst? (sent from Dombivli)

kurla kalyan status?

i am leaving for pune by pragati express 12125 .....it will start in evening....is der any status for express trains? (sent from Kings Circle)

mitrano train chalu aahe ka? (sent from Diva Jn)

thane cst working fine? (sent from Thane)

Up trains from titwala working or not..?

train ka Hal Kya hai? (sent from Kalva)

is there any waterlogging in Thane? (sent from Mulund)

when trains started working? (sent from Karjat Stn.)

what about vidyavihar to thane (sent from Vidyavihar)

badlapur CST Ka kya haal h ?

what is status of central line  (sent from Ambernath)

thana to csmt chalu hai kaya??? (sent from Mulund)

what hapn between kalwa n thane (sent from Kalva)

mulund to dombivli?  (sent from Mulund Stn.)

what is status of badlapur to cst (sent from Badlapur)

thane 2 dadar? (sent from Thane Stn.)

central line train status please? (sent from Ambernath)

what is the status of cst to panvel (sent from Cotton Green)

where os asangaon train (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

where titwala train reached now  (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

what about badlapur train (sent from Dadar Stn.)

kalyan to kasara train chalu aahet ka?

neral to cst trains are on tym?

what about from karjat to cst (sent from Karjat)

karjat train aahe ka?? (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)

Trains to thane status?? (sent from Tilak Nagar)

amb to CST???? (sent from Ambernath Stn.)

what's the status of Mulund to Kurla?? (sent from Mulund Stn.)

are trains from Thane station to cst on time?

asangaon ?? (sent from Kalva)

diva to ambernath trajn are running??? (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)

status cst to kalyan train.?

thane to vashi train  status ?? (sent from Nilje Stn.)

ata? (sent from Badlapur)

what abt 6:33 train frm karjat (sent from Karjat Stn.)

ट्रेन्स ontime आहेत का ????

where is 8:10 khopoli train from thane?

are trains on time from vidyavihar to cst??? (sent from Vithalwadi)

where is fast (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

curry road to dadar train working? (sent from Elphinstone Road Stn.)

what is train status from Badlapur to thane

is train running to Kalyan pls tell me who on the way (sent from Elphinstone Road Stn.)

cst to badlapur trian chalu hai ? (sent from Elphinstone Road Stn.)

any waterlogging between kopar to Thane? (sent from Kopar Stn.)

what is the status of trains toward CST? (sent from Kanjur Marg)

kalyan to titwala what is status (sent from Ambernath)

 what is status of ambarnath to kalyan

what are the current status of trains, are they running on time mulund

kalyan to cst? (sent from Kalyan)

trains chalu hai na?? (sent from Vidyavihar Stn.)

what about fast train to cst (sent from Thane Stn.)

what's the status for train running from belapur to kurla?

12.01 karajat to cst fast kaha pohochi hai? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

what is status of kurla to kalyan (sent from Govandi)

what the status of ulhasnagar to Mulund status of train (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

is there any train running between airoli to thane (sent from Airoli)

status of trans harbour thane panvel???? (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

are central line trains running on time???  plz reply (sent from Vangani Stn.)

is train running from thane to dadar?

status of 6:45 fast from kalyan? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

trains at badlapur station on time? (sent from Badlapur Stn.)

shahad to asangaon?? plsss give status

train status at Diva ???! (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)

सायन ला भरपूर पाणी भरलं आहे का? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

Kahi problems Aahet KY? trainche (sent from Karjat Stn.)

9:10 asangao?  (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

Kalyan to Karjat train chalu hai na ? (sent from Kalyan)

reason kya hai late ka???? (sent from Ghatkopar)

how about trains for kalyan to thane??? (sent from Shahad)

train status?

train ka koi problem ahe ka? (sent from Thane Stn.)

Thane ghatkopar? (sent from Vithalwadi Stn.)

slow or Fast ??? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

trains are start or not

badlapur? (sent from Badlapur)

?? (sent from Mulund)

update on 05:06 Mulund-Karjat?  (sent from Mulund Stn.)

what's wrong in central one  (sent from Mulund)

kurla Dadar chalu hai kya?? (sent from Govandi Stn.)

asangaon fast train from CST left or not? what is its Status? (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

plz. guys who r traveling , give proper info (sent from Kurla)

are trains on time from thane to karjat? (sent from Nerul)

dadar to thane trains is running or late runnimg??? (sent from Santa Cruz Stn.)

what about sion station is it flooded (sent from Mira Road Stn.)

train are  running from kurla tu kalva or not???? (sent from Kurla Stn.)

anyone knows why central line is running late??? (sent from Ghatkopar)

I want to go from Thane to Dadar , can I get train from thane??? (sent from Thane Stn.)

trains from dadar to kurla are working or not ? (sent from Dahisar Stn.)

is train running properly?

what about express trains does anyone know abt it??  (sent from Kopar Stn.)

diva to dombivli train is very slow...any issue diva onwards? (sent from Dativali)

train from Dadar to Asangaon are on time ? (sent from Vasind Stn.)

ठाणे 2 डोंबिवली चालू आहेत का?

does anyone know about dombivli? (sent from Dombivli)

mumbra to cst chalu hai kya..??

what is now current position?  (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

ambernath se trains chalu hain kya??? (sent from Ambernath Stn.)

what's problem central line

Thane to CST train status? 

what is the status of karjat train (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

6:50 Kurla train nikali hai Kya CST se? (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)

is there any problem on kasara line (sent from Titwala Stn.)

Kurla to Thane?? Any updates???

what  about train status. heavy rain in Ambernath 

are trains on time from shahad to thane? 

Dadar to Thane train running status? (sent from Dadar Stn.)

are fast trains on time? are they also stopping in between? (sent from Dadar)

central line time par hai kya?? 

Are trains on time today to go to dadar from vikhroli!? (sent from Vikhroli)

trains are running?

panvel se vadala road train route pe block kB se start hoga? any guess

What's the status of Kalyan to Thane Train starting at 8.50 PM (sent from Thane Stn.)

Kasara cst local chalu hai?

vikhroli to Dadar chalu hai kya ? (sent from Vikhroli)

thane to cstm train runing ?? (sent from Airoli)

thane to badlapur trains chalu he kay?  (sent from Airoli)

what a status of kalyan local

is any announcements done for this .?? (sent from Dombivli)

please someone help...kurla to dadar is it possible? (sent from Belapur Cbd Stn.)

what ? (sent from Thakurli)

how much late traiN (sent from Diva Jn)

hello what's train status beyond the Thane to cst (sent from Kalva Stn.)

train chalu h ?? (sent from Andheri Stn.)

where is fast local train for 11:17 train in thane (sent from Thane Stn.)

can anybody tell me, central train are on time? (sent from Koparkhairne Stn.)

ट्रेन चालू आहेत का ? (sent from Ambernath)

train are running slow??

where is the 4.54 karjat train (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

any update on trains going towards cst from mulund  ? is it on time ?

pls put updates of 6.33 Amb train, when you cross thane, kurla and dadar. (sent from Ambernath Stn.)

where is dombivali local ?? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

ठाणे ते बदलापूर चालू आहेत का ? (sent from Thane)

is it possible to commute by train from dadar to thane today? what's the situation, anyone who is present at station please let us know! (sent from Parel)

from which platform from CST fast train are moving to ghatkoper

what is  the status kalwa to dadar??  (sent from Kalva Stn.)

I have  children at my home... And I'm here at office....for god sake please someone update is the train running from thanento kalyan??? (sent from Mulund)

train time barabar hay? (sent from Marine Lines)

Hello, are trains towards CSMT running on time?

thane - kurla route ? 

where is karjat  (sent from Badlapur Stn.)

what's the status of trains from Bandra to karjat (sent from Khar Road)

what is the status of kalyan stn ? (sent from Shahad Stn.)

diva to thane train status? (sent from Dativali Stn.)

what's is the status of train from Ghatkopar To Kalyan (sent from Mumbra Stn.)

Central line ok....? (sent from Dombivli)

Public... statuss ky h train ka??? Slow chal rhi h yaa band h???  (sent from Ambernath)

what is the status of the trains ??

what is local train status for kalyan to CST now?  (sent from Dombivli)

yes or no? (sent from Mira Road)

Kasara train hai kya?? (sent from Kasara Stn.)

6:26 train... badlapur to cst.....? (sent from Badlapur)

what is status of train (sent from Khar Road)

what bout kutla to dombiwli (sent from Mankhurd Stn.)

from Ambernath? (sent from Ambernath Stn.)

Central line chalu h kya? koi batao pls.

kurla to thane? is it working?  (sent from Kurla)

all trains are on time ? (sent from Chunabhatti)

why delayed

what status kalyan to c s t (sent from Kalyan)

announced at Kanjur Station that slow train towards CST would not stop at Sandhurst road and Masjid. It will go on fast track from Byculla towards Cst (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)

car to thane train is working ? (sent from Churchgate Stn.)

what about Sion station train delay ya on time

Bhai mere, ye chat ka wohi purpose hai

kasara to cst ??? chalu hain

Thane to CST train status ?

What is the status about Vasind to kalyan train (sent from Vasind Stn.)

is there rain in matunga (sent from Thane Stn.)

kalyan to karjat train chalu aahe ka? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

trains r on time???? (sent from Kalyan)

I want to go to Mulund. I'm in Parel. Should I leave the office or stay here? (sent from Elphinstone Road)

thane to cst ?? (sent from Thane)

cst to kalyan train is running or not? (sent from Titwala)

are trains for Bhandup to kurla on time????  (sent from Bhandup)

are the trains running fine between Karjat to Thane? Any help is welcome. My relative, a senior citizen, is traveling

titwala to cstm train chalu hai kya? (sent from Titwala)

any status about dadar- to kurla line? (sent from Bandra Stn.)

Hi.. Anyone here who has a friend named Khimil Soni ? (Perhaps a CA student from Dombivli)

from thane to vashi train se running or not....? 

Anybody Is Free To Watch Sanju?

what about dombivli  to thane route

Karjat/Khopoli la janarya trains chalu ahet Ka?

what is d train status between ghatkopar to dadar (sent from Shahad Stn.)

up trains working on central? any train at Thane or previous station? (sent from Mulund Stn.)

badlapur train what time ??? (sent from Thakurli)

trains from ghatkopar to cst are on time? (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

Is anyone is astrologer to follow this prediction???? (sent from Tilak Nagar)

what is thestatus of karjat to kalyan (sent from Bhivpuriroad)

are trains from kalyan to cst on time ? (sent from Mumbra Stn.)

what's current status of train  (sent from Kanjur Marg)

karjat train are going??? (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)

trains he kya from badlapur to cst ?

towards thane from.CsT working ? (sent from Lower Parel)

what. is the status of kanjurmarg and Sion 

Cst train is it on time ?

cst kalyan tran status please??

whr ia kasara train?? boarding time at Klyn 12:48 (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

is train  available  from Dombivli to thane.? 

whether train running from kurla central railway towards kalyan? (sent from Kalyan)

are there escalator available at Thane railway station? (sent from Vile Parle)

what about kurla status

time per hai kya trains...???

what is current status (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

where is train 10.15 from dombivli (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

Auto in Powai? 

what about cst kasara train?? (sent from Shahad Stn.)

thane cst train status?? 

trains are going till karjat? or not

are trains towards cst going beyond matunga?? (sent from Vidyavihar)

train status???

train on time from. kalyan?  (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

Are train for Karate running? 

chalu he...? (sent from Chunabhatti)

are trains tp cst running ok? a train just arrived at vidyavihar but upto kurla (sent from Vidyavihar Stn.)

kasara to Kalyan chalu ahet ka ? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

trains?? (sent from Cotton Green Stn.)

8.25 thane -  Cst train running very slowly... delayed by more than 25 mins... anyone knows of any known issue today?  (sent from Matunga Road Stn.)

What about Sion

trains towards cst r working properly ??? (sent from Vikhroli)

is there any problem between mulund and thane?  (sent from Mulund)

khopoli to karjat chalu aahet ka? (sent from Shelu Stn.)

Dadar se SF Kalyan gayi? (sent from Dadar Stn.)

are down trains running properly?

Ghatkopar to CST Train ka kya hal hai???? pz. batao (sent from Chembur)

can i go to kanjurmarg from dadar?? 

where is kasara local (sent from Ambernath)

evening tak ok ho jae kya??? (sent from Shahad)

water logging? anywhere on central line? (sent from Nahur Stn.)

kontya trains?

kalyan cst trains are running in regular timing ???? (sent from Kalyan)

y r trains late today so much????? (sent from Vithalwadi)

there is any one travel from thane to badlapur? and whats the current status about that

ghatkopar se downside ki trains time pe hai?? (sent from Dombivli)

are the trains to karjat working?? (sent from Malad)

curry road to kurla?m (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)

Ambernath to CST trains are running? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

Are trains for Sion on schedule? (sent from Charni Road)

Thane to Kalyan train running? (sent from Thane)

kasara line is working or not ? (sent from Vasind Stn.)

badlapur to Thane trains?  (sent from Badlapur)

is train running to karjat line? 

CSMT to Sion.? Trains are running?

any update? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

are trains running between thane and cst? ( sent from thane)

Ambernath to thane slow trains runnig or not? (sent from Ambernath)

asangaon ke liye train chalu hai Kay friends??  (sent from Thane)

train r working from Shahad??  (sent from Shahad Stn.)

Pl. update are running on time??  (sent from Chinchpokli Stn.)

it's raining at Mumbai???  (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

Are trains on time? 

is there any day central railway trains running on time? (sent from Kopar)

subha ka office jana hai ya chhutti karen?  (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

are train are moving in Kalwa or thane ??? (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)

Vikhroli to CST ? (sent from Ghansoli)

vangani waterfall ka kya status hai? (sent from Bhiwandi Road)

घाटकोपर ते ठाणे लोकल चालु आहेत का ?

train running on time??? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

what status dombivali to cst (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)

2:56 Karjat left from cst????  (sent from Byculla Stn.)

any update for karjat???? 

ia train running on time?  (sent from Kopar Stn.)

what about the domivali train  (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

byculla to thane train status? (sent from Badlapur)

are trains running in the central line. pls update? (sent from Nilje)

Ghatkopar to Asangaon? (sent from Malad)

pushpak express kalyan made pohchli ki nahi...?

Kalyan to Badlapur trains are running or not?  (sent from Ghansoli)

dadar to thane?? (sent from Mumbai Central)

9.29 badlapur train stopped after kalyan more than 15-20 min, does anyone have idea what is the issue after kalyan on fast track  (sent from Shahad)

wt s d status of Avantika express stuck up at Saphale ?

train chalu he kya central line? (sent from Mahim Jn Stn.)

what is the problem (sent from Bhandup)

are trains working from thane-ghatkopar? (sent from Rabale)

What about the down line? (sent from Dombivli)

how to go cbd to dadar from esy  (sent from Belapur Cbd Stn.)

sion stn ??

vasind to kalyan train let hai kya? (sent from Vasind Stn.)

kidhar barish hora hai kya? (sent from Vithalwadi)

how is the situation between ambarnath nd kalyan station

central line from Ambernath to CST चालू आहे का?

is there any delay from ghansoli to thane (sent from Ghansoli)

what happened between kurla n sion ??? (sent from Chunabhatti)

Central line Dombivli se time per he ?? ki bandh he ?? (sent from Dombivli)

what about titwala to dombivali running on time 🏃 (sent from Ambivli)

train status?? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

why the 7.43 badlapur stopped??

6:10 TL from dadar.. what is current location??  (sent from Dadar Stn.)

train ka kya problem hua hai? (sent from Churchgate)

is the trains available towards csmt (sent from Chinchpokli Stn.)

9:14 arrived at 10??? (sent from Elphinstone Road)

what is the problem between kalva & mumbra ? (sent from Thane Stn.)

ambernath  train?? (sent from Mulund)

any update from dombivli or kalyan station?  (sent from Dombivli)

11.54 karjat. what is the status (sent from Thane Stn.)

Royal park ki train hai Kya?😹 (sent from Byculla Stn.)

just heard, central trains have stopped, is it true? (sent from Jogeshwari Stn.)

what is the position of shahad to kasra (sent from Shahad)

how ia trains running for ghatkopar to thane

why trains are running late  (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

train status? (sent from Thakurli)

whats the status from Dadar to Mulund ??

what about 6.21 towards karjat (sent from Cst Stn.)

train is on time for cst? rain started heavily (from Ghatkopar) (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

trains time pe hai?  (sent from Mulund Stn.)

dombivli to dadar any update??? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

parel to cst are they running on time ? (sent from Elphinstone Road Stn.)

are the trains running to reach mulund from kurla? (sent from Nerul Stn.)

dombivali train chalu aahe ka??? (sent from Elphinstone Road Stn.)

what is issue for Central down trains (sent from Kalva Stn.)

what is status now

 thane to Dadar please update? (sent from Thane Stn.)

how late are the fast trains and how late slow or on time?

What is the status at kalyan to thane (sent from Badlapur)

train time pe chalu hai kya ??????

what is the Khopoli train position Now

what is the central suburban local position (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

Kalyan to CST? (sent from Kalyan)

good morning mitro train ka kya hal hai? (sent from Dativali)

what problem kurla station?? (sent from Asangaon Stn.)

are trains running between kalyan and karjat? (sent from Jogeshwari)

what's the status of train towards dombivali (sent from Nahur)

train are running right?? it is that they are running late..from CST to karjat kasara?? (sent from Parel)

thane to Dombivali ?  (sent from Thane)

thane to kalyan trains ka status kya hai? r they running right time?

is everything okay between kalyan and badlapur?? (sent from Kalyan)

from kalyan train r working ? (sent from Kalyan)

CSt train from Badlapur at 9.00 is left or is it late? (sent from Badlapur Stn.)

what is train running status from titwala to CSMT (sent from Titwala)

naru? 

what's the status (sent from Turbhe)

trains chalu ahet ka? (sent from Mulund)

what is the status of trains from dadar to ghatkopar?

CST to karjat train chalu hai kya????

we are stuck in fast train near Kalyan for last  30 minutes why it is  not moving beyond Kalyan (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

has it left kalyan? (sent from Shahad)

are trains late today from Ulhasnagar?? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

?? (sent from Ghatkopar)

train r running on time??? (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)

are trains on tym ???

what abt 6.39 badlapur from CST? any update (sent from Dadar Stn.)

8.27 Dadar-Kalyan status? (sent from Dadar Stn.)

kalva to Dadar chalu hai kya? (sent from Kalva)

 Are they on time from kalyan?  (sent from Vithalwadi Stn.)

who is dadar train status (sent from Lower Parel)

where is the 7:52 csmt fast train  (sent from Badlapur Stn.)

what is status between badlapur to kalyan?? (sent from Bhandup Stn.)

karjat cst train is on time or what? (sent from Vangani Stn.)

is there a water logging at sion or matunga?

what is the current status from Ghatkopar to Kalyan (sent from Ghatkopar)

Is the Dadar station functioning in full capacity? (sent from Vadala Road Stn.)

train are running from Dombivali to thane or not

is any problems  in kurla sion (sent from Dombivli)

What is the status of central railways  (sent from Dativali Stn.)

kurla to dadar ....are trains working? (sent from Mankhurd)

hey what is the status between kurla to Sion? (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

train towards Badlapur status? (sent from Elphinstone Road)

what is the Kalyan to Cst condition (sent from Ambivli Stn.)

what about badlapur trains are they on time? (sent from Vikhroli)

Now i am in kalyan i want to go thane is kalyan to cstm on time?   (sent from Airoli)

what the status of central line 

where (sent from Thane Stn.)

Dombivli to Dadar train running..?

What about Mulund to CST 

where is Badlapur train  (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

are trains working for vikhroli to Thane? (sent from Vikhroli)

what is Currant status of mulund to kalyan  (sent from Mulund Stn.)

is everythng alright st vashind station?

Kalyan line is working?? (sent from Jogeshwari)

what is the status of Thane? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

kasara train kaha pochi?  (sent from Kalyan) 

tu Tiger hai na? (sent from Nahur)

काय?

any update from thane to karjat trains?

train are 20 mins late but there heavy rain at Mumbai. so there will be difficulty for sure? so better way think and then leave from home.  (sent from Badlapur)

are trains working from kalyan to khopoli?  (sent from Jogeshwari)

central line is working?

Vidyavihar since  30mins no slow  train coming towards Thane   .....  update ??? (sent from Vidyavihar Stn.)

अंबरनाथ ते ठाणे लोकल वेळेवर आहे का ? (sent from Ambernath)

central line dooba ki nahi? (sent from Malad Stn.)

Is there any problem between thane to nerul? (sent from Nerul)

what is the status ri8 now

what is the status of trains from csmt to badlapur? (sent from Cst)

what's the local situation between dadar to vidyavihar? (sent from Elphinstone Road Stn.)

from kanjur to dadar?  (sent from Kanjur Marg)

from mumbra to vikhroli are trains running???

London??? (sent from Kopar Stn.)

What's the status of central line (sent from Govandi)

whyy but what's issue (sent from Vile Parle)

w r khopoli train? (sent from Mulund Stn.)

trains on time? (sent from Vidyavihar Stn.)

What was problem 

what about kurla guys ? (sent from Mankhurd)

CST Thane 8:18 slow. status? (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)

can anyone pls tell are the trains running properly to cst?  (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

barish चालू rahega to रेल्वे staff ko job pe jana jaruri hai kya??? 

what is train status between khopoli to Kalyan (sent from Khopoli Stn.)

what is status of trains from CST to ambernath or Badlapur

what is stetus for ambarnarh ,cst train s

where is Karjat train?? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

diva to Byculla....?

dadar ते thane चालू आहे का??? (sent from Matunga Road)

where is 2:19 fast train (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

trains wrkinh?

what s problem (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)

Thane Kalyan status?

what is central Railway status? (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)

any updates about mail trains ?

what about express to Pune from kalyan (sent from Ambernath Stn.)

Dadar se thane train chalu hai ?? (sent from Jogeshwari Stn.)

what the platform of Ten express in thane station (sent from Thane Stn.)

What about Harbour line status? (sent from Byculla Stn.)

thane cst trains are running? 

are all slow trains canceled towards dadar? (sent from Nahur)

3.50 cst fast where it reach now? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

what is trains status now in kurla towards kyn? (sent from Kurla)

is it possible to go from Curry road to Ghatkopar? (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)

mega block ?? (sent from Kalva Stn.)

Ghatkopar me bhav vadapav chalu ha kyaa? 

train status thane-ghatkopar?

central line trains working?? (sent from Chunabhatti)

is there water logged in sion?? (sent from Thane Stn.)

water logging Sion stn la aahe Ka? (sent from Nahur)

Thane to down Badlapur... Kalyan...trains status please??? (sent from Mulund)

kalwa mein paani bhaara h Kya? (sent from Dombivli)

is central line trains are running on schedule?

8 to 8:15 trains left from kanjurmarg did it reach cst ? 

where is thane local (sent from Vithalwadi Stn.)

Thane cst trains ok? (sent from Thane Stn.)

is trains are on time or delayed? (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)

are central lines working?  (sent from Matunga Stn.)

which news  (sent from Dombivli)

what abt 6-18 fast from Dombivli (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

are trains on time? (sent from Thane Stn.)

what is the status  (sent from Cst Stn.)

status of thane to dadar line?! (sent from Ghansoli Stn.)

what about thane to ulhasnagar?

trains chal rhi hai kya from ulhasnagar? (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)

status of train from csmt to karjat??? (sent from Cst)

ghatkopar cst trains on time? (sent from Vikhroli)

kurla to ghatkopar ?

where are 7.21 (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

is there any problem with central line ?

 what's train status??? (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)

can someone update what is the issue ? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

what is train status from Badlapur

how about asangaon fast (sent from Byculla Stn.)

is there water logging in Sion (sent from Mulund)

what about kurla line

thank you Dinesh...at what time left from Kalyan station (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)

is central local working fm kurla? (sent from Chunabhatti)

are the central trains running ? (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)

What about Dombivli? (sent from Dombivli)

Where is 15 car train at present ? (sent from Nahur Stn.)

titwala thane train nikli titwala se ? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

Are trains running on Western line?

any updates for Dadar to ambernath?? (sent from Borivali)

any update for trains from kalyak to cst?

Is 5:18 train from kasara to CSMT cancelled?

is central line working or not

what is the position 

what is train situation from dadar to thane

ulhasnagar tak train chal rahi hai kya?

what is the situation in Vidya Vihar?? (sent from Kopar)

trains are runnig or not in central line ? pls frinds ans 

sion-kurla water logging zalay Ka???

we have Herts that's why the situation under control (sent from Thane Stn.)

thane to kalyan train chalu hai kai? (sent from Airoli Stn.)

sion ke aage train he kya? (sent from Mulund Stn.)

what is status of 5:17 cstm train from kasara

Kalyan to Thane train running in time?  (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

what about down train (sent from Dadar Stn.)

where is kasara train (sent from Asangaon)

trains from cst to ambernath are running? (sent from Reay Road Stn.)

Shahad to cst train are running on time?  (sent from Shahad Stn.)

where is kasara fast local plz tell me (sent from Thane)

what about badlapur to cst fast trains..?  (sent from Badlapur)

what is the status at Parel? (sent from Kharghar Stn.)

wat is d status for asangaon to thane?

trains for thane from cst?

are karjat to ghatkopar train running? (sent from Khopoli Stn.)

where is 11.35 karjat fast  (sent from Kurla Stn.)

what exactly happened?

what is the status of 9:45 khopoli train from lowjee

what is train status naw central line (sent from Thakurli Stn.)

hello.. what's the train status CST to Thane?

Badlapur train is going on? (sent from Vikhroli)

r trains running from thane to vashi?? (sent from Kalyan)

Trains to karjat hai chalu?

trains time pe hai ya any issue? (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)

what is the status cst to Thane train  (sent from Cst Stn.)

badlapure station pe pani bhara he Kay???  (sent from Virar Stn.)

bhai 9:47 me buhat time para hai tension mat karo time pe aa jayegi ;)

are trains working at dadar to sion?

How can we get updates about Express Trains         (Mumbai pune)      ?? (sent from Santa Cruz Stn.)

any problem at central line? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

Trains r running properly from Thane ? please reply (sent from Thane Stn.)

is there water logging at dadar and sion station

is there any chance to flooding today train on time or not (sent from Mumbra)  (sent from Mumbra Stn.)

where is 10.06 kalyan bound local ??

where is khopoli train ?

trains chalu hai ? (sent from Nahur)

What's the status of trains towards asangaon (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)

Are  trains running on time ?? CR  (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)

Trains chalu hai kya? (sent from Thane)

Hello anyone traveling from mumbra ??? please update

9.13 vithalvadi to CST? (sent from Vithalwadi)

any update abt khopoli fast local??  (sent from Dadar Stn.)

from thane to kyn status plzz????

what is the status from thane to kalyan 

what the status of central line toward thane (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)

What is the current status of local towards CST

what update d'you need (sent from Thane Stn.)

what happened in bhandup (sent from Bhandup Stn.)

what about thane to Cst

what about radar to Kaplan trains ??

dadar to thane train's are working or not

cst to kalyan/khopoli/kasara working or not

is there megabloks between Wadala to panvel

train from Thane to dadar is running fine??

is train running from kalwa? 

kider bhi koi issue hai central line pe?

what's the update on the ulhasnagar station? Is any train running towards CST? 

jaau kya? (sent from Mulund)

badlapur  to kalyan bhetel ka jay la? (sent from Badlapur)

train status ? (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)

ha Bhai bohat bhuk lagi hai  (sent from Mulund)

thane kalwa working??

is there water logging at Sion matunga

Remya Venkatkrishnan   I mean to say if der s delay Dan it shud b 20-30 mins but der s some 1 who mentioned 10:51 took CST from badlapur n reached now almost 3 hrs late  (sent from Vikhroli)

what status between dadar to kalyan (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

bhai Ghansoli jaana h trains h kya? (sent from Vile Parle)

is there route is clear from Kalyan to vashi ??

 kalyan to asangaon train running or not? 

what about Thane to Kalyan? 

thane to kalyan chalu aahe? 

thane-titwala trains running or not??

Ambernath to thane ky update h?? (sent from Ambernath)

!?

what the status in kurla ? (sent from Vithalwadi)

khopoli? (sent from Dadar Stn.)

train r running? from ambarnath to cst (sent from Ambernath)

don't know my mom got the news?? not sure bout it

what is status for kalyan (sent from Kalyan)

What is situation of local train traffic from Thane to Mumbai Central via Dadar? (sent from Mulund Stn.)

Kasara line?

Kalyan to CSTM on time? (sent from Kalyan)

where is khopoli (sent from Badlapur Stn.)

what about Borivali to vasai (sent from Jogeshwari)

 Are trains on time today from badlapur to cst? 

what about khopoli 7:15 am (sent from Badlapur Stn.)

is there karjat passenger tomorrow 

is there a mega block today ? (sent from Nahur Stn.)

are the trains shut? (sent from Elphinstone Road Stn.)

what is status of trains from kasara to Mumbai?  (sent from Khadavli Stn.)

where might b kasara local 

Dadar to Kalyan train service working??? (sent from Grant Road Stn.)

 train started from Karjat to Badlapur?

is 6:46 cst on time? (sent from Thane)

0729 am Karjat local at Thane which platform no? (sent from Kalva)

from thane to CST??  (sent from Ghansoli)

took 4 hrs from kalyan to CSMT. started at 10am. is it signal problem? (sent from Cst Stn.)

why train stop near kalwa station  (sent from Kalva)

what about Dombivali Dadar (sent from Dombivli)

arey Prashant wo bahar k bahar anda pav ka stall laga hai kya?? (sent from Thane Stn.)

what about after kurla

what is status  from c s.t to ghatkoper (sent from Cst Stn.)

cst to thane Train status?? (sent from Vadala Road Stn.)

what is status of train running

vikroli To Ghatkopar? train Working? (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)

r train running ok? (sent from Mulund)

r trains r late from kurla? (sent from Kurla Stn.)

plzz update the status of 6:26 which is from amb (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

Thinking of going to office for some urgent work.. what is the situation between Matunga and Ghatkopar? (sent from Vadala Road Stn.)

10 _15 min late..?1 person fell down at mulund (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

Central Line good....? (sent from Titwala Stn.)

Karla to Kanjurmarg shuru hai Kya? (sent from Mankhurd Stn.)

unable to decide whether to start or not? (sent from Badlapur Stn.)

what about 9.31 thane train..? (sent from Thakurli Stn.)

from Ghatkoper to Kalyan... what is the train status 

kalyan to cst?  (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

ghatkopar to cst train ka kya situation he ?

Badlapur slow to Thane nighali ka??? (sent from Ambernath Stn.)

Way is a status of vithalwadi station? (sent from Vithalwadi)

any info about water logging? (sent from Thakurli)

kalyan se thane chalu he ?

central line train proper working? (sent from Ghatkopar)

trains are on time from Ulhasnagar to CST? (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)

Trains working normally? (sent from Khandeshwar)

trains r running on time ?

trains from kurla to dadar are ok...?? (sent from Tilak Nagar)

what is the status of 7:44 Dombivli from Kurla? (sent from Kurla Stn.)

Nahur to thane train status? (sent from Nahur Stn.)

whats the issue today? (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

what is the status of trains on central line??? (sent from Sion Stn.)

any problem @Badlapur??  (sent from Thane Stn.)

badlapur- thane? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

what us the status of train from thane to kalyan  (sent from Ghansoli)

raining heavily in sion n kurla? (sent from Shahad)

Mumbra to thane ka kya update hai? pls batao (sent from Airoli)

kalyan cst train chalu aahe ka,?

trains are working? (sent from Thane)

thane to sion train working????

what is the status between cst to chinchpokli (sent from Churchgate Stn.)

what's the status of central line? Please inform 

asangaon kasara train are working or not

how are trains running between kanjurmarg and Ghatkopar

what is todays news (sent from Bandra)

what train status from dombivali (sent from Thakurli)

what is the issue regarding the over head wire at vithalwadi (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

cst fast from kyn where it is? 

ullhasnagar jane ke liye status kya hai???

thane to vashi are runnig or not ? (sent from Thane)

towards cst status?  (sent from Thane)

what is the status of kasarA train

are trains from Dombivli on time ? (sent from Dombivli)

any water clogging near Sion Matunga? (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)

kalyan to Badlapur locals running? (sent from Vidyavihar Stn.)

tell me wht about thane to panvel?  (sent from Shahad Stn.)

is there central line working?  (sent from Diva Jn)

are trains on time towards diva?   (sent from Vidyavihar Stn.)

what is train status from dadar to thane?? (sent from Bhayander)

which train is vidhyavihar St 

where is 3:38 fast local for cst (sent from Vithalwadi Stn.)

where is cst to karjat now? (sent from Nahur Stn.)

arrived?  (sent from Thane)

5:33 CSMT-Khopoli Fast departed from CST?

trains r on time ?  please confirm

what's the status of ghatkoper (sent from Badlapur)

what is d status of central line (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

what is the train status  (sent from Kopar)

anyone aware about6:51 from thane?? (sent from Thane Stn.)

Are you sure? (sent from Shahad)

trains available at ambernath??

what about cstm badlapur is it on time? (sent from Bhandup Stn.)

what's local train status now

what about Thane to CSMT fast local...?

what is the status of train in central line (sent from Vithalwadi)

people don't what happened. call 138 and take the information 

where is 12.55 kalyan 15 car

whAt is position (sent from Dombivli)

8.03 Thane karjat arrived at Thane ? (sent from Vithalwadi Stn.)

what the status from ambernath to kalyan (sent from Ambernath)

what is a status of central line? (sent from Khar Road Stn.)

any idea? (sent from Nahur)

Sion Status Anyone?

kalyan to mulund train status ?

slow for thane??? (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

status for karjat???? train  (sent from Chembur Stn.)

are trains on time or delay???

 what about nahur to cst??  (sent from Airoli)

are trains running towards CST from kalyan? (sent from Kalyan)

are trains on time? (sent from Santa Cruz Stn.)

what about centre line  (sent from Bhayander Stn.)

Sion? (sent from Nahur Stn.)

what about Karjat train (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

kholo ki train nikala kya from cst ?? (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)

ye kab tak khatam hoga time koi Bata Sakta hai?

where is the karjat fast  train(8:03pm) (sent from Dadar Stn.)

In how much time ? (sent from Mulund Stn.)

what is the st5of shahad  (sent from Shahad Stn.)

kurla to bhandup? chalu hai? (sent from Belapur Cbd Stn.)

karjat  train  halu hai kya from thane?

status of Dombivali to Thane ? (sent from Kopar)

what is status of ambernath to cst train (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

करि रोड जवळ का गाडी थांबली? (sent from Elphinstone Road Stn.)

what is t status of badlapur Karjat train?

what's problem central line  (sent from Thakurli)

5:32 ki kasara hai but is it on time?  (sent from Ghansoli Stn.)

dq hai Kya ? poona ke liye

what's the status from thane (sent from Nerul Stn.)

any news about waterlogging??

is thane to kalyan train working?

thane to bhandup train chalu ahe ka?

thane to badlapur ? (sent from Koparkhairne Stn.)

where is Titwala (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

plz tell what is the status of 5 : 52 खोपोली from कल्याण 

what is matter of train..pls tell  (sent from Nahur)

where is Titwala (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

train to cst are on time or late..? 

ambernath to cst train chal rahi hai kya? 

thanks to all who are answering peoples query... (sent from Bhayander)

y trains are too late ? (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)

what is time from kurla to dadar (sent from Kurla Stn.)

central line closed or not

what about Thane to Kurla trains?? (sent from Vidyavihar)

konsi trains?

is trains are on time??? (sent from Dativali)

 is there anyone who could update the status of central line  (sent from Masjid Stn.)

thane to kalyan chalu hai kya? (sent from Nahur Stn.)

kanjurmag to Kalyan train chalu hai kya?

any idea when Dadar fast 10.08 will come? (sent from Dadar Stn.)

thakurli se csmt slow train chalu hai kya ? (sent from Thakurli)

what about karjat train (sent from Elphinstone Road Stn.)

hello train from Dombivali to cst is it on time?

 how is the train. timing towards cst (sent from Bhandup)

subha sare char baje kanjur se dadar janeka train hai?

train sttus today?? (sent from Kopar Stn.)

those who r travelling to cst take churchgate from dadar...coz trains are haulted back to back in kurla (sent from Sion Stn.)

where is local train

kela khayega kya kele? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

please can anyone tell me the status of Kurla to curry road ?? (sent from Nerul Stn.)

kalyan to cst locals are on time now?  (sent from Shahad)

12pm slow cst from balapur late he ky??

dadar to CST chalu hai Kay?? (sent from Kandivali Stn.)

why the 7.43 badlapur stopped??

Thane to Ambernath trains chalu hai? 

are trains working from Thane to CST ? (sent from Kopar)

trains running on time or not ?? pls. reply

central trains status??  (sent from Thane)

are trains running normally now? 

is there any problem between Kalyan to Dadar. ..? (sent from Thakurli Stn.)

what is the status of kasara train.  I'm waiting at Shahad...   (sent from Shahad Stn.)

what about trains from Badlapur (sent from Badlapur)

what abt trains towards thane (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)

what is status of train (sent from Mumbra)

train is working ?

where is 5.31 Asangaon from Kalyan  (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

what are the train status on central ? (sent from Koparkhairne)

is indrany is running today

Western line got stuck.. what is the status of central line (sent from Elphinstone Road Stn.)

central line working fine? (sent from Vidyavihar Stn.)

parel to kanjurmarg? (sent from Lower Parel)

what is problem in slow track (sent from Mulund)

ohh how much (sent from Badlapur Stn.)

Thane - Vashi ??? (sent from Vithalwadi)

?????

is Thier any issue between Mulund to thane?  train halted from 15mins before thane (sent from Thane)

trains running towards Kalyan..? (sent from Ghansoli)

There is no Fast local between Thane CSMT route that goes on time any day.. Its sad :( (sent from Thane Stn.)

mega block to nahi? (sent from Vikhroli)

dombivali 1:38 kasara csmt fast?  (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

is it train ontime from badlapur to thane? (sent from Badlapur)

cst trains working? (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)

what is statua from kurla to kalya

trains  r working smoothly?

there is any problem in thane? (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)

are trains working from Kalyan?

badlapur from cst?  (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)

any update from masjid station ? (sent from Masjid Stn.)

Kalyan towards Thane trns wrkng ?

are trains running from dadar to vikhroli?  (sent from Khar Road)

can tell anyone what status of train from Mulund to dadar? 

are trains running from vithalwadi to dombivali??? plzz reply to me... (sent from Vithalwadi)

neral trains? (sent from Neral)

what is the status of the train 

dadar to MUMBRA what is the status (sent from Jogeshwari)

what about cst train (sent from Airoli Stn.)

byculla to ghatkopar status plz..?  (sent from Vidyavihar)

tell me sion ???? (sent from Dadar)

any problem in kalyan to thane route ....? (sent from Kopar)

sure?  (sent from Kanjur Marg)

what is the status of train from dadar to kalyan? (sent from Elphinstone Road)

why train is late

status of cst to karjat train??? (sent from Byculla Stn.)

status in kalyan to ulhasnager? (sent from Kalyan)

thane trains on time? (sent from Kharghar Stn.)

train r working on tym?? (sent from Mira Road)

karjat train status? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

train status from Kalyan? (sent from Thakurli Stn.)

fast train halted for more than 30 mins between sion matunga any problems ahead? (sent from Kings Circle Stn.)

are trains runninh on time? from amb to cst?  (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

csmt to badlapur any update .? (sent from Churchgate Stn.)

what is the status for 8:42 train dadr ambernath (sent from Currey Road)

 what happened between nahur and mulund

is train on time????

is train runing from cst to Kalyan on time??? (sent from Byculla Stn.)

what is a status of trains (sent from Elphinstone Road)

is it running late? (sent from Badlapur)

what time megablock at central rl (sent from Thakurli Stn.)

what's the status from Kalyan?  (sent from Vithalwadi Stn.)

so slow trains late by 39 min??

what is train status from Titvala to cst

why the trains are late (sent from Ambernath Stn.)

ambernath train chalu hai? (sent from Mahim Jn Stn.)

what's the status of mumbra?? 

what is the train situation now pls confirm (sent from Cst Stn.)

train chalu hai from kalyan  to badlapur??? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

what's the condition of Kurla station...?? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

दादर to अंबरणाथ ट्रेन चालु आहेत का? (sent from Vile Parle)

are trains running from Badlapur? (sent from Badlapur)

where is badlapur train now (sent from Ambernath Stn.)

where is the khopoli train in which (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)

bhai are trains running between Kurla and curry road ? (sent from Nerul Stn.)

what status central trak (sent from Kopar Stn.)

and from towards Dombivali.?  (sent from Nahur)

badlapur Thane line any updates?????

any updates for khopoli train?  (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

what about byculla to badlapur (sent from Chinchpokli Stn.)

had to go to vikroli from Ambernath.. anyone knows status of trains from Ambernath onwards?

are trains running fine between Kalyan and Thane?

What Abt cst train (sent from Vithalwadi)

for thane Its working ? (sent from Matunga Road)

dombivali te bhandup trains neat ahet ka? (sent from Dombivli)

Kurla to CST train status?? (sent from Koparkhairne)

trains from Currey road to Dombivli? (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)

Asngaon kasara trains are available?  (sent from Thane)

karjat cst ?? Dombivli 6:51 late or on time ?? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

what is the status of local trains  (sent from Shahad)

kanjur to dombivli train ahet ka? 

dadar k aage train nahi hai kya on central line? (sent from Mulund Stn.)

status of trains towards Kalyan?

kasara to kalyan chal raha hey kya normal?? (sent from Churchgate Stn.)

Harbour line working properly? (sent from Borivali)

are trains on time on thane kalyan route? its raining heavily (sent from Vasind)

thane mei ..kuch hua kya ?

are trains running?  (sent from Mulund Stn.)

status.?? (sent from Mulund)

what's the status of train  (sent from Ghansoli)

where reached titwala train 6:46(sent from curryroad stn) (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)

what is the status for trains towards CSMT from Kalyan

is train running to thane from Ambernath?

what is status of kalyan train (sent from Mumbra Stn.)

 what about kasara train please update  (sent from Cst Stn.)

ulahasnagar train are working or not 

wht is d current situation at kalyan stn? (sent from Kalyan)

what is the status between thane to csmt?

assangaon right time h?

what is the condition of virar station? is transportation available till station? how about water logging? 

kuch kaam k nai h train chat m indicator mai

trains from thane to ambernath are working? (sent from Nerul Stn.)

karjat cst 3.27 pm where is it  (sent from Badlapur Stn.)

what time is left from station (sent from Mulund Stn.)

where is the thane train..7:01 (sent from Titwala Stn.)

Bhandup to Ghatkopar - is there any train issue ? (sent from Bhandup Stn.)

dombiwali to thane slow track status? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

Parel to thane trains are working? (sent from Lower Parel)

train towards CST running on time ? (sent from Thane Stn.)

can u tell me current status about train is going now or still issue is there? (sent from Dombivli)

trains running from dadar to Thane? 

central railway status..?? (sent from Mulund)

is  train problem solved?? (sent from Ghatkopar)

ghatkopar to badlapur trains are runing? (sent from Jogeshwari)

is there a problem for slow train near kurla (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

cst-thane train?? (sent from Masjid Stn.)

Dombivli to CST ??

curry road to thane running? (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)

central line is working? (sent from Vile Parle)

What is the status of Thane to Vashi trains?  (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)

hii latest train status? (sent from Chunabhatti)

what about train in central line delay or stop (sent from Goregaon Stn.)

Ghatkopar to CST train started or not

what is scheduled of badlapur train

trains are running? (sent from Belapur Cbd Stn.)

Kasara to CST is running ontime ?

thane to kurla?

very heavy rain in dombivli region, what is the status of CR right now. (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

Karjat train koi Nikli kya?

what's the update  (sent from Dativali)

train running some what late (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

which type job

where is last train for CSTM?? (sent from Thakurli Stn.)

what 

what status of central line (sent from Dockyard Road Stn.)

trains from thane to ghatkoper rae running? 

are trains working downwards from Thane?

cst to ghatkooar chalu ahe ka? (sent from Byculla Stn.)

konsa fatak open hai ?? (sent from Kalva Stn.)

will someone answer? (sent from Kalva Stn.)

Kasara aur asangaon ke beech train chalu hai kya???

trains for kalayan??? (sent from Elphinstone Road)

Thane to Titwala train chalu hai kya? (sent from Vashi)

where is last train

what is status of trains from Thane?

you need to find it in harbor line chat (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

central line me trains block ha kya ?? (sent from Gtb Nagar Stn.)

what is the status central railway (sent from Vashi Stn.)

Ambernath Jane train hai ?? (sent from Vidyavihar Stn.)

pls what a status of local train  (sent from Vithalwadi Stn.)

central line chalu hai Kya???

Kurla to csmt status kya hai ??? (sent from Chembur Stn.)

what is problem 

karjat train ahe la? (sent from Badlapur Stn.)

is trains working from dadar towards diva? (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)

Badlapur chalu ahe ka..? (sent from Kurla Stn.)

is any of the station flooded at mumbai side ahead to thane (sent from Dombivli)

what is the  status of train for karat  (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

titwala te kalyan train ahet ka..?

dadar to thane train is running.? (sent from Matunga Road Stn.)

you left ?

what's d situation at neral side? is it raing there? (sent from Nalla Sopara)

ट्रेन वेळेवर आहेत का..?? (sent from Khar Road Stn.)

Dombivali to Thane ?? (sent from Dombivli)

trains are running for khopoli?? (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

badlapur >>Csmt late or what (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)

are trains of central railway dalayed today?? (sent from Malad)

is Kasara train on time?  (sent from Kalva)

any Central line update ?? (sent from Ghansoli Stn.)

what about Karjat to csmt  (sent from Neral)

 someone pls tell me Dombivali to dadar trains working or not

kalyan to cat trains are running or not?

what is latest update from cst (sent from Cst Stn.)

is it  overcrowded???   (sent from Nahur)

1:26at dadar karjat now where is (sent from Bandra Stn.)

 is there megablock tomorrow? (sent from Shahad)

Thane to CST trains running properly? (sent from Thane)

why only Titwala side local Trains can't run on time.. waiting at Kalyan station.. (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

6:9 ambernath train status?? (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

6.30 train at dadar? (sent from Kurla Stn.)

vikhroli to ghatkopar trains there?

9:33 karjat fast ..from Byculla stopped between Dadar and kurla.. can anyone say why.  (sent from Chunabhatti)

are trains running?? According to zee 24 taas central line is shut!! please update (sent from Thane)

csmt 11.25 F from Thane? status (sent from Thane Stn.)

what a situation of kalyan station....

are trains on time? (sent from Ambernath Stn.)

thane to cst slow chalu h Kya ? (sent from Nerul Stn.)

central line affected hai ky??? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

what is status of kurla to thane (sent from Kurla Stn.)

hello what saying..... (sent from Kurla)

are trains on time from Dombivli?

condition at station ...? (sent from thane stn ( 

kurla to dadar train working ???? (sent from Kurla Stn.)

central line train are running on time from Ghatkopar to thane ???

sion station se  diva station tak   train slow ha kya ?????? (sent from Gtb Nagar Stn.)

Anyone travelled to Vikhroli from Dadar? How much time did it take? (sent from Matunga Stn.)

where are karjat train 

wats d speed? (sent from Kopar)

trains are right time or not? (sent from Bandra Stn.)

status update? 

dombivli to cst?  (sent from Dombivli)

mulund to Vidhyavihar is working na?  (sent from Nahur)

what position of train Kurla to kalyan (sent from Kurla)

khopoli cst train chal rahi hai ? (sent from Khopoli)

train ? (sent from Badlapur Stn.)

cst to vikrohli are train running on time???? (sent from Masjid Stn.)

kasara to Kalyan train chalu he kya?

Gatkopar jan ha when will fast come (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

did you reach kanjurmarg or Vikhroli..? (sent from Churchgate)

what about ambernath to cst ? (sent from Ambernath)

what is the status for CST to Thane (sent from Masjid Stn.)

ulhasnagar janyasathi train chalu aahet ka..??? (sent from Dombivli)

thane to karjat 7:29 what's the status? (sent from Bhandup Stn.)

are the trains working? from Sion to ghatkopar? (sent from Gtb Nagar Stn.)

badlapur se cst ??  (sent from Bhandup)

CR is on time?

what's the problem with slow trains (sent from Bhandup Stn.)

trains in central line beyond Kalyan started or not? (sent from Sandhurst Road)

all trains up to Kalyan running smoothly ?

status of dombivli to ghatkopar?  (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

are cst fast trains running at all?? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

what about expreas train

in which world?... r u in parallel world? (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)

thane se kanjurmarg? any update. (sent from Turbhe Stn.)

where is karjat (sent from Badlapur Stn.)

public jyda hai kya Aaj?? (sent from Kalyan)

is train running from kurla to thane?

Karjat cst ontime ? (sent from Neral Stn.)

kalyan Karjat line chalu hai Kya?  (sent from Thakurli)

any problem at kalyan ??? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

cst chalu ahi ka? (sent from Airoli)

where is the kasara train ? (sent from Thane Stn.)

today runing train byculla to ambivali or not ? (sent from Chinchpokli Stn.)

from Kalyan to kasara side is running?

where's 5:18 Dadar local (sent from Sion Stn.)

mulund to dadar trains h? (sent from Parel)

what's condition of trains which are going from kasara to thane (sent from Shahad)

is there any train in dadar... train is stoped before dadar  (sent from Sion Stn.)

thane to dombivali chalu h ? (sent from Thane Stn.)

hi train time pe h kya sr dom to kalyan ke liye ? (sent from Kopar)

dombivili to CST train he Kiya?

karjat se trains time pr hai kya....?????  (sent from Karjat)

kurla to currey road route running or not?

any update why Central line train are runing too slow?? (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)

Train from Thane to CST, are they stick???

Hi Ghatkoper to thane train running..? (sent from Andheri)

are the trains r wrkin central line towards cst? (sent from Thane)

Trains working? (sent from Nahur Stn.)

how much min late it is (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

what is the condition at kalwa

can u tell me whether cst to dombivilli trains r running or not? (sent from Churchgate)

are all trains and inning fine from Vikhroli to Dadar? (sent from Vikhroli)

any update on 9:30 kalyan 15 car ? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

CST to thane is working? (sent from Vadala Road Stn.)

late nahi he na trains..?  (sent from Vidyavihar)

what is train status towards ambarnath (sent from Kurla Stn.)

thane to badlapur train kitna let h? (sent from Badlapur)

time or hai ?

train suru ahet Kay?  (sent from Badlapur Stn.)

what is the current status of central railways,  (sent from Thakurli Stn.)

8.46 PM from badlapur...where is this train right now (sent from Vithalwadi Stn.)

trains running or not? between CST to Karjat?

is there any mega block from thane to vashi (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

what is the status of badlapur cst trn (sent from Kopar)

badalapur to dadar 8.45  roj roj let let ka??? ata diva station aali aahe (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)

is there any problem in central railway? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

i think that mumbai railway should start special train frm kalyan n thane who stay ahead of it...specially in rainy season.. (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

central railway's megha block is over ? (sent from Vithalwadi)

what is the status dadar to thane slow (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)

 paragati express.. ?statua?  (sent from Thane Stn.)

Andheri to Ghatkopar? (sent from Jogeshwari)

is there any megablock for tomorrow in central line  (sent from Badlapur)

are the trains on time?  

y is the train delayed? (sent from Matunga Road Stn.)

where is 7.35 thane train?  (sent from Nahur Stn.)

is the trains gonna stop (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)

BADLAPUR se train chal rahi ya nahi? (sent from Badlapur)

Where is kasara train

are trains running well now?{central line}

where is 6.16 khopoli-cst train?

Are they resolving the problem or not?? (sent from Bhandup)

Kalyan to cst train chalu hai ky?  (sent from Ambernath)

is this train working towards CST ?? (sent from Ghansoli)

is central trains going till Dadar?? (sent from Thane Stn.)

any update on trains from kalyan to cst, are they running on time after the block?  (sent from Kalyan)

train halted between Thane n Kalwa.. Why?? (sent from Kalva Stn.)

Are trains from karjat to CSTM on time? reply pls.

what is the status from vikhroli to CST ?  (sent from Vikhroli)

where is ASANGAON TRAIN. 6:17 @ mulund (sent from Mulund Stn.)

how long? any issues hope trins are running?  (sent from Vithalwadi)

you do job in thane or what  (sent from Vasind)

7.52 karjat  CST Local from Badlapur on which station now (sent from Badlapur)

any idea weather train going from दादर to Thane??  (sent from Marine Lines Stn.)

bandra train ahe ka....? (sent from Kopar Stn.)

Kalyan to Thane locals time pe hai Kya ? (sent from Vithalwadi)

please share central railway status ? (sent from Bhandup)

are trains working from Bhandup to Badlapur? (sent from Nahur)

Kasara train running ? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

what is problem slow local  (sent from Thane)

?? (sent from Kalva Stn.)

why badlapur train isn't arriving at klyn stn (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

batao yaar? 

is the train is running between ambarnath to Thane,if anyone is in train pls update

are trains running between ulhasnagar and thane ? (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)

hi, dadar to thane working? i mean kurla, matunga, sion me water logging to nahi hai na?? pls update  (sent from Virar)

kal central line chalu hai kya??  anu update (sent from Santa Cruz)

where is thane train (sent from Matunga Road Stn.)

कल्याण अंबरनाथ लोकल सुरू आहेत का? (sent from Mumbra Stn.)

hii trains for dombivali are running? (sent from Vashi Stn.)

what are current status of train in central line?

hi what is train status from Thane to dombivli  (sent from Rabale)

byculla to Thane ??? (sent from Byculla Stn.)

?

seriously??  (sent from Kanjur Marg)

what happen in thane

thane Tak koi issue hai? (sent from Andheri Stn.)

any delay? (sent from Rabale)

train status from Badlapur please? 

railway are running on time ? (sent from Thakurli)

??

on time? (sent from Chembur)

 Thank you.  Do we see any water logging? (sent from Bhandup)

is train runinng from dombivli to dadar today? or there is mega block? (sent from Nilje)

chalu he after thane? train? (sent from Kings Circle)

status for trains from Kasara ??

sion train status? 

what is the status of central railway trains?? (sent from Ambernath)

what is d status of central line (sent from Bandra)

What is the problem

are trains working properly from ghatkopar to kalyan?

Are trains working from currey Road to thane?  (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)

what about fast trains from kasara and ambernath to csmt? are they will be on time. train timings 04:57 and 05:04 respectively.!  (sent from Dombivli)

Kalyan - badlapur train chalu hai kya? (sent from Mankhurd)

what about ambernath to dombivali

bhandup to thane is it working train? (sent from Bhandup)

WHAT IS THE STATUS OF FROM KOPAR STATION TO MATUNGA PLS REPLAY IT (sent from Bhiwandi Road)

trains r on time? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

what is train status for central line? (sent from Kalva)

kurla to kalyan ? (sent from Kalyan)

how is the situation in kurla? (sent from Dombivli)

megablock from which stn. to were (sent from Masjid Stn.)

is there any issue on slow line....train is not coming at kanjur marg station (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)

thane to cst trains chalu he ?? (sent from Airoli)

Badlapur to Kalyan Status Please ?

status of trains from Thane to Kalyan? (sent from Thane Stn.)

Mera dost bol raha hai, Central ki fast train 20 mins late hai. Is it true? Late aayega banda college mein. (sent from Matunga Road Stn.)

Are trains on time? (sent from Andheri)

what abt kasara trns  (sent from Khardi)

Dombivali Status??? (sent from Dombivli)

Line clear for kurla to thane?  (sent from Tilak Nagar)

what abt CSMT to thane train?????  (sent from Gtb Nagar)

what about  upadate train from titwala to cst...??guys please  reply... (sent from Titwala)

trains from kalyan to thane..status??

what about Karjat (sent from Thane)

does every train which goes to Karjat stops at Neral ??

where has Titwala CST fast train reached? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

what about 6.51 Thane Badlapur Local?? (sent from Thane Stn.)

why they are doing all this stuff??? (sent from Badlapur)

Kalyan  Ambarnath local train? (sent from Ambernath Stn.)

what about ambernath to thane (sent from Ambernath)

what is status on khadavli station

everybody asks questions on this chat. who answers?

what is status cstm to karjat (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)

please confirm me between Kalyan to karjat train running status? (sent from Belapur Cbd)

tu mahismati ka "bahubali" hai....puch loge se.." me jaa raha hu...kaam pe, mere sath aayega kon..? (sent from Dombivli)

hoax, I myself heard announcements of trains getting cancelled when I was at csmt 30 mins ago (sent from Churchgate)

what is the timing of csmt to vasai road (sent from Chinchpokli Stn.)

I want to know whether Dadar to Dombivali journey can be undertaken or Not? (sent from Matunga Road Stn.)

what is todays train status

status of thane to CST is train stopped?? (sent from Shahad Stn.)

kasara train on time or late? (sent from Elphinstone Road)

central line working?

why??? (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)

trains on time? (sent from Rabale)

what the status of Central line trains between mumbra to kurla

good morning.  was it raining throughout night? (sent from Kalyan)

are trains working from CST ? (sent from Marine Lines Stn.)

what about western track from vivar to dadar?

what is the status of train from byculla to kalyan (sent from Byculla)

what's the situation of dadar to badlapur train 

5.55 ki ambernath fast? (sent from Vithalwadi)

what's status karjat

Hi what is train status towards cst

anyone at thane? CST fast arrived? (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

who is local train (sent from Ambernath)

is there any train for dadar  (sent from Dadar Stn.)

What's the status from Sion to Churchgate (sent from Chunabhatti Stn.)

where is karjat train (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)

All central Local train are 10 To 20 min late... but some local are on time.... To central railway mangement plz Increase Motorman and Guard... It's lack of motormen that what local be late (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

I wanted to sleep more. why are the trains running smoothly 😭😭😭😭 (sent from Thane)

Dadar to Thane fast and slow working or not???

where the Badlapur Thane  train has reached? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

where is dombivali train  (sent from Dadar Stn.)

Kalyan to Badlapur trains are available or not.    ??

hii i m ar Dom stn where is the 11:58 cstm fast train (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

before post , please read previous post , from that also you will get information which you looking for

where is kalyan fast reached.?? (sent from Dadar Stn.)

trains are on time ? (sent from Kalyan)

what is the status for CST trains from Dombivli? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

guys anyone know the status of Metro. are they running fine. ? (sent from Kalva)

what's the current status (sent from Vikhroli)

what's the train status traveling from Thane to dadar (sent from Thane)

MUMBRA?

cst to dombivali trains r working? (sent from Grant Road Stn.)

today also trains are going let ?? (sent from Badlapur)

what about fast train too cst (sent from Chunabhatti)

dadar to Kalyan trains hai Kya?? (sent from Dadar)

Are trains towards Thane running on time at Dadar?

kalyan to Badlapur locals running? (Sent from Kurla stn) (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

train' r working?

kalyan ke liye train hai ghatkoper se? (sent from Govandi)

trains status?  (sent from Dombivli)

Kalyan fast?? (sent from Thane Stn.)

trains running on time towards thane?? (sent from Bhandup Stn.)

titwala train is going on time  ? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

dombivali to thane trains are running or not

central line ka Kya haal Hai?

CST TO KALYAN ?? whats the status ?? Should i catch train or stay at home ???????? (sent from Sandhurst Road)

wht is the status for kalyan to cst  ??

uptill CST they are okay?? (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)

what is the situation in central line? Are trains running on time

what about Western railway???? (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)

status of train from CST to Thane?

badlapur - CSMT train running????

dadar to mulund trains are working?  (sent from Dadar)

Dombivali to Thane train status plz??

is train running from Ghatkopar to Dadar? (sent from Mulund)

fast kurla to domb chalu hai kya ? (sent from Seawood Darave Stn.)

what is status of asangaon train

 is there any issue due to bandh

Ambernath Railway station..pls.update?? 

are trains running on time from Thane to cst? 

dadar to cst is train working? please reply... 

is there water logging at dadar station ?

aaj central railway ka mega blocks kanhase kanha hai ? (sent from Mira Road Stn.)

should i go to cst??? (sent from Karjat)

waterlogging huva hain kya track pe ? (sent from Sewri)

diva vasai update? (sent from Neral Stn.)

fast trains chalu h? 

what u doin in central line?  (sent from Nalla Sopara)

vasai to diwa status??  (sent from Virar)

8.06 khopoli from Mulund train status ? (sent from Mulund Stn.)

what is the issue can anyone let me know (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

khopoli?????

is their any problem at thane?? (sent from Airoli Stn.)

are trains running from Kurla to Dadar? (sent from Govandi Stn.)

what about Ambernath - Thane/ CSTM?

I have to travel from Vikhroli to Thane around 10 am, Will i be getting train or should look for some alternatives? (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)

are trains running from nahur to CST?? (sent from Nahur Stn.)

12:53 fast local from Kalyan is on time? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

hows trains are running??

train are on time?????

what is the status at kurla..???

thane trains have been stopped???  (sent from Elphinstone Road Stn.)

what about Kasara to CST (sent from Shahad)

are train running on time from Dombivli?? (sent from Dombivli)
