first class fare from ghatkopar to dombivali ? (sent from Ghatkopar)
?? (sent from Ghatkopar)
trains are running properly or there is water logging nywhere??? ( sent from shahad stn ) (sent from Shahad)
train running btvn thane mumbra ?
same 2 you ,are thane mumbra train on time ?
7:15, thane? (sent from Badlapur)
when is next train for kopar vasai (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
bhusawal express is on time? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
on which platform it ll halt (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
what is the right time.is it in right time (sent from Kalyan)
is the khopoli train of 7:54 delayed??? from.ghatkopar (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
Dahanu road - Diva ki train chalu hai kya ? (sent from Dahisar Stn.)
Railway must take strict action against people who stand on door and close halfway and don't allow people to use the door for getting in or out (sent from Dombivli)
7.58 left frm Thane?  (sent from Mulund Stn.)
kasara Local time from ambivali  ? 
trains working fine right ? (sent from Nahur)
train on time? (sent from Shahad)
Dombivli8:22 khopoli fast train status ??? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
please tell me where is the khopoli train.? (sent from Kalyan)
Please, Tell e Where is the Deccan Express..??
are trains on time from badlapur ??? (sent from Badlapur Stn.)
Kindly note again... Central line is 5 to 10 mins... late some local are  on time... No issue Any where  (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
is it raining in thanw side? or clear weather (sent from Badlapur)
8.29 fast badlapur status? (sent from Bhandup Stn.)
where is udyan express (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
Kalyan 8.50 which time expect dombivali (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
where is karjat local ?
are trains on time on central railway?
what about trains towards asangoan (sent from Shahad)
is there heavy rain badlapur side (sent from Grant Road Stn.)
are trains on time? (sent from Shahad)
Trains towards karjat are on time or delay???? (sent from Badlapur)
In monsoon 5 new train as in service due.. the water has enter the engine.... That why Central railway mangement.. brought old 5 local on track.. to Mange time table and Give service to passengers  (sent from Dadar Stn.)
last local from dadar to vikhroli?
where is fast train of ambernath (sent from Byculla Stn.)
where  is fast train 10:15 (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)
where is fast train karjat 10:11 (sent from Ambernath Stn.)
from. where (sent from Mumbai Central Stn.)
are trains at time?  ulhasnagar to cst?  (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
where is 10.32 fast train (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
10:42 badlapur cst fast ka status kya hai?  (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
is kasara to cstms line working?
where is badlapur CST
where is 10:42 badlapur CST (sent from Titwala)
diva jn se turbhe ke liye train kitne baje ki h..??  
diva jn se turbhe ke liye train kitne baje ki h..??  
How can I go kharghar from ulhasnagar (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
what is the status of 10:51 from ambernath to csmt fast??
where is kasara train?  (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
badlapur CST is where (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
I want to know all train running on schedule time or delay?? (sent from Vithalwadi)
what is current status of trains ?  (sent from Badlapur Stn.)
is trains are on time or not ? (sent from Badlapur Stn.)
what is the status of karjat trains (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)
why the trains are late towards cst?  (sent from Kurla Stn.)
11:46 15 car fast train towards CST from kalyan status? (sent from Thane)
11:58 cst kidhar hai???? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
why these fast are always late..im for CST fast at thanne for 11.44 am train
any one knows current location of train?? (sent from Thane Stn.)
where is 12.22 kasara??  (sent from Mulund Stn.)
kiti late?  (sent from Badlapur)
kasara train on time or late? (sent from Elphinstone Road)
anyone? (sent from Elphinstone Road)
or what (sent from Ambernath Stn.)
khopoli on time????? (sent from Nahur Stn.)
train chalu aahe ka? (sent from Kalva Stn.)
airport saathi kontya station var utraych?
is 12.01 karjat cst running on time ??? 
why train is not moving (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
is any prob near ghatkpar in fast track towards vikroli (sent from Ghatkopar)
what's problem on fast track towards thane (sent from Ghatkopar)
any problem is there or what??  (sent from Kopar)
any one know what is the problem between ghatkopar and vikroli Central line locals are stopped one by one  (sent from Ghatkopar)
fast track problem ahe ka? (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
wl get cleared or not? (sent from Ghatkopar)
y kasara train has stopped??  (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
What about the trains towards kasara from cstm tomorrow on megablock  (sent from Mira Road)
towards kalyan from ghatkopar on time?
Gadi kuthe pohochli? (sent from Badlapur)
Kasara train status? crossed Nahur? (sent from Mulund Stn.)
What is the status  of Panvel Vasai train?? at what time it will reach at Kopar?? (sent from Rabale)
1.15 kasara from thane train status???? (sent from Thane Stn.)
Karjat CST trains status? (sent from Andheri Stn.)
which train?  (sent from Badlapur)
KP..?? (sent from Badlapur Stn.)
tommorow Mega Block Is there in central?? (sent from ghatkopar)  (sent from Mulund)
where has Kasara train reached?  (sent from Badlapur)
is kasara 🚆 on time,,??? (sent from Thane Stn.)
where is kasara train now... (sent from Shahad Stn.)
where Kasara train reached now?  (sent from Badlapur)
where the kasara train reach now? (sent from Titwala Stn.)
where is 2:19 fast train (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
where is Kasara train now?  (sent from Badlapur)
Kasara trains are on time or not
where is (ghatkoper) 2:40 train CST fast now? (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)
where in khopoli train now  (sent from Palasdhari Stn.)
what is the train status from kurla down line (sent from Govandi Stn.)
where in khopoli train now  (sent from Palasdhari Stn.)
agar ghatkopar se koi bhi train pakdun, thane par utarne ko milega na?
csmt se Karjat train has left or not? (sent from Byculla Stn.)
is there any problems with trains from thane to Kalyan ?
is there any mega block tomorrow between Kalyan to Kannur?
ambarnath train is late or not??  (sent from Nahur)
are fast trains running late from Badlapur to CST? any updates (sent from Shahad Stn.)
are trains on time frm dombivli stn ??  (sent from Kalyan)
train status frm dombivli to byculla ?  (sent from Kalyan)
trains to thane are on time? anybody on platform 1 kurla  update please?
where was the transarharbour line (sent from Thane Stn.)
madgoan to ajni which is arryawl time
Train's are running properly? (sent from Vasai Road)
is 4:34 badlapur fast on time which will halt at bhandup
where s 5.12 karjat (sent from Badlapur)
Andheri to Virar will be running na?
megablock on  tomorrow...? (sent from Shahad)
megablock on  tomorrow...? if it will be how many timing it is..? (sent from Shahad)
where is titwala cst semi fast right now (sent from Mumbra Stn.)
is there any problem (sent from Sion Stn.)
Mega block News? (sent from Thakurli)
details of mega block on 15th? (sent from Nahur)
5:31.. badlapur cst train kaha he?? late he??
what is status of line running towards Asangaon / Kasara
where is karjat train (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)
what about local train 4.49 from Neral (sent from Neral Stn.)
is there megablock on Central line on 15 July? (sent from Ambernath)
Are Badlapur side trains on time? 
Trains are running ok from ambernath to thane? please tell 
is there any problem.between kalyan to badlapur?
where is the asangaon train 
is there Dadar local available now ..? (sent from Nahur)
vidharbha express expect time pleas? (sent from Vithalwadi)
is there any block tomorrow Thane to Neral (sent from Panvel Stn.)
guys cstm local is on time?? (sent from Vithalwadi)
what about panvel dhanu passenger ?
7.28 kasara from kalyan status ?? (sent from Titwala Stn.)
are trains going towards kasara are on time? (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)
kal megablock hai kya? (sent from Vashi)
any problem in kalyan for ambarnath local?
vidharbha exp. kalyan main aagai kya? (sent from Kalyan)
pushpak express kalyan made pohchli ki nahi...?
where is Kasara any update plz (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
kaha??? 
is there mega block tomorrow at Central 
8.19 from klyan current location??? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
8.5 fast local from ambernath current location??? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
From which platform of Mumbai central... Golden Temple express will depart?  (sent from Vile Parle)
is there mega block from Badlapur to Thane tomorrow? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
what is the reasons for empty local (sent from Kalyan)
when is khopoli local arriving at dadar (sent from Dadar Stn.)
8.46 PM from badlapur...where is this train right now (sent from Vithalwadi Stn.)
why trains are late (sent from Badlapur Stn.)
I hv to go bandra from dombivali, plz suggest me ,which train I hv to choose (sent from Nilje)
what is the mega block window for tomorrow 15th jul
what is the mega block window for tomorrow 15th jul
what about 10 02 kalyan fast (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)
Is there megablock tomorrow (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
 is there megablock tomorrow? (sent from Shahad)
kal  magablock hai keya central line pr? (sent from Mumbra)
is there mega block on harbour line tomorrow 15 july
is central line running fine? from thane downwards (sent from Rabale)
is there karjat passenger tomorrow 
there is mega block tomorrow ?? (sent from Tilak Nagar Stn.)
10.50 semi fast from CST on time? (sent from Dadar Stn.)
kal kasara train chalu he kya ... ? 
उद्या सकाळी मेगाब्लॉक आहे काय ?बदलापूर ते मुंबई cst (sent from Badlapur)
hello kal megablock konse route pr hai koi batayega??  (sent from Mulund Stn.)
Mega block timing on central line???
central megablock ahe ka? (sent from Ghatkopar)
is there any train from Dombivli (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
kal central line chalu hai kya??  anu update (sent from Santa Cruz)
is the last train late? (sent from Bandra Stn.)
where is last karkat local???? (sent from Thane Stn.)
mujhe nasik se kanjur marg jana hai...konse station par utarna thik rahega thane ya dadar..?
what is today's status of train (sent from Khopoli)
how is the rain situation at Mumbai side. in Badlapur it is raining heavily (sent from Badlapur)
what the status of badlapur local (sent from Palghar Stn.)
train is on time or not???
are the situation good  to go in Mumbai from badlapur? (sent from Badlapur)
trains are on time?? (sent from Shahad)
what is the train situation right now
Status of trains from Karjat towards CSMT ?? (sent from Neral Stn.)
kalyan to kasara train running???? (sent from Mumbra Stn.)
is it raining in mumbai?
0425 kasara cst is departed or not ??? (sent from Khadavli Stn.)
what about CST to Thane side? (sent from Byculla Stn.)
4.55 ambernath train departed from ambernath?
are trains on time(badlapur-cst)?????  (sent from Badlapur)
trains are on time or not ???? (sent from Neral)
Kasara 5.00 Am Train Left for CST? (sent from Thane Stn.)
train updates please?
karjat to CST Train status ? (sent from Vangani Stn.)
kasara line is working or not ? (sent from Vasind Stn.)
is it raining in kurla?  (sent from Dombivli)
karjat csmt fast train status? (send from Ulhasnagar Stn.) (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)
5:16 still not arrived ! any update from ambernath anyone ? (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)
5.44 karjat train on time?  (sent from Ambernath Stn.)
Are trains on time from asangaon? 
Is it good idea to go for college today?  (sent from Ghatkopar)
Dombivali to Thane train time pr hai? (sent from Diva Jn)
guys i really need help.. please tell me should i go to college or not?  (sent from Ambernath)
are the karjat to cst trains on time ?  (sent from Ambernath Stn.)
how's train status (sent from Thakurli)
which train? (sent from Ambernath Stn.)
is ambernath to cst train running? bcz its raining heavyly in ambernath (sent from Ambernath Stn.)
asangaon to cst train chalu hai kya??? (sent from Vasind Stn.)
is 447 karjat on time??
447 karjat fast on time?? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
stormy day????
Is this ok on central line (sent from Ambernath)
is 447 karjat cst fast on time?? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
Is trains on time ? (sent from Ambernath)
is it train on Central on time? 
asangaon to cst trains chalu aahet ka?
how much late  (sent from Dombivli)
is it raining in dadar? (sent from Badlapur)
Is it raining heavily anywhere?
trains?? (sent from Ambernath)
is indrayani express running late or right time? (sent from Badlapur)
cst to kasara local status? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
as it was raining from 2 days, are the trains late or something.. how's the weather in thane ?
where is the fast train? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
trains r on time???? (sent from Kalyan)
what is status of train (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
are the trains on tym??? both up and down (sent from Badlapur Stn.)
Train chalri??? (sent from Kalyan)
guysss... rather than asking q. every 1 plz update frm where trains are arriving or departing (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)
is 6 clock csmt train on time ? (sent from Ambernath Stn.)
are trains on time? (sent from Vithalwadi)
trains r running on time ??? (sent from Kopar)
train are running late or not ??? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
what is status of trains? (sent from Kalyan)
are trains from Kasara to Cat on time ?
no trains are cancelled ? aaj chutti Nahi le sakta office jane (sent from Vithalwadi)
virar to church gate any update?
where is 5:54 train from vitthalwadi (sent from Vithalwadi Stn.)
kasara to Cst status??
schools chalu hai kya?
? trains from ulhasnagar working? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
is there rains near kurla (sent from Ambernath)
what about kalwa to ghatkopar  (sent from Kalva)
what is the status of up fast trains 
when u reach Kurla  (sent from Vithalwadi Stn.)
what about karjat to cst tarain status (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)
why shalimar Ltt Exp late today
from thane to CST??  (sent from Ghansoli)
are trains working properly ? (sent from Ghatkopar)
where is khopoli csmt (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
what about asangaon train (sent from Titwala)
how much is the central line delayed (sent from Juinagar)
Is slow train running on time ??
train chalu h naa?? (sent from Mumbra Stn.)
what status Kalyan cstm fast train
thane cst working fine? (sent from Thane)
what's the up locals status from dombivali (sent from Thakurli)
is there water logging anywhere (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
is it raining in mumbai? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
central line train status?? (sent from Neral)
kyn starting trains are ok ??
Central  railway train status?  (sent from Vithalwadi)
where is khopoli csmt train (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
dombivali to CST train status?? (sent from Kopar Stn.)
wat about train?
sion kurla mai water logging hai kya? (sent from Ghatkopar)
is it a question  ?  (sent from Koparkhairne)
is all trains for cst are on right time (sent from Shahad)
kya asangaon se train time per hai?
trains r on time?
what's train status (sent from Dombivli)
anyone from asangaon are trains on right Time?
Trains chalu ahe ka?
are trains on time? (sent from Dombivli)
dombivali to cst what is the train status .. on time aahe ka ?? (sent from Kopar)
abhi 6.18 ki local kahatk aai hai?  (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
is the central line train properly running from diva to cstm (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)
trains are running properly or not?? (sent from Kopar)
train working on central line from Kalyan to Dadar?
Today  raining  very  heavily   here.. What  about  in CST  mumbai  side ?  (sent from Vithalwadi)
kalyan to cst trains are on time?
train r on time...???  (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)
aayi kya train or not yet reached??? (sent from Kopar Stn.)
what about Dombivli to Csmt?
Sion mein Pani bhara hai kya?
abhi nikali Kya ? (sent from Mulund)
what about status of 6:26 towards CST train (sent from Badlapur Stn.)
what's the Sion matunga situation (sent from Mumbra)
Update.... Western railway local train virar to Churchgaye runnning on Time..... Central line Karjat / Kasara to CST local are running 10 to 15 min late... Harbour line local are running 10 min late..... Heavy rain falling but no water logging any where... local are running as daily speed (sent from Vangani Stn.)
are trains working? (sent from Thakurli)
whats the status today? (sent from Kalyan)
Kalyan ka Kya status haai?
Is there water logging at sion matunga?
traina are on time??
any water loged anywhere?
what about kalyan status for train (sent from Vasind Stn.)
office se chutti le sakte hai kya? or all trains are on time (sent from Ghansoli Stn.)
karjat line chalu ahe ka?  (sent from Ambernath)
Thane cst?  (sent from Koparkhairne)
what is the prediction of rain today? (sent from Kalyan)
whatz d current status of trains?? plz tell anyone... ( sent frm ulhasnagar ) (sent from Shahad)
are trains working from Ambernath to kalyan? (sent from Ambernath)
Bhai aaplya train chalu aahet ka? (sent from Titwala Stn.)
titwala CST? (sent from Titwala Stn.)
amernath to Thane?? 
where is 6 30 badlapur train (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)
asangaon cst aahe ka?? titwala walo
Is trains regular between ghtkpr to thane?  (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
is there water logging outside kurla station west? (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)
mumbai mein rains hai kya?  (sent from Neral)
what is train status for central railway
badlapur CST what is the status ? 
ट्रेन चालू आहेत का? 
Kalyan to cst. ? (sent from Kalyan)
What is status of kurla station (sent from Ghansoli Stn.)
hi all are trains running fine..from Dombivali towards CST?
where has the karjat-cst fast reached? (sent from Shahad Stn.)
Karjat-cst fast which is 6:45 @klyn? (sent from Shahad Stn.)
what is the status of train (sent from Badlapur)
is it raining in thane????
bhandup to cst trains on time??? (sent from Bhandup)
thane to kalyan train?  (sent from Mumbra)
are the trains working on time? (sent from Kopar)
are trains on time??
where it has reached? (sent from Shahad Stn.)
what's is train status badlapur to cst
what is the current status  (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)
kalyan to thane chalu h?
why trains are working today i wanted to take holiday😭😭😭 (sent from Shahad)
what's the current status of running train (sent from Ghansoli)
badlapur train calu h?  (sent from Badlapur)
what about trains running towards KASARA
Is it raining heavly beyond thane?
central train towards thane ??  (sent from Ambernath)
asan hai to cat runing?
asangao to cst train runing?
train status ? (sent from Badlapur)
what is the status of cst fast from karjat 7:06
train status ? (sent from Badlapur)
wat is rain status in dadar now?? (sent from Badlapur Stn.)
what about Asangaon CST slow? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
7.19 ghatkopar to kasara time pe hai Kya??  (sent from Andheri)
Badlapur to CSMT train chalu Aahet ka? (sent from Badlapur Stn.)
badlapur amb koi train cancel toh nhi hue na? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
how much (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
Karjat to CSMT train running on time?
is 6:50 karjat from cst is running on time ?
is 6:50 karjat from cst is running on time ?
All is well ? (sent from Dombivli)
what about trains
train from Ambernath to dadar running kya? (sent from Ambernath)
कर्जत छ.शि.म,ट ट्रेन चालु आहेत काय ?
कर्जत छ.शि.म,ट ट्रेन चालु आहेत काय ?
कर्जत छ.शि.म,ट ट्रेन चालु आहेत काय ?
on which platform at dadar station, does sevagram express arrives from car?? (sent from Santa Cruz)
hello how to reach Worli from bandra
is train running properly from ulhas? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
is the train are on time or late
trains welewar aahet kaa?? (sent from Badlapur)
what is the status of central line?  (sent from Bhandup)
what's the status of trains??  (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
central line operational today?  (sent from Vasind)
what karjat to CST  train proper time run (sent from Neral)
hi what about central rail
trains working? 
CSTM to Ambarnath train is on time? (sent from Sion)
what about towards karjat train (sent from Badlapur)
asangaon to Thane train? (sent from Vasind)
what about CST towards thane? (sent from Bandra Stn.)
train chalu ahet ka? (sent from Shelu)
what about slow train
what about central railway delay (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
are central trains coming on time?
 what about Kalyan cst
what about trains towards Karjat and khopoli? 
How many mins does down trains are late
How many mins does down trains are late
is their any water logging in Sion? (sent from Vidyavihar Stn.)
trains he kya from badlapur to cst ?
is central line working  ?
what's problem in sion between to dadar or masjid (sent from Badlapur)
are karjat side locals on time??
trains from Kalyan to cst running late? (sent from Kalyan)
what abt trains from titwala (sent from Shahad Stn.)
Are trains late to cst?? cos its not raining in mulund here..but is it in other parts of the city? (sent from Mulund)
karjat se trains time pr hai kya....?????  (sent from Karjat)
what is rain status in Mumbai?
Is it raining too heavily in Kurla? (sent from Thakurli Stn.)
is it on time?
6:55 badlapur- csmt fast on time? (sent from Thane Stn.)
trains for cst from shahad are on time ?
बदलापूर ते ठाणे ट्रेन काय परिस्थिती आहे ? (sent from Sanpada Stn.)
? (sent from Thane Stn.)
kidhar barish hora hai kya? (sent from Vithalwadi)
trains time pe hai? 
where is cst train which reach kalyan at 7:30cst fast train (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
trains time par hai kya...???? (sent from Badlapur Stn.)
is trains are on time??? (sent from Badlapur)
r trains running on time? (sent from Karjat)
7.51 karjat to cst local is on time? (sent from Dombivli)
any update about train from asangaon?
Train on time hain kya? Kalyan to CSMT 
is there train on time
local train status? (sent from Badlapur)
from Ulhasnagar what is the status ? (sent from Shahad)
Ulhas nadi puri tarah bhar gayi kya??? (sent from Badlapur)
7.51 karjat local time pe hai kya..? plz reply (sent from Dombivli)
what's the Status of 7:35 Asangaon- CSMT train? (sent from Dombivli)
status of 7:50 krajat train from kalyan (sent from Kalyan)
is that train too late??? 
trains are on time or delayed ? (sent from Titwala Stn.)
dombivali to CST train status??? (sent from Kopar Stn.)
What the status of central line (sent from Kopar)
BADLAPUR to CST STATUS? (sent from Badlapur)
please don't ask same question read train chat dear (sent from Badlapur Stn.)
time vr ahait ka train ki late ??? (sent from Kopar Stn.)
Train late hai ka?  from dombivali
whats about status at dombivli??
are trains late? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
what is tha condition treen (sent from Diva Jn)
7.52 karjat to csmt in on time ir not??? (sent from Badlapur)
hello.. are trains running on time or?
how to go jalgoan to thane
Are the trains running properly?  (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
what are train status from Kalyan to cst?  (sent from Kalyan)
any one at Kalyan station now how is the situation??? (sent from Shahad)
what is the status of sion station 
how to travel from matunga to bandra?? (sent from Ghatkopar)
pakka na?
मध्य रेल्वे बरोबर आहे ना?
kalyan to karjat train status ? ( sent from kalyan) (sent from Shahad)
what status of Ulhas River??? (sent from Badlapur)
7.57 CST fast is on time? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
is train on time frm Ambermath to Dadar?  (sent from Ambernath Stn.)
what about Western (sent from Badlapur)
Are train running on time from shahad station ?? (sent from Shahad)
are trains from Thane station to cst on time?
mumbait paus jorat ahe ka? . 
is it raining heavily in Sion? (sent from Mulund)
what is train status badlapur to cstm (sent from Badlapur)
are train running on time towards kalyan???  (sent from Ghatkopar)
any delays near sion..dadar??? (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)
what is train stetus titwal to cst
what is train stetus titwal to cst
Is it raining only in thane?
dosto aaj train on time hai ya band hai ?
what is train status thane to karjat
what is the status of diva to Sion 
Trains from kurla to THANE? 
what is status in neral Station 
 where is ladeis special? (sent from Dativali)
What is the status 
what is the status of badlapur cstm (sent from Badlapur)
mumbai madhe pawoos aahe kaa??
Roshan why you need ladies special? :-)  (sent from Thane Stn.)
bhailog kopar stn ka idli wala hai kya? check krke bataoge kya?
7:21 fast local from titwala to cstm already 10 to 15 min. late and the local going on slow track .but why? (sent from Dativali)
what about slow trains ??? towards cstm (sent from Thane)
what is the status of train from badlapur  (sent from Badlapur)
why train stop (sent from Matunga Road Stn.)
is it working after thane?  (sent from Thane Stn.)
any idea why train stop at dadar  (sent from Dadar Stn.)
it's raining. what in mumbai....??  at Kalyan it's not raining.... but weather is fully dark (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
train status?  (sent from Ambivli Stn.)
trains are time in Mumbra to go CST?
status in kalyan to ulhasnager? (sent from Kalyan)
it's come from Vagani Sidding that why (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
is balapur fast...of 8.11passes form dadar? (sent from Khar Road Stn.)
only fast local are late for 20 mins and other are 10 to 15 min late... no issue any where  (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
is there any problem in sion 
trains are on time?  (sent from Dombivli)
8:47 thane will be on time or not?
are trains running properly from thane to matunga?? (sent from Thane)
are trains on time on thane kalyan route? its raining heavily (sent from Vasind)
Thane staion to kurla???? (sent from Thane)
train status from Kalyan? (sent from Kalyan)
what's  stats  of  central  railways 
trains status to Thane from Kalyan ? (sent from Kalyan)
trains delayed?
what about western track from vivar to dadar?
Train running on time or not?  (sent from Dombivli)
trains are running??? (sent from Vithalwadi Stn.)
trains are running??? (sent from Vithalwadi Stn.)
Thane to csmt chalu hai Kay??? (sent from Mulund)
what about cst ro khopoli train (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
asangaon trains on time? (sent from Vasind Stn.)
what about from titwala to thane train is there ? (sent from Ambivli Stn.)
what is status of ambernath to cst train (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)
what is train status (sent from Kopar Stn.)
are trains running properly from Dombivli to CST??  (sent from Kopar)
trains kitni late hai????
bhai 9:47 me buhat time para hai tension mat karo time pe aa jayegi ;)
what is the status of Central train  (sent from Ambernath)
is it raining in thane??
karjat side ke train time pe hai kya??
kalyan se fast train late hai kya ?? (sent from Vithalwadi)
trains to kasara are running in time ?
are train running on time ?? from Dombivali to cst (sent from Mumbra Stn.)
what is the status of train from karjat to cst (sent from Neral Stn.)
are trains on time in Central? 
Western me jaao yaha kya kar rahe ho...?
main line train tym pe haina.???  (sent from Mumbra Stn.)
panvel vasaird train in time?? (sent from Dombivli)
titwala to Cstm..? (sent from Titwala)
,current status ? (sent from Dombivli)
train are on time?? (sent from Dombivli)
Trains chalu hai....?? 
paus padtoy ka ATA? cz Badlapur la nahiye ewdha (sent from Badlapur Stn.)
kiw yete ashya lokanchi , sarkh tech prshn , trains chalu aahet ka ? chat read kra na  (sent from Dombivli)
train are running ? dombivali (sent from Nilje)
trains to Kasara are on time ?
What is the status of locals from Kalyan to Cstm 
are trains on time in badlapur?
whts the status for kalyan to thane..??
train time par h kya ???? (sent from Dombivli)
 train chalu hai?? 
how much manage by us.. its time to manage by government (sent from Badlapur Stn.)
how are trains betwn KALYAN  & Dadar ?  (sent from Kalyan)
are tr running in time?  (sent from Vasind Stn.)
Good morning everyone!! how's the status of local trains from ambernath to csmt?? please let me know someone ..
central line chya train velevar ahet ka? sent from thane (sent from Kalva)
khopoli 8.22am.status? (sent from Dombivli)
what is the status from shahad to Kurla r trains on time? (sent from Shahad)
What is the status of train from Thakurli  (sent from Thakurli)
All central Local train are 10 To 20 min late... but some local are on time.... To central railway mangement plz Increase Motorman and Guard... It's lack of motormen that what local be late (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
can someone please update the status of kalyan to cst? (sent from Thakurli)
is all trains are at time from kalyan
what is the position of train  (sent from Dombivli)
 today train status?  (sent from Ambernath)
what about trains towards Ambernath (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
is trains are on time badlapur to Cst??? (sent from Badlapur)
any problems regarding local trains between karjat to thane?  (sent from Vangani)
dombivli se karjat k lie any updates?  (sent from Thakurli)
rain update?? heavy in ulhasnagar (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
sion matunga?? any water logging?
khopoli status plz???? (sent from Badlapur)
central line trains is on time?
thane la paus jorat ahe ka ?
local train is on time ?
on time?? (sent from Thane)
trains running late? (sent from Thakurli)
are trains working properly? (sent from Cotton Green Stn.)
is 8:42 kasara fast cancelled? (sent from Byculla Stn.)
vasind to kalyan train let hai kya? (sent from Vasind Stn.)
Is trains are on time from kalyan to ghatkopar?
what about karjat to cst is the tarin on time (sent from Karjat Stn.)
Are trains on time from titwala? (sent from Titwala Stn.)
hows trains are running??
heavy rain in Badlapur ? (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)
train runnig on time?
what is the train status? (sent from Vithalwadi)
what is the status of the trains from DOMBIVLI to Cst? (sent from Dombivli)
what is from kalyan?? (sent from Kalyan)
train status from Ambernath to cst???
titwala train is working? (sent from Panvel)
 where is thane to cst 9 am local?  (sent from Thane Stn.)
is train on time? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
is train on time from kalyan to csmt ? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
how stateus of central rail
are trains running fine today?  (sent from Thane Stn.)
are trains from shahad running properly? (sent from Shahad)
at shahad, trains are on time? (sent from Shahad)
 karjat train is on time? (sent from Neral Stn.)
is the ambernath train on time
9:24 Karjat Right Time pr hai?  (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
kalyan to ambarnath train is on time? (sent from Kalyan)
what about vithalwadi ? (sent from Vithalwadi)
are trains starting from kalyan on ryt tym?
heavy rain on central lines? (sent from Ambernath)
9:00 chi THANE cstm fast local lagali ka ?
what Abt titwala-cst n asangaon-cst trains?
are trains on time ?? (sent from Dombivli)
train running on time or not
ulhasnagar Ki train time par ha! ??
kidr paani bhara h kya? (sent from Dombivli)
how much? (sent from Vithalwadi)
are trains from shahad on time? (sent from Shahad)
from Thane to cst ?
train che kahi problem ahet ka???(sent from dombivli)
status amb to  dadar??? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
ambernath to CET ??
are Central trains running on time ? (sent from Vithalwadi)
kalyan to CST update? (sent from Vithalwadi)
shahad to CST? (sent from Shahad)
what about kalyan to kasara  (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
r trains to Vashi running on time?
cst to kasara?
trains for Mumbai is running on time or not...?  (sent from Mulund)
some Local 5 min late,...some are 10 to 15 min late... depend on from how far local are coming (sent from Kalva Stn.)
this train timing people know why give separately (sent from Dombivli)
what about from Ambernath to cst
pls anyone tell me dombivli to Mulund train running ? (sent from Kopar)
from badlapur trains are on time or not?  (sent from Badlapur)
where is csmt to karjat train right now  (sent from Badlapur Stn.)
is kunjvihar open today? (sent from Badlapur)
where is mcst train for 09:16 fast at time (sent from Shahad)
is fast train on time from kalyan??  (sent from Shahad)
badlapur to cst trains time par h kya??...  (sent from Badlapur)
where is asangaon thane train now? (sent from Thakurli Stn.)
train on running?
what is the status of local from Badlapur (sent from Badlapur)
is there any water logging in sion and Matunga towards CSMT.
is there water logging in Mulund? (sent from Mulund Stn.)
is train running from Mulund to cst? (sent from Mulund Stn.)
is there water logging @ sion
did 9.29 train reach badlapur? 
what's train status from badlapur stn
is train running?
what is status @ Kalyan station ? (sent from Bhandup)
Any good news from Sion? 😁😁😁 (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
any karjat  & Khopoli train status??
what is status on kurla (sent from Govandi)
what about sion stn (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)
What is trsin status on Badlapur from csmt  (sent from Badlapur Stn.)
? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
What is a conditions of kasara side trains? are they on time? (sent from Vikhroli)
where is 9:17 cstm train  (sent from Thane Stn.)
what is the condition of karjat CST train please
is 9:24 CST local left from shahad? (sent from Shahad)
are you serious ? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
any updates on trains for cst from badlapur? (sent from Badlapur)
kurla to cst train is working? 
train is on time for cst? rain started heavily (from Ghatkopar) (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
Yaha pe dhup h.. tum kya heavy rain karr rahe ho ? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
is there rains at kalyan (sent from Karjat Stn.)
titwala cst chalu he kya? 
Kalyan to CSTM on time?
Kalyan to CSTM on time? (sent from Kalyan)
what is train status bwn badlapur to csmt
king circle se central ka kayse send kiya? 
Karajat to kalyan trains,on time? (sent from Karjat Stn.)
9:50 ambernath to cst on time?
what about kasara (sent from Thakurli Stn.)
what about kasara (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
no problem which i can see from Kalyan  (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
any status from Vasind to CSMT....? 
what's the status of trains from ghatkopar to thane?
are trains running on time ? (sent from Vasind)
is there any problem between Kalyan to Dadar. ..? (sent from Thakurli Stn.)
i want to make local train pass where should i go
really   .where. . ? (sent from Thakurli Stn.)
is there any train from badlpur to cst?? 
is there any train from badlpur to cst?? 
are the trains working slow ?  (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
what ur letting 
late for how many minutes ? (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
is there news of water logging in Kurla (sent from Vadala Road)
train status from badlapur??
abhi train to mile gi na kurla jane? (sent from Vikhroli)
today is trein ranging? (sent from Sion)
are Kalyan trains on time?
cst trein chalu hai kya? (sent from Sion)
We want to go from Thane to CST. Are the trains running on time?
hiii how are you miss meenakshi  (sent from Vasind)
trains from Dombivli to Vikhroli are running fine?  (sent from Thane Stn.)
Train time pr hai kay? (sent from Ambivli)
cst jane wail? (sent from Ambivli)
waise aish going for work or what  (sent from Vasind)
Konark in which platform I'm Kalyan (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
any update for next election who will win.....?  (sent from Vasind)
train chalu hai kya? (sent from Chembur)
central and western? (sent from Chembur)
late hai ki on time chal re hai bhai? (sent from Ghatkopar)
hello. I want to travel from Goregaon to Byculla. which is the best route to travel
thank you Bharat Sharma. but it is good to help someone who have no knowledge of trains 
has the 10:13 fast from ambernath left 
Mumbai me barish ka kya haal hai? (sent from Vithalwadi Stn.)
from Kalyan to talegaon When is the train
how many late local train from amb (sent from Ambernath)
are the trains are on time at central line!? (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)
are u sure naa?? (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)
what is the status of sion and matunga?  (sent from Nerul Stn.)
is the slow trains are on time?? (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)
what is the current status of central line trains (sent from Mumbra Stn.)
train delay by how much time ?? till Dadar (sent from Bhandup Stn.)
what is the status of trains from Ghatkopar to Bhandup  (sent from Andheri Stn.)
Are trains running between karjat to thane?
train time hai?
any problem in kurla side?? (sent from Govandi)
Anyone please? its urgent (sent from Govandi)
where is 10:30 titvala train  (sent from Titwala Stn.)
is central line running properly??  (sent from Kanjur Marg)
what is today train status
where is 10.40 dom train? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
Any update on thane cst slow status ? (sent from Thane Stn.)
what about latest update (sent from Chembur Stn.)
what about  ambernath to c.s.d. (sent from Ambernath Stn.)
trains chalu hai ?  (sent from Dombivli)
any information about kalyan-cst trains? (sent from Kalyan)
diva -vasai line running on time ?? (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)
?? (sent from Shelu Stn.)
trains from ambernath to thane ? any status ?
where is 10.48 thane to karjat  (sent from Thane Stn.)
condition of trns?? (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)
ambernath to CSt ? (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)
any update? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
Hey what's the Condition from Badlapur to CST (sent from Badlapur)
ambernath to thane?
ambernath to thane?
kalyan to cst ? (sent from Kalyan)
ambernath to thane? (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)
kiti late ahet train? Dom to CST?
ambernath to thane? (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)
what about KARJAT CSMT trains?
trains from badlapur are on time or not?  (sent from Badlapur Stn.)
what about CST train tody
where do they keep lost goods? I lost my newspaper print umbrella in a train. . a 8:46 am train to kalyan.  (sent from Dombivli)
what the status in.. dombivli to kasara trains.  (sent from Kopar)
what is status if trains leaving from Kasara to CSMT
any update on jobs....? (sent from Vasind)
ulhasnagar to CST?? (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)
are asangaon to thane trains on time ??? (sent from Vasind)
where is titwala fast?? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
are thane - csmt trains on time ? (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)
What's the train position between Badlapur and Kalyan? 
thane cst train  running ? 
11.00 cst from kalyan where is it (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
can anyone tell where has titwala fast train towards CST has reached (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
Ambarnath to CSTM train chal rahi he kya ?? (sent from Ambernath)
you need to find it in harbor line chat (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
badlapur tocstm chalu ahe ka???
dombivli to kanjurmarg  train is there na ...train are late kya? (sent from Dombivli)
are trains running  on time between thane to karjat? (sent from Nerul Stn.)
are trains on time from thane to karjat? (sent from Nerul)
what is position of trains from ulhasnagar railway station
what about thane (sent from Vidyavihar Stn.)
trains are late or on time? (sent from Vithalwadi)
are trains on time?  (sent from Vithalwadi)
what is d status from cst to thane (sent from Marine Lines Stn.)
where is Kasara fast (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
at vangani heavy rain what about thane n cst (sent from Vangani Stn.)
is their any water blockage on kalyan thane route?
how to go cbd to dadar from esy  (sent from Belapur Cbd Stn.)
what is the status of train  (sent from Mumbra)
ghatkopar to badlapur train are on time ?? (sent from Badlapur)
?  (sent from Vidyavihar)
is there any infotmation about shahad to  cst train?? (sent from Shahad)
where is 11.35 karjat fast  (sent from Kurla Stn.)
are trains on time?  (sent from Thakurli Stn.)
today train are working or not ????
what is current train status??
this is tooo much yar after w8ing 20min on platfrom no 6 at thane they announce train gonna come @4 so unfair no value of our time nothing if mail can b on time local can b on time tooo 11,17 cstm came at 44 top off that it halted for mail crossing pathetic (sent from Mulund)
? (sent from Kalva)
kalyan Karjat trains running on time?
why only Titwala side local Trains can't run on time.. waiting at Kalyan station.. (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
what is the status of trains from Kalyan to CST...anyone.. pls update???
r u their....? (sent from Vasind)
kalyan cst 15 car status? (sent from Thane Stn.)
trains are on time? from karjat
rain affected the trains?
Are  trains  on time..?? (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)
vasai panvel train is running or not ????
any info about 11:30 cst fast train from Dombivali? still not arrived... any current info?  (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
how to go Kalyan to virar  (sent from Vasind)
what about Aasangaon trains???  (sent from Shahad Stn.)
check on m indicator input your location which is kalyan then select destination virar it will show possible train route best way kalyan-dadar-virar (sent from Ambernath)
are the trains on tym from kasara to thane? 
how much delayed the train will be?
are the trains leaving from kasara on tym?
please any one tell me what happened on the central line kalyan to CSMT  any one tell me (sent from Kalva Stn.)
why laye  (sent from Kalva Stn.)
why late (sent from Kalva Stn.)
what about badlapur trains are they on time? (sent from Vikhroli)
plz tell me anyone kalyan to Karjat Trains  are on? 
r trains ontime today ? (sent from Vikhroli)
what about ambernath to thane 
badlapur se cst ??  (sent from Bhandup)
12:19 ambarnath to cst is slow or fast ?  (sent from Kalyan)
kya huva he central me ?? (sent from Bhandup)
thane se Ghatkopar trains? 
where is 12:22 cstm local (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)
train late hai thane see ? (sent from Bhandup)
trains ka kya status he aaj?
rain ka status kya he mumbai me?
what is update about train (sent from Shelu)
Puri Surat exp Nagpur kab aayegi?
12:53 walo fast train at Kalyan, coming from Karjat going to CST, kaha pochi?  (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
where is 12:22 local (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)
down trains working? towards ambernath?
what about the ones coming from Karjat?  (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
train are running??from Karjat to csmt
train are running??from Karjat to csmt
train towards ambernath from thane status?
train are running??from Karjat to csmt
trains towards ulhasnagar to cst?  (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
train are running??from Karjat to csmt
train are running??from Karjat to csmt
trains towards ulhasnagar to cst?  (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
any idea why? (sent from Sion Stn.)
kalyan ke train chalu hai Kya? (sent from Byculla Stn.)
what about trains towards badlapur! (sent from Vikhroli)
is there any issue at cst (sent from Kharghar Stn.)
ambernath se cst tak trai chalu hai ky ????? (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)
1:28 csmt cancelled?  (sent from Thane Stn.)
what is today update 
kalyan to cst.. are train running on time???
what is the status of trains from badlapur to cst? (sent from Badlapur)
Are up trains on time ?? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
Are up trains on time ?? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
where is 1.14 cst fast from thane ? (sent from Thane Stn.)
dear what about south Mumbai for train  (sent from Neral Stn.)
dear what about south Mumbai for train 🚉  (sent from Neral Stn.)
are trains on time today from badlapur to cst?
is local running from kasara??
any updates?? (sent from Vasind)
Are down side trains on time? (Thane to ambernath)  (sent from Vashi)
Kasara to CST running status? (sent from Vasind)
Thane to CST Status ? (sent from Bhiwandi Road)
is train running slow today???? 
diva vasai trains are working?  (sent from Ambivli Stn.)
THANE to CST fast train is running on time or delay..??  (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
ambarnath to cst train status ok?
hi titwala cst running normal? 
which type job
cst karjat fast trian is on time ? (sent from Thane)
what is the status of up & down slow train?  (sent from Vidyavihar Stn.)
is there water logging anywhere (sent from Kalyan)
What is status of asangaon train (sent from Vasind Stn.)
What is status of asangaon train (sent from Vasind Stn.)
Where is 15 car train at present ? (sent from Nahur Stn.)
what is the status of trains (sent from Thane)
Badlapur - Karjat train ka kya status he?
where is karjat train nw?? 
where is karjat train (sent from Ambernath Stn.)
Kalyan -Thane train is in time?
where is Karjat fast local (sent from Charni Road Stn.)
how would I know just come to dadar u will get karjat local over dre (sent from Vidyavihar Stn.)
what is the  local train service status brtwn ddr kyn (sent from Kopar)
CSMT to Kalyan train are on a time? (sent from Tilak Nagar Stn.)
do we have trains on time or boats on time ? (sent from Sion Stn.)
how are train from kalyan to cst
central line trains are late? (sent from Karjat Stn.)
what the status of central line?
how late are trains towards Cst
What is the status of dadar to kalyan??
 what is the status from csmt
What is the status of Central line? (sent from Jogeshwari)
status of kalyan going trains? (sent from Kurla)
what's status on khopoli train (sent from Elphinstone Road Stn.)
what's the status on Badlapur to cst
what is status on kalyan train (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)
what's the status of Kasara trains from Kurla? (sent from Kurla Stn.)
karjat to ambernath what's position? 
badlapur >>Csmt late or what (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)
Kalyan to CST what's status (sent from Elphinstone Road Stn.)
khopoli 3.42 from kurla station..is this train late today? (sent from Tilak Nagar)
 what is tha status of  vidyavihar to cst (sent from Sion Stn.)
central line train on time ?  (sent from Chembur)
are trains running on time (sent from ambernath)? (sent from Ambernath)
what
Badlapur to cst......?  (sent from Badlapur Stn.)
4.24 pm where 
Train btwn Dadar to CST ??
where is badalapur cst fast local?? (sent from Thane Stn.)
please say where the local is karjat cst (sent from Badlapur Stn.)
where is karjat train ? ulhasnagr ali ka nahi (sent from Badlapur Stn.)
karjat cst 3.27 pm where is it  (sent from Badlapur Stn.)
where is 4.24kasara train
what is train status from Ghatkopar to kalyan pls
train r on time from cst to thane ? (sent from Churchgate)
Dadar to CSTM trains Status ??? (sent from Kandivali)
Thane to CST? Any delay? (sent from Thane Stn.)
where is asangoan local
How is train running situation from ghatkopar to kalyan? (sent from Andheri)
any update for karjat to cstm train? (sent from Vangani Stn.)
what about Dadar Badlapur train? (sent from Thane)
cst kurla train is working? (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)
any status of water logging? (sent from Chunabhatti)
cst thane train is working or not? (sent from Churchgate)
titwalyala train satuas??
are the trains on time? (sent from Vile Parle)
are trains from Vikhroli to cst on time ? (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)
are trains are on time ? 
what is the status of kasara -CSMT LOCAL?
cst kurla train is working? (sent from Churchgate Stn.)
tapovan from nasik leaving to day for dadar?
विक्रोली से थाने के लिए ट्रेन टाइम पर हैं क्या ??? (sent from Vikhroli)
what is stutas thane kalyan train time 
are trains from CST to Kalyan on time? (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)
is there any problem in trains (sent from Cst)
pubg? (sent from Sanpada)
all the trains are on the time? (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)
cst kurla train is working? (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)
titwala to cst running on time or not ?? (sent from Titwala Stn.)
What is the position of Today Punjab mail (sent from Vikhroli)
Train late hai?
why 5:25 kalyan train is stucked at thane (sent from Thane Stn.)
what's status karjat
cst bound trains from Kalyan on time?? 
cst kurla train is working or not? (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)
trains are running on time? 
what about badlapur train status
is there any trains issue (sent from Vikhroli)
what is the status of Central railways timing  (sent from Vidyavihar)
is central railway running late?
what is the train running status on central line?  (sent from Andheri Stn.)
is panvel- boisar running on time?  (sent from Elphinstone Road Stn.)
cst --kurla trains are running??
whrs badlapur trn? 6:07 from thane (sent from Thane Stn.)
is there any problems on central line from Tiwala? local train towards Mumbai? (sent from Gtb Nagar)
are trains on time? (sent from Neral Stn.)
all trains on time? (sent from Nahur Stn.)
dombivali 6.13 Parel running? (sent from Elphinstone Road Stn.)
are trains on time from titwala? (sent from Titwala)
kurla to kalyan train runnings properly ???? (sent from Ghansoli)
where is da train now (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
what is the fast train status from thane to cst
what is the time of Hutatma express
How is it raining@ Kanjur marg?
what's status central line (sent from Matunga Road Stn.)
is there any train problem from Kalyan to cst (sent from Kalyan)
is there any TrAin problem from Kurla to ambernath?? (sent from Mankhurd)
are central trains working?
what is the problem between kalyan and titawala?? (sent from Titwala Stn.)
any signal problems between shahad to ambivali down?  (sent from Shahad)
what happened at shahad
what  happened at shahad.. trains r stopped from 30 min (sent from Shahad)
where is the thane train..7:01 (sent from Titwala Stn.)
any announcements @ shahad station? m in train over bridge from last 30mins (sent from Shahad)
titwala Kalyan kya problem hai ? (sent from Shahad Stn.)
Titwala 6.10 from dadar stuck at shahad from last 20 minutes, what is problem? (sent from Shahad Stn.)
why the Titwala train stops behind ulhas river bridge from last half hour? (sent from Ambivli)
Kalyan titwala kuch problem hua hai kya ?.  (sent from Shahad Stn.)
any bhandup stopping train ? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
titwala train...? (sent from Titwala Stn.)
is there any problem at shahad
is there any problem at Shahad station.. (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
trains working properly from thane to kalyan? (sent from Thane)
what about crowd? (sent from Thane)
i want to go CBD belapur by bus from dadar station..how to go there?
7.15 pm Fast Train towards Csmt ?? (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)
what is status of thane to titwala train?  (sent from Vashi Stn.)
what is the status of kalyan 15car train
कल्याण ते कर्जत रेल्वे नियमित चालू आहे का ?
kalyan to csmt kya status hai? 
train status?? (sent from Gtb Nagar)
train status?? (sent from Matunga Road Stn.)
is there some problem (sent from Shahad)
where is kurla kalyan  (sent from Vidyavihar Stn.)
7.58 kasara is on right time or not ..? (sent from Kopar Stn.)
7.58 kasara at thane is on time or not ..? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
kasara Train stop ulahas river why are late 
what about badalapur side slow train!?? (sent from Bandra Stn.)
where is 8.27 titwala fast train from thane?  (sent from Airoli)
Kaisi ha....?😁 (sent from Vasind)
what about badlapur vat local (sent from Badlapur)
where is 8:03 train from thane (sent from Thane Stn.)
where is 8:20 local to karjat from badlapur
7.43am khopoli local from dadar are takeing holt at neral ?
where is 8.03 karjat train from thane stn??  (sent from Thane Stn.)
how are you....?😀 (sent from Vasind)
how are you dear......?  (sent from Vasind)
going somewhere r what poo...  (sent from Vasind)
what is status of CST Thane 8:18 train? (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)
any one their......? (sent from Vasind)
(11081 gorakhpur express) can anyone tell me about  this mail... I heard  that today that all train will be Cancel....can anyone plz check for me about  this train it's urgent 
where is 8.03 karajat  (sent from Thane Stn.)
central locals running ok ??
what is a problem between shahad and ambivli (sent from Sion Stn.)
please how much delay 8.38 fast from thane (sent from Thane Stn.)
8:30 csmt train why let (sent from Asangaon Stn.)
Any updates for Thane - Karjat slow? (sent from Kopar Stn.)
what is the status of karjat train from thane (sent from Thane Stn.)
where has Karjat Local reached? (sent from Thane Stn.)
what is the prblm between Ambivli and shahad.....? (sent from Vasind)
where did reach Kasara local time 9.12 at Kurla? (sent from Kurla Stn.)
कसारा line चालू आहे ना??? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
is Toy train for Matheran is running or it's closed?? can any one hve idea???  (sent from Chembur)
need to check current status. There were some announcements happening in Kasara Asangaon & Titwala side trains might get delayed but no proper answer as in why?  (sent from Kalva Stn.)
Kalyan se Titwala chalu hai kya?
Kalyan se Titwala chalu hai kya?
cst  to khopoli train where it is now (sent from Thane Stn.)
is there any issues at kalyan or shahad? (sent from Thane Stn.)
is issue resolve now..or still there..means trains are running or not? (sent from Thane Stn.)
where you want to go  (sent from Vasind)
please update about the 9:36 ambernath train from thane?
you do job in thane or what  (sent from Vasind)
say.......?  (sent from Vasind)
where is 10.3 karjat from mulund ?  (sent from Mulund Stn.)
what about vasind to cst train @ 8.15 pm
what issue in shad ?
15 coach Kalyan?  (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
where is khopoli fast train
10.32 csmt fast from Kalyan kaha pochi hai? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
train on time h kya?? 
hussain sagar express is on time ? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
is there any problem at kalyan
is there any problem at kalyan? (sent from Badlapur)
११:०१ कल्याण ला येणारी खोपली लोकल कुठे आहे? (sent from Thakurli)
what the hell is going on why kp train standing hear (sent from Airoli Stn.)
kp means?
hello,any idea whether the 11:25 train from thane to dadar will be there? (sent from Thane Stn.)
where's badlapur train now ? 10:29 left from CST (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
where is kasara
subah train chalu rahegi kya?? 😂😂 (sent from Kalyan)
what is status of train  (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)
what is the status of trains.  (sent from Shahad)
what is the status of train 
what is the train status moving towards cst (sent from Ambernath Stn.)
what is status of trains (sent from Shahad)
What is status of train in vitilvadi
dombivali to cst trains are working ? pls confirm (sent from Dombivli)
what's the update on the ulhasnagar station? Is any train running towards CST? 
Local Status ? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
Train status?  (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
what about other areas (sent from Ambernath Stn.)
are trains running in from ambernath? 
what is rain position in thane (sent from Ambernath Stn.)
guys What is the status of trains..? Working or not?? #send from shahad.. (sent from Shahad)
dombivali to cst trains r working ?? (sent from Kopar)
should we start our college journey or not for tomorrow??college location vangani..(sent from dombivli) (sent from Thakurli)
now what position Kalyan to csmts (sent from Dombivli)
Ambarnath se trains hai Kya? (sent from Ambernath)
are trains are late??  (sent from Ambernath)
Kalyan to CST trains are running on time ???
is train are on time??? (sent from Vadala Road Stn.)
thane to cst chalu hai kya ? (sent from Nahur)
running properly? (sent from Nilje Stn.)
thank you... is it still raining? (sent from Ambernath Stn.)
 is their trains on time? (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)
Dombavli to cstm train chalu aahe ka???
are central  train running?
Are trains working properly now? (sent from Mulund)
Rajesh Tarwani please confirm central trains leaving from Ulhasnagar towards CST are on time.. is there any announcements going on platform for delay?  (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)
please confirm are the train on time?  (sent from Vithalwadi)
what is present status from Kalyan to cst
are trains back to normal?? 
Guys Ulhasnagar station pe koi train ka wait Kar raha Hai ya Nahi..? CST jaane k liye (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)
is train working properly..?? 
5.10 ki first kasara local band h kya?? (sent from Thane Stn.)
has 5.9am train from ambrnath cst left?? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
Any problem on Sion station ?
train is running or not?  (sent from Kalyan)
what ???   problem  Kay hey (sent from Kalyan)
is it still raining heavily in parel and nearby areas ? (sent from Kalyan)
Karjat to cst fast is on time ??
trains are running from Kalyan to cst,?
I it raining on Kalyan and beyond towards CST?
trains from Dadar to Thane running? anyone at Dadar pl confirm
Kalyan to Kasara trains chalu h kya? (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)
Thane to dadar trains are on time or not? 
is it raining in Kurla?
Request you to inform if trains from Khopoli/Karjat are running? (sent from Badlapur)
is this true? (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)
ambernath to Mulund ?
Thane to CST? (sent from Mulund)
any update from dombivli or kalyan station?  (sent from Dombivli)
in mumbai it's raining what ?? kindly update (sent from Vangani Stn.)
plz inform,, is it raining at Kurla ?
cst to karjat is on time?? (sent from Kurla Stn.)
are Kasara trains running? (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)
what about first fast train..towards cst (sent from Kalyan)
is there any water logging on route between thane and dadar?
what is water logging position at and around Kurla? (sent from Kalyan)
22105 train is today running ? (sent from Thakurli Stn.)
Those who want to bunk office should leave home after 7, you may hear some news then (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)
cst trains running? (sent from Thakurli)
harbor trains? 
is central line working properly? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
dadar to andheri? (sent from Thakurli)
Kalyan to CSTM...is on time?
hi rupali how r u (sent from Vithalwadi Stn.)
what about fast trains? (sent from Vithalwadi Stn.)
Are the trains running from kalyan to asangaon on time?
what is status of karjat fast train (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
It's a fast train which runs from Khopoli to CST.  (sent from Vithalwadi Stn.)
are they late or on time?  (sent from Kalyan)
Anyone at Kurla?
if any issues?  (sent from Shahad Stn.)
titwala to cst ?? (sent from Shahad)
can anyone let me know about the trains whether they are late or its on time?? (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)
uptill CST they are okay?? (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)
what about trains status 
Badlapur to cst train time pe hei Kya? (sent from Badlapur Stn.)
what is status from kasara station (sent from Kasara)
What is the status of CST to Karjat local...? (sent from Thane)
whats the condition today? (sent from Vikhroli)
Kasara train nikli Kalyan se? (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)
what is the status of the train mumbai central to virar (sent from Mahalakshmi)
Is anyone is astrologer to follow this prediction???? (sent from Tilak Nagar)
is indrany is running today
is indrany is running today
is there water logging at Sion matunga
any train for PUNE??? (sent from Thane Stn.)
hello are trains on time?? (sent from Thakurli)
anybody at cst or nearby area.. is it still raining there? (sent from Ambernath Stn.)
trains are working on time?????  (sent from Nahur)
are there trains towards cst?  (sent from Thane)
any trains towards karjat? 
karjat khopli tren chalu ahe ka?
shahad to thane trains? 
about sion station?
kalyan to cst ? (sent from Kalyan)
asngaon to kalyan?
what about shahad to cst (sent from Shahad Stn.)
thane to cst? (sent from Thane)
What about trains from Dadar towards Thane? Is there any issue?  (sent from Kandivali Stn.)
what about thane to panvel trains???  (sent from Shahad Stn.)
Kalyan to cst  ?
what about rains in dadar ? (sent from Thane)
sion water logging hai abhi bhi ? (sent from Thane)
wat about kasara to csmt? (sent from Asangaon Stn.)
plzz ??? (sent from Shahad Stn.)
Are trains running fine ?  (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
Thane to Ghatkoper train chalu ahe ka??  (sent from Boisar stn) 
बदलापुर ते कल्याण रेल्वे व्यवस्थित चालू आहे का ? (sent from Badlapur)
what about train from khopoli??  (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
train are running on central line? 
Is it risky to travel from ambernath to csmt? 
are trains running from cst to ghatkopar?
is anyone at CST fast?? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
so what about thane to panvel trains????  (sent from Shahad Stn.)
hi what is the status ? is trains are running on time from dombivali (sent from Dombivli)
what about shahad status (sent from Shahad)
what  about  satus for central train (sent from Airoli)
from past 40 minutes it's pouring like anything here. can anyone share the train status from Thane ?
express mail are in time? 
is the trains are running from virar (sent from Mahim Jn Stn.)
are trains runnin from kalayn to cst on time? (sent from Shahad)
what about Sion water logging is it still there ?  (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
tell me wht about thane to panvel?  (sent from Shahad Stn.)
badlapur to CST? (sent from Badlapur)
waterlogging sion Matunga mai hai kya? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
what is status of central trains (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
is 6:15 from kalyan to cst on time?? (sent from Kalyan)
waterlogging hai kya Sion Matunga mai? any idea? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
guyz cst me baarish he kya? (sent from Kalyan)
train is going on ??? (sent from Ambernath)
I have to catch train to pune in an hour, could someone tell me if everything is okay between mumbai pune route? (sent from Thane)
6.18 fast CST from Dombivali?? status
dombivli me barish hai kya?? (sent from Dombivli)
apart from that...are there any other updates? (sent from Thane)
is there water logging issue still there in Sion ??? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
train time pe hai ky??
Dadar to thane trains time pe he?
heavy rains in dombivli what is the status (sent from Dombivli)
बदलापूरहून गाड्या व्यवस्तीत आहेत का?
trains chalu ahet ka? (sent from Mulund)
train ke kya haal hai ?? (sent from Vithalwadi)
shahad to thane train time pai haikya?  (sent from Shahad Stn.)
???????? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
is it raining heavily in Kurla? (sent from Shahad)
लोकल चालू आहे ना? (sent from Matunga Road)
water logging in dombivli station ?
is there water logging in Sion ?  (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
wt s d status of Avantika express stuck up at Saphale ?
what about sion matunga?  (sent from Borivali)
what about Western line trains
kasara local starting kasara at 6.10 am fast time pe hai kya? (sent from Dombivli)
cetral line local running or not ??? (sent from Dativali)
thane to cst train status? (sent from Mulund Stn.)
guys is it safe to travelling from ulhasnagar to thane? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
what is current status (sent from Dombivli)
thane to cst train status? (sent from Mulund Stn.)
central railway status?? (sent from Ambernath)
is it running on time sandeep? (sent from Vithalwadi)
Dombivli csmt train chalu hai Kya?? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
Kalyan  To  dadar  train  is  available???  (sent from Vithalwadi)
is there rain @mumbai side
Train status?  (sent from Vithalwadi)
what is currently local train status (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)
situation on Kalyan to Thane ? (sent from Matunga Road)
बदलापुर ते दादर रेल्वे व्यवस्थित चालू अाहे का ? (sent from Badlapur)
What about thane to vashi status (sent from Shahad)
wat abt kalyn Kasara?? 
 what is the water logging status at kurla nd sion? (sent from Mulund Stn.)
what about karjat to thana
status of train?  (sent from Vithalwadi)
are mumbai pune trains are on schedule today?  (sent from Kanjur Marg)
is from ambernath to Thane okk? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
status?  (sent from Vithalwadi)
is there any train for Pune?? (sent from Thane Stn.)
मध्य रेल्वे वेळेत आहे का?मुंबईत पाऊस चालू आहे का आजून?
Navi Mumbai madhy paus ahe ka...??? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
what's the status at kurla?
are trains running on time ? .... Reply plz ... (sent from Thakurli)
new mumbai mai barish haikya plz reply??? (sent from Shahad Stn.)
should prefer fast or slow train,?? (sent from Dombivli)
Trains are working properly????? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
are trains working fine? is thr water logging at sion
kurla me barish he?
trains are running late right?  (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
are trains running on time?
is there any train issues from Ambernath to ghatkopar?
?
Is there train from Ambernath?? (sent from Ambernath)
6:26 train... badlapur to cst.....? (sent from Badlapur)
is there any training are running towards ghatkhopar ?
Trains are on time? (sent from Ambernath)
sion kurla what position of train (sent from Shahad)
are train's working till Andheri ?  (sent from Santa Cruz Stn.)
are trains working on time?  (sent from Thakurli)
is there train issue towards csmt (sent from Dombivli)
KARJAT line chalu ahe ka? 
are trains running late?? (sent from Ambivli)
kalyan to Ambernath trains working? 
are trains on time? 
Rush hai? (sent from Thakurli Stn.)
Trains are running from thane??
trains chalu he? (sent from Dombivli)
hope there s no issue between Sion n Dadar.. pls update??
train status from.dombivali to CST all on time ?
hope trains are running?? (sent from Kalva Stn.)
ambernath to cst local running kya? (sent from Ambernath)
Train chalu ahe ka..?? (sent from Badlapur)
Heavy rain in kalyan .Trains on time towards Ambernath?  (sent from Kalyan)
is there anyone from Mumbra who can update if trains are on time 
what is current train status in central suburbs (sent from Kalyan)
trains are running towards Thane? (sent from Chunabhatti)
It's raining heavily what is the status of train  (sent from Badlapur)
I have to go Dadar to Mulund. What say ? are trains running ? (sent from Kandivali)
is it raining in dadar? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
wats update in dadar and kurla abt rain?? (sent from Badlapur Stn.)
is train on running properly?? in central line??  (sent from Ambernath Stn.)
is all train running regular
are trains on time? (sent from Shahad)
on time?
Any issue of water logging between sion and Dadar? (sent from Khardi)
what is the status of kalyan to khopoli (sent from Shahad)
can anybody say what is status at Sion? (sent from Kandivali)
are trains on time? (sent from Shahad)
train are running or not?  (sent from Badlapur)
?? (sent from Dombivli)
What about Dadar? (sent from Khardi)
train is running today late?
what about Sion and kurla 
ambernath se ghatkopar train chalu hai kya? 
vithalvadi to cst चालू है???  (sent from Vithalwadi Stn.)
can any one is at sion station?please update the track status
Dombivli to ghatkopar train chal rhi h kya?  (sent from Nilje Stn.)
thane station status???
trains are running from ulhasnagar? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
wats the status of the train on central?? (sent from Kalyan)
train is running from Dadar to diva??
what's train status in central railway (sent from Dombivli)
is water logging in dombovli station??
any Problem from Ambernath to CST line?
kasar line train is on time??? (sent from Dombivli)
r trains on tym?? (sent from Ghatkopar)
rain status in mumbai? (sent from Dombivli)
I heard government issue warning...in mumbai still heavily raining!!???
what about water logging update (sent from Thane Stn.)
is water logging in dombivli station?
diva me cst k liye right time pe train aa rahi hai kya? (sent from Diva Jn)
Sion -matunga fine? (sent from Panvel)
is there water logging in Sion ?  (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
what is the status of central line today (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)
Ajj trajn band hai kya ? (sent from Kalyan)
train sttus today?? (sent from Kopar Stn.)
hi Amy update on trains today? 
train on time?
is there water logging issue in Sion ?  (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
what is train situation between kalyan and thane??
any update regarding badlapur to cst?? (sent from Badlapur)
are fast trains from thane on time?? (sent from Thane Stn.)
Bodivali virar train chalu he kaya? (sent from Mira Road)
where is pothigaii
dombivili to Ghatkopar chalu hai?  (sent from Chembur)
dombivali to cstm train on time?
what is the western line train running status?  (sent from Kopar Stn.)
hi friends good morning..... Boisar to virar train chalu h kya??🤔🤔 (sent from Boisar)
n wat abt frm thane to badlpur trains?? (sent from Ambernath Stn.)
what is the status of train from kurla to dadar (sent from Vithalwadi)
is Dombivali to cst train running? (sent from Dombivli)
good morning all. are trains running properly from Kalyan towards CSMT? (sent from Kalyan)
What about ulhasnagar (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
forget properly... are train in movement or no..? 
Office jau ki picnic ??
KALYAN to khandwa which mail update
train time par hain kya??? (sent from Diva Jn)
any update on 7:03 fast train to csmt from Thane? (sent from Airoli Stn.)
when did they inform?? (sent from Kings Circle Stn.)
दादर ते कसारा गाडी चालु आहेत का? (sent from Dadar Stn.)
towards cst trains are running??? (sent from Thakurli)
is there any water logging between kurla and matunga...??? (sent from Kalyan)
Dombivli / Ghatkopar kya status h train ka.?  (sent from Dombivli)
any trains from dadar to Thane? (sent from Vasai Road Stn.)
sakshi this is not timepass chat (sent from Dombivli)
water logging between kalwa,mumbra ??? (sent from Thakurli)
water logged anywhere?
कल्याण से सिएसएमटी ट्रेन्स टाईम पे चल रही है क्या ?
is trn running frm bdl to cst? (sent from Badlapur)
vikas really trains are not working??? (sent from Thakurli)
Trains from shahad on time or not? 
कल्याण से सिएसएमटी ट्रेन्स टाईम पे चल रही है क्या ?
what is a status of the trains  (sent from Dombivli)
train running some what late (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
is train on time ?
trns are not on time??? (sent from Ambivli Stn.)
trains from badlapur?? (sent from Badlapur Stn.)
what is the status of Kalyan to cst (sent from Kalyan)
friends what the train status from badlapur (sent from Badlapur)
is the trains are running?? (sent from Dombivli)
fast trns wrking frm bdl to cst? (sent from Dombivli)
trains are running from shahad?? (sent from Kanjur Marg)
is it advisable for one to step out?? (sent from Kalyan)
is there anybody on kurla please check any type of waterlogging is there or not ? (sent from Dombivli)
hi friends Boisar to virar train chalu h kya?? (sent from Boisar)
where it's Raining..... kindly share (sent from Vangani Stn.)
kalwa and sion walo. pani bhara hai kya? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
are trains working properly from Kalyan to cst???
water logging at Sion, Matunga?
are train between kalyan and cst working? (sent from Vithalwadi)
status of Karjat trains? ?
are trains running guys? from dombivli to Thane? (sent from Kopar Stn.)
dombivili to CST train running or not?
r trains running on time? (sent from Karjat)
what is train stataus
anyone can from kyn pls update whether 6.52 amb local left from kyn ??? (sent from Ambernath Stn.)
did people cross Sion? (sent from Thakurli Stn.)
anyone reached sion? (sent from Mulund Stn.)
are trains available from thane to kalyan? (sent from Thane)
what is the status of kurla station (sent from Ambivli Stn.)
are csmt Kalyan working?  (sent from Chinchpokli Stn.)
how much more rain needed to stop the trains?
Are Thane-Cst trains running?
How is the trains availablty? (sent from Thakurli)
what is the train status (sent from Kalyan)
आसनगाव हुन गाड्या वेळेवर सुटतात का?
Good morning all. What is the train situation today? (sent from Kalyan)
how are trains running from.mulund (sent from Mulund Stn.)
ambrnath stn train status?
badlapur to thane what update 
r cst bound trains running? 
what is the train position from Mulund to cst (sent from Mulund Stn.)
is there waterlogging on tracks??? (sent from Badlapur)
intercity ka status kya hai? it hasnt even crossed dadar according to m-indic. (sent from Thane Stn.)
is 7.10 train on time???  (sent from Kurla Stn.)
Thane-Cst trains suru ahe ka? (sent from Airoli)
is water logged in sion station? (sent from Shahad)
 what is a status dombivli to dadar (sent from Thakurli)
Are the trains running properly??? (sent from Dombivli)
Dadar Thane trains chalu ahet? Anyone travelling pl update (sent from Khadavli)
what is the status of central line
train chalu hai kya chalu hai kya? same question asking again and again, updaters will get irritated, bcus of this ppl will stop updating (sent from Shahad)
anybody reached dadar or cst yet ? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
Train prr hai kya ?????
........................................................... m..................................... m.............................................................. m.................m.,..... m.? . ... ....  (sent from Vithalwadi Stn.)
what is the train status from dombivli to cbst (sent from Kopar Stn.)
what about ghatkopar - Thane trains? (sent from Elphinstone Road Stn.)
anybody reached ?? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
Are trains going from Mumbai to Dadar?  (sent from Mulund)
what about karjat to cst (sent from Vangani Stn.)
train started or not ? (sent from Dombivli)
asangav and kasara  local are on their  time ?
titwala se train??? please  (sent from Titwala Stn.)
What is the status of trains from Thane stn? (sent from Kalva)
? (sent from Shahad)
u sure?? (sent from Nilje)
whether Panvel Vasai trains are running smoothly? (sent from Badlapur)
DOMBIVALI to cst? (sent from Dombivli)
go to western line chat
central line me? (sent from Shahad)
central line trains towards cst is working properly or not pls give update? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
is it advised to go to work today?
बदलापूरहून ट्रेन चालू आहेत का???
yeas why not if you wanna make some money (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
ambernath see train chalu hai Kya ??
any water logging issue at Mulund , Sion or Kurla ? (sent from Nilje Stn.)
 Are trains not halting at Sion? is the Sion route clear? anyone crossed and reached Dadar by local train?
Thane to vashi ?  (sent from Thane)
kalyan to asangav ?
is there any problem from ulhasnagar to dadar track ? (sent from Kalyan)
kalyan to asangav ?
???
thane to cst ?
Is running or not 
Trains from Kalyan are on time, right?
train status? (sent from Kalyan)
.....? (sent from Dombivli)
guys trains thane to cst proper work kar rahi hai kya?
what is train's condition 
kalyan to ghatkopar everything is clear? 
what is the status abt thne and sion  is there any water blogged
what abt sion
karjat fast where at a time ?
what about sion kurla railway track?? is it clear, no water logging?? pls confirm (sent from Badlapur Stn.)
HATS OFF to Railways for their outstanding performance despite of continuous rain from last 4 to 5 dayss.  we abuse them when their service is bad, now for a change let's appreciate  (sent from Badlapur)
wat about Thane status about water loging?
is there water logging at sion to matunga
Thane to CST trains ?
Sion duba? (sent from Kandivali)
thane to dadar?
trains from Dombivili is on time? (sent from Thakurli)
what about 7:18 local fast towards cst from kalyan (sent from Thane Stn.)
trains are running?? (sent from Airoli)
is it running late? (sent from Badlapur)
sion to matunga ?
are trains running ??  (sent from Kalyan)
how much late??  (sent from Kalyan)
what about trains between Kalyan to Thane???
whts the central line status from thane to cst?
train position? (sent from Badlapur)
is water still logged near dadar station? (sent from Malad)
what is the status of kalyan to thane?  (sent from Kalyan)
whats the train situation in dombivali ? (sent from Dombivli)
trains are available from byculla to thane?  (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)
all trains running on time? (sent from Dombivli)
pune Express status?? (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)
is trains running on time?
what is the status of trains from kalyan to byculla (sent from Airoli Stn.)
what's the scene of thane.station ?
are trains on  time?
are train on time? (sent from Currey Road Stn.)
where is. cst train from titwala (7.22) (sent from Shahad Stn.)
what is the train status between Dombivli to CST ? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
Is central line working properly?  (sent from Belapur Cbd Stn.)
status of train from kalyan to pune? (sent from Kalyan)
Kalyan To Thane Train Status??? (sent from Kalyan)
what position at sion kurla (sent from Shahad)
Deccan Exp. Train on time??
are trains running on time from thane ? is there water logging btw kurla to dadar?
trains are working ? 
are trains stopping around kurla dadar?
Why there are no official updates like this when we have train issues. once everything is fine we get these updates...!  (sent from Dombivli)
what is status from Kalyan (sent from Kalyan)
are trains on time? (sent from Ambivli Stn.)
Kalyan to cst train are on time?? (sent from Kalyan)
07:32 badlapur-karjat train status? is it on time? (sent from Badlapur Stn.)
what is status of Sion
कोई कुर्ला पहुचा है क्या?? क्या हाल है ट्रेन के (sent from Vithalwadi)
r central line local running? (sent from Dombivli)
water logging kurla pr h kya?
what is the position of trains at ulhasnagar (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
what is position of Kalyan Mumbai cst train (sent from Thakurli Stn.)
what about cstm badlapur is it on time? (sent from Bhandup Stn.)
any updates about Panvel Vasai /Diva Vasai train?  (sent from Parel)
what is the status of trains this morning  (sent from Ambernath)
what (sent from Vithalwadi Stn.)
what's the status of trains now (sent from Diva Jn)
is train running on time from Dadar to Thane??? 
train chalu h?
what about trains leaving from thane station? Are they on time?
train chalu h ? (sent from Mulund)
what after Thane ?
train chalu aahet ka??
hi what abt trains from thane to kasara/karjat? (sent from Kalva)
everything is normal trains are running smoothly no issues of water logging any where  (sent from Kings Circle Stn.)
is trains working on time?  (sent from Kalva Stn.)
what about kalyan to thane train
why if it's late than u r not going to travel by train (sent from Kings Circle Stn.)
is it trains r on time ?
qa scene h bhai? kaha pahucha? Did you come across any water logged tracks?
 hiiii what's status from Badlapur to csmt (sent from Badlapur)
dadar to ...towards thane train chalu he na ?? (sent from Mira Road Stn.)
is there water block in kurla(sent from ambernath) (sent from Ambernath)
kurla thane chalu hai kya?  (sent from Turbhe)
are train on time ?
dadar se kasar train jaa rahi hai?  (sent from Malad Stn.)
what about Ambernath to csmt train all are correct time.....? 
Ghatkopar to Asangaon? (sent from Malad)
7.35 asangaon to CST train reached at which station? (sent from Dombivli)
pagal hai kya tu ?? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
pune?  (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
what about central line
are trains being cancelled from Thane to cstm?
kab aa raha h?  (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
Thane to c s t ?
is track clear from kurla to parel . ?
need to reach for interview at kanjur is train preferable I stay at Mulund? (sent from Mulund)
at what time ll it be arrive?  (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
kurla to currey road route running or not?
what's the status from kalwa (sent from Kalva)
what is the Kalyan to Cst condition (sent from Ambivli Stn.)
what is status from dadar to thane (sent from Kandivali)
trains running on time...?  (sent from Thakurli Stn.)
what is the status of centernal line (sent from Chinchpokli Stn.)
karjat 7:19 on time?????
bro.. pani bhara h qa tracks pe?
Kalyan - CST on time ?
what is the status from badlapur to cst (sent from Badlapur)
i want to go cst from Central?? (sent from Kurla Stn.)
kasara to dadar status? 
are trains running properly? (sent from Thakurli Stn.)
able to reach dadar on time ?? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
kanjur to thane ka kya status hai??
what the status of kurla to mumbra (sent from Khar Road Stn.)
tain is late?
Are central trains running properly ? (sent from Borivali Stn.)
Badlapur slow to Thane nighali ka??? (sent from Ambernath Stn.)
is trains rains on time towards CST?
status of the trains running from thane to CST?
khopoli jaane ke liye aaj local train available h kya. ?
what about Ulhasnagar ? (sent from Shahad)
8.24 slow local from thane running on time???
8.24 slow local from thane is cancelled or not???
CST ke trains time pe hai kya? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
what is status for kurla to CST trains 
Panvel Vasai trains chalu aahet ka?   (sent from Badlapur)
? (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)
is any issues between kurla to byculla???
 8.10 csmt -khopoli train status?  
any warning about rains?
trains are on time ? (sent from Kalyan)
thane cst trains on time?  (sent from Panvel)
thane to Kalyan trains ?
any news about badlapur? (sent from Badlapur)
karjat to CST train status? (sent from Bhivpuriroad)
titwala cst on time ? (sent from Titwala Stn.)
diva to cstm trains status? (sent from Dativali Stn.)
??
kurla to thane trains?? (sent from Khar Road)
where is 8:03 karjat?  from ambernath (sent from Ambernath Stn.)
is it raining in Karjat ? (sent from Byculla Stn.)
Kasara to CST ??
Badlapur se train Chal rahi hai proper??  (sent from Badlapur)
train are running or not
brother. many people are committed that tains are going well. why some people are asking the same question again and again. just go through the previous comments. (sent from Kalyan)
are trains running on time? (sent from Ghansoli)
Train status from dombivali to cst?
where is karjat down  (sent from Vithalwadi Stn.)
what's the position of central line today ? (sent from Nilje Stn.)
Is there trins are in working. still water logging is there ? (sent from Thane)
8:10 wali kya? (sent from Titwala Stn.)
 trains are working properly? (sent from Bhandup Stn.)
what is status of ladies spl?? (sent from Mulund Stn.)
dadar to thane slow running or not? (sent from Andheri Stn.)
traiN's from Mumbra to CST is coming on time?
reason?  (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
any update about hte cst to kalyan slow train? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
which fast train  (sent from Thakurli Stn.)
what problem shahad to kalyan?  (sent from Shahad Stn.)
what's the situation at Sion station?  (sent from Nahur)
towards CST for towards karjat (sent from Thakurli Stn.)
what about Kalyan to Mulund train ?? is this runningon it's schedule time pls tell me?? 
what is the condition for up line
what about diva - Vasai line ... ??? any one please let me know
centrL train  time pe hain kya?? (sent from Kalyan)
what is the status c.r (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
Diva - Vasai ??
Hi are the trains on time??   (sent from Vikhroli)
thane to ghatkopar trains on time?
is ambernath or badlapur train on time?
sion cross kiya kisine aaj..?
7:57 kasara train from kalyan on time ???? (sent from Titwala Stn.)
what is issue
badlapur to cst train on time ?? (sent from Badlapur)
any problem in kalyan to thane route ....? (sent from Kopar)
8:25 cstm fast cancelled ?
kalyan to soin status? (sent from Kalyan)
it is happening so... my three fast trains got canceled... not interested in spreading rumors...8.04 8.10 and 8.23 got canceled now 8.30 train is coming which is late too..  (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
khopoli train update??? (sent from Badlapur)
for cst train on time ?
cst to thane are on time? (sent from Elphinstone Road)
thane to cst ? (sent from Kalva Stn.)
mail trains ka kya update h?
ambernath to thane? (sent from Shahad)
any waterlogging??? 
trains are there?  (sent from Vangani)
what is the status of ladies special?
what about kurla to cst? (sent from Kalyan)
pls someone tell me is there any waterlogging at Sion? 
gya kya?  (sent from Vithalwadi)
8.18 badlapur -thane??  (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
?
Are trains from Sandhurst road to byculla on time? (sent from Nerul)
what's the status of central line?? 
HATS OFF to railways for their outstanding performance despite continuous rain from last 4 -5 days. we abuse when service is bad, for a change let's appreciate them (sent from Badlapur Stn.)
slow train?
same case for slow trains also? (sent from Kopar Stn.)
bhivandi road to vasai road 10.24a.m.what is status? (sent from Bhiwandi Road)
just now 8.09 Karjat left from badlapur (sent from Badlapur Stn.)
Are the trains on time?
dadar to thane trains chi paristhiti ky ahe ??? (sent from Lower Parel)
r trains running between dadar - thane?? (sent from Kandivali)
 Ye Japan mai baarish hui toh Mumbai waalo ko office jaana zaroori hai kya?
what about thane to CSTM
are slow trains towards cstm running smoothly??
good morning mitro train ka kya hal hai? (sent from Dativali)
any delays near kurla - dadar?  (sent from Mulund)
thane to CST trains are working ? (sent from Thane Stn.)
8:45 is late or on time?? (sent from Shahad)
thoda bahut late ho jata hai.. baarish ka season hai.. shant baitho sab.. 
is it safe to leave home? 
What is the status about Vasind to kalyan train (sent from Vasind Stn.)
What is the situation of train from ulhasnagar  (sent from Shahad)
r trains moving properly from karjat n badlapur??
is there any delay in trains in central line 
what is the status of cst to thane  (sent from Matunga Road Stn.)
what is the status of Asangaon to CST Train.?.. (sent from Asangaon Stn.)
status of central line trains?
what is stetus for ambarnarh ,cst train s
are trains from Thane to CST on time?
how to late in badlapur csmt train
trains on time? (sent from Kalva Stn.)
is ambernath to cst train okay ???    (sent from Ambernath)
Train proper hai kay??
what's wrong with this slow line track..
all trains r on time or not? (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)
are trains on time from badlapur??? (sent from Badlapur)
central line ka kya hal hai? (sent from Dativali)
how to late in 9am karjat csmt train (sent from Badlapur)
9.00am csmt train from badlapur? is it delayed??
should i go out or stay home? 
what about 9:10 Asangoan in kalyan (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
how is train position? (sent from Vithalwadi Stn.)
anyone titwala? (sent from Titwala Stn.)
what s the status towards asangaon 
where is kalyan 9.02 (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
trains are working??? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
I am just wondering who will be here if railways kicks off with GPS  enabled trains n start providing live updates. Matter of the fact, is Railways gonna upgrade them to this extent?, may be as they installed CCTVs n WIFI services (sent from Ambernath Stn.)
train status of ulhasnagar to ghatkopar??? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
where is kalyan local at 9.02 (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
Are trains running late on Central Line?   (sent from Dombivli)
are central line trains  running?
train chal rahi hai? (sent from Dombivli)
??? (sent from Dombivli)
any update on kopar to Bhiwandi memu?
you are taking about trans harbour line?
trains from Thane to CST?
guys pls go through previous posts... instead asking silly questions like.. train chalu hai kya? (sent from Thakurli Stn.)
can anyone update from Ambernath to cst station trains running ? (sent from Ambernath)
what is the status of central line trains today?? are they running or not? 
Is Gaimukh road now functional?
what's the status of central railway (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)
train running in time for CST?? more rush or normal public on station (sent from Kalyan)
Kasara train cst se nikli hai kya? (sent from Thane Stn.)
Trains are on time from kalyan to cst??? (sent from Shahad)
train on time ???? for CST  (sent from Kalyan)
are trains running on time for Byculla? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
public jyda hai kya Aaj?? (sent from Kalyan)
9:07 Dadar slow... local indicator closed... it's canclled what (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
why there is no vada pav stall at thakurli station (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
how badlapur
hmmm just thinking what could be the answer (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
trains are delay by how many minutes 
train are running proper or not?? (sent from Bhivpuriroad Stn.)
train time par chal rahi hai kya? (sent from Ghatkopar)
kalyan se train time par hai kya? (sent from Kalyan)
did 9.05 CST from domb left? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
trains are on time from shahad to csmt? (sent from Shahad)
?? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
Ghatkopar to Dadar trains Barbar hai ? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
trains on time or not
What about today's train status from Kalyan (sent from Kalyan)
any status from asangaon friends? (sent from Asangaon)
Train Status from Titwala side? (sent from Shahad)
ambewali train is  goin on time ? (sent from Bhayander)
any status of titwala to CST fast???  (sent from Thakurli Stn.)
thane cst local running?  (sent from Thane)
hi guys, any idea trains starting from thane to cst are running ? (sent from Ghansoli)
where is kasara fast local now
Badlapur CST train time pe hai kya?? (sent from Badlapur)
water logging in Sion? (sent from Mulund Stn.)
will there be high tide today ?
from kalyan to cst ?
Dadar to Pune trains hai kya? (sent from Mankhurd)
today also trains are going let ?? (sent from Badlapur)
are train on central working fine ? or some problem has occurred ?
what abt kurla sion??? is it working fine today (sent from Vithalwadi)
Central railway is on schedule or not? specially trains for Pune. (sent from Mankhurd)
trains chalu ahet ka??
what is the status from kasara
15 car is there today? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
what is the status from ambivli (sent from Ambivli Stn.)
where is Thane train.....I am kalyan station (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
kahi problem ahe ka Dombivali te kanjur madhe?( sent frm Dombivali)
ambernth to CST train running status kaisa hai? (sent from Ambernath)
status for train 9.47 from kalyan? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
where is 9.47 dadar 15 car fast ? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
did u get thane or cst train ? how late is the train
is this the same 15 car from kalyan? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
how is the water logged situation in Sion/matunga? are trains taking halt there? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
where is 9.34 thane train (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
where is 9.34 thane train (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
are trains working from Thane to dombivli ??? (sent from Airoli Stn.)
train chalu h kya central line ki? (sent from Thakurli Stn.)
r trains working from dadar to bhandup frequency are proper or not ? (sent from Mira Road Stn.)
9:47 kalyan dadar status? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
are trains running in kalyan? (sent from Borivali Stn.)
any fast local left from Kalyan to catch ? now (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
hey what about central line trains (sent from Kalyan)
titwala - Thane 9.54 train status plz? (sent from Titwala)
i understand... need to reach Badlapur. trains running good??  (sent from Neral)
any one has Shahad station 10.05 train update?  (sent from Shahad)
is 9.47 Kalyan - Dadar (15 car)  left from station?  (sent from Kalyan)
kurla to cst fast kitna late h ?? (sent from Vashi)
9.39 left from badlapur or not? (sent from Ambernath Stn.)
for all those who are dicey about travelling on   central line,  you may leave without any second thought....Trains are running without any issues however there is slight delay which is quite a normal thing for we Mumbaikars (sent from Andheri)
r trains working on time ?? (sent from Marine Lines Stn.)
pls update 9.54 Thane cst fast running on time?  (sent from Mulund)
r trains running on time from  KASARA ? 
what is the status of Thane? (sent from Kandivali)
any cst fast??
towards cst slow trains running? (sent from Dombivli)
What's the status of titwala thane slow train? (sent from Kalyan)
are trains running properly from thane to Badlapur ?? 
local train proper chal rahi h kya ? (sent from Kalyan)
is the trains are running properly from Kalyan ? (sent from Shahad)
today running the train cst to kalyan ? please confirm (sent from Mahim Jn)
What time does 9 43 sf vat from  kalyan cross Dombivili while GOING to kalyan? and which platform on dombivili...please reply (sent from Thakurli Stn.)
what about Vasai Diva train (sent from Bhiwandi Road Stn.)
Is 10:18 Csmt from badlapur on time ? (sent from Badlapur Stn.)
any updetes about pune mumbai trains??  
ghatkopar to dombivili and return train updates?
kural se nerul chalu hai??
trains from shahad to ghatkopar?? wht is d status (sent from Shahad)
train slowly chal rahi he ki regular..??  (sent from Thane)
what is status of sion- dadar station train..?
what about badlapur to cst fast trains..?  (sent from Badlapur)
Is Mulund to Dadar Csmt train on time?  (sent from Mulund)
8 .27 CST fast from Badlapur status??? (sent from Kurla Stn.)
can anyone update me about aasangao? (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)
trains from Badlapur? (sent from Badlapur)
kurla to dadar running or not?
kalyan to Mumbra slow train working fine or not?
today whats the train update from ambarnath to cst trains are there on time or not
is pwd staff allowed in first class bogi without ticket ? (sent from Diva Jn)
what about slow trains is they working on time
what is the status (sent from Kalyan)
10.18 thana left ?
what about from dadar to cst train o. time or what (sent from Mahim Jn Stn.)
DIva vasai chalu hai ky?
kalyan to csmt ?
is Titwala train running? (sent from Khar Road Stn.)
sure na trains r proper over there ? (sent from Mira Road Stn.)
what's the status of thane??
are trains running on time? (sent from Shahad)
Mumbai to pune train chalu he kya? (sent from Grant Road)
trains are running on time from ulhasnagar ???? (sent from Shahad)
what is statues train from thane to c.st
is there all trains are running on time..?...from ulhasnagar..?
is there water logging in kurla/sion/matunga ??
English aati nai? huh?
kurla to cst fast normal speed s chal ri hai ya dhire ??
kurla to cst fast normal speed s chal ri hai Kya?
cst kurla train running ? (sent from Chunabhatti Stn.)
is the train on from mulund to dadar
bhai koi bata do .. kurla to cst fast normal speed s chal ri hai ya slow ?
water logging h ky kurla/sion me ? (sent from Mankhurd)
is it raining in aasangaon? (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)
what's today's status of trains on Central line
kopar_ vasai cha route chalu ahe ka.? (sent from Badlapur)
what about ulhas to kurla  (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)
thane side line is working?
kopar vasai line??
any stopping at Sion Matunga tracks? (sent from Thakurli Stn.)
train towards cst on time?
thane to cst trains are on time? (sent from Kalva)
is 10.37 cst fast left from kalyan?? (sent from Kalyan)
Today's train status?? (sent from Kalyan)
whats the status of khopoli to cst 8:40 train? where has it been reached? (sent from Kalva)
what's the train status??? towards cst (sent from Bhandup)
where's the csmt bound fast train? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
Dadar to cst trains are running or not?
slow trains from Thane to cst ? are they running ?
where's the fast train for CSMT? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
where is titwala to cst fast train (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
train chalu ha?i (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
can someone tell me whether mumbai pune train s are running or not?
is the train running  ? on central line?
malad se vashi jana h train milege??
what is the status of trains from dadar to cstm (sent from Vile Parle)
diva Vasai? ?
Does anyone know where is Totals CSTM fast local (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
anyone know where is titwala CSTM fast local (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
??  (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
what abt Dadar to ambernath (sent from Mumbai Central Stn.)
did any trains leave from Kalyan?? fast cst train? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
what  status about mum pune trains (sent from Badlapur)
why there are no fast trains in dombivli? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
any update of fast train from badlapur side towards cst? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
where is cst fst (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
update? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
what happened to cst fast trains....no trains in the last 40min (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
dadar to boisar what are status  (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
11.35 amb fast status?? (sent from Ambernath Stn.)
ghatkoper to dombivali what is status??? (sent from Ghatkopar)
Hi, does anyone know if vasai diva panvel line DMU is running?
Vasai to Diva train are working or not?
are fast trains from thane to cst on time?  (sent from Thane)
are train from thane to ambernath on time or running?? (sent from Thane Stn.)
cst to dombivli train status? (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)
where is csmt fast train
Trains Time pe hai kya? (sent from Nahur Stn.)
are trains from thane to cst running on time? (sent from Thane)
wht is the status of train in mumbra? 
ambernath to thane ?
where is 15 car fast? coming 2 kalyan? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
what is the status of mumbai jaipur superfast (12955)train
please anyone tell me ....from virar to bhayandar trains are working ???
Are the train are running on time from Ambernath To Cst ? (sent from Ambernath)
anyone outside of kurla stn plz cheak if idali wada person selling today.?
central line train  are running or not?
11.40 karjt train @ badlapur stn  cancel hui hai kya ?? kindly pls update ?? its urgncy  (sent from Badlapur Stn.)
anyone at mulund or nahur or bhandup?? any train left from these stations for thane side like for Kalyan  (sent from Thane Stn.)
mr.joseph..pls tell me that thane karjat train  whch arrives 11.40 at bdl is left frm thane stn or not ? (sent from Badlapur Stn.)
panvel to Cst train is on time or not 
११:३५ ची अंबरनाथ वरून लोकल गेली का.. ?? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
What about Kasara-Cst Local ?
hello anyone at Ulhasnagar station.. CST side trains status?  (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
is there any kasara cstm that has been cancelled (sent from kasara) 
vasai to kopar local chalu hai kya?
anyone at mulund?? any train left for thane side from there?? please rply (sent from Thane Stn.)
11:46 kalyan fast train towards cst status? (sent from Thane Stn.)
What about the mail trains they r on time (sent from Thane)
neral- thane trains running? (sent from Matheran Stn.)
central train running on time? any update (sent from Turbhe)
CSTM to Pune is running?  (sent from Borivali)
CST k kiye central trains ka kya status h.?  (sent from Badlapur)
are trains from dadar-ambernath running on time? (sent from Goregaon)
Ulhasnagar se CST k side ki train status kya Hai?  (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)
Are the train from Thane to C.S.T. on time.?  (sent from Airoli Stn.)
why is nobody replying??
कसारा ते दादर लोकल गाड्या सुरु आहेत का?
kasara local? (sent from Shahad)
?? (sent from Shahad)
are the trains on time?  
where is 11:59 cstm train. (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)
where is 12 24 Thane.... (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
can someone please confirm if karjat trains are running? (sent from Matheran)
train running status from vashind to kalyan please....? (sent from Vasind Stn.)
so? (sent from Chunabhatti)
now what? (sent from Chunabhatti)
thane se prbl hua Kia??  (sent from Bhiwandi Road Stn.)
what is main problem between vithalwadi and kalyan  (sent from Vithalwadi Stn.)
OHE wire broken..? between Vitthalwadi and Kalyan is it TRUE? 
kuch problem hua kya!!?? (sent from Kopar Stn.)
diva to thane? (sent from Nilje Stn.)
is trains running from thane to karjat??
where is thane Asangaon (sent from Ambivli)
kasara to cst local is on time ?
badlapur to thane sab ok h na trains late nhi h na?? (sent from Badlapur Stn.)
karjat varun CST la janarya gadya chalu ahe ka??
is 12146 puri exp on time?
what's the status between kalyan to katjat (sent from Khar Road)
11401 nandigram express train running ????
what happens guys
what is update of Kalyan to ambernath (sent from Thane Stn.)
what is update from valad to church gate (sent from Turbhe Stn.)
what is update from valsad to church gate (sent from Turbhe Stn.)
are locals today on time or delayed ?
to? (sent from Nilje Stn.)
are trains proper from mulund ?
is central line train working?? 
sir all trains are on proper conditions naa? (sent from Nilje Stn.)
why fast train stuck near to kalyan sation ?? (sent from Kalyan)
kalyan se slow trains ja rahi hai kya?
??
what is current status anasangon to thane local train (sent from Vasind Stn.)
what is status from kalyan to badlapur train (sent from Kalyan)
Dadar tak line clear hai kya? (sent from Vithalwadi)
where has the engine failed?  (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
what's prb in kalyan St's  (sent from Kalyan)
is there any trn to kasara (sent from Asangaon Stn.)
Kalyan to asangaon train are running...???plz update
any train towards cst from ambernath?? (sent from Ambernath Stn.)
what happened? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
are trains in time? (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)
are trains to Pune running?  (sent from Dahisar)
r trains on time??
train towards badlapur is stranded on the way towards kalyan since last 30 minutes...don't know what is the issue  (sent from Kalyan)
what is status of fast trains from dadar to thane (sent from Khar Road Stn.)
agodar train let asatat ani suthalya nantar pn tya madhech thambun thevatat 1-2 hours...???? (sent from Shahad)
what is problem in Kalyan station towards karjat route I m at Kalyan station in ambernath train (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
where is the train now? (sent from Ambernath Stn.)
I am going to khadavli my train is stopped last 40 min so what is problem (sent from Marine Lines Stn.)
what's the issue , badlapur train stranded on down fast track since last half hour (sent from Kalyan)
at where u now (sent from Kalyan)
train towards Badlapur r working or not ?? (sent from Kharghar)
whta is the status of train from ghatkopar to thane? (sent from Ghatkopar)
if the route is cleared then why isn't this badlapur train moving? still stuck at kalyan (sent from Kalyan)
what problem Kalyan stions (sent from Kalyan)
r u mad it's a train chat (sent from Thane)
what's the problem in kalyan (sent from Badlapur Stn.)
pandit vada pav khula hai kya?? (sent from Ambivli)
what's problem .. indicator did not shows the train (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)
trains r running  from dadar to thane ? (sent from Bhayander Stn.)
slight? (sent from Ambernath Stn.)
Goregaon to csmt is late why (sent from Khar Road Stn.)
1:26at dadar karjat now where is (sent from Bandra Stn.)
what about kalyan karjat (sent from Vangani)
where is 1:38 kasara csmt train located? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
but why aren't any train Kalyan to cst (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
is Trains r late ??? in central Line (sent from Badlapur)
reason Kya he fast track block ka?? (sent from Thakurli Stn.)
what is status from kopar to ghatkopar (sent from Dombivli)
where is 1:38 CSMT fast train  (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
12071 janshatabdi exp.mein without reservation non air conditioned coach mein travel kar sakte hai kya? (sent from Shahad)
can anyone check outside mulund station if the idli person is selling ?
any problems between Dombivali to thane? (sent from Thakurli Stn.)
where is khopoli train (sent from Ambernath Stn.)
trains aren't leaving from.thakurli?  (sent from Thakurli Stn.)
what about western line???  (sent from Kalyan)
cst to ghatkopar trains running? (sent from Marine Lines Stn.)
is there train working from Dadar to Kalyan ? (sent from Khar Road)
what about 15 cars fast local from csmt towards kalyan  (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
where is the badlapur train now?? (sent from Ambernath Stn.)
खोपोली जलद गाडी ठाकुर्ली जवळ का खोळबंलेली आहे? (sent from Thakurli Stn.)
kurla se dadar train chalu hai kaya? (sent from Vashi)
what is the situation between Kasara to Thane route 
Bhai log what about karjat train (sent from Badlapur Stn.)
can anyone update on trains from badlapur? 
is there western line is running out or not??? (sent from Kalyan)
karjat se lonavla train kitne baje niklegi ? (sent from Karjat Stn.)
This is Central Line chat, please refer to Western Line for Western Line. (sent from Thane Stn.)
I'm asking if trains are late or in time? 
any problem in kalyan bcox of train derailment ? (sent from Panvel)
is there train issue
कल्याण कसारा ट्रेन वेळेवर चालू आहेत का ? (sent from Vasind Stn.)
what happened in kalyan ??? (sent from Thakurli)
what happened in kalyan
what happened in kalyan (sent from Shahad)
what happened in kalyan
dahanu side train chalu he???? (sent from Govandi)
are trains Running From Ghatkopar To Mulund? (sent from Vile Parle)
trains from Thane to CST status?
kopar se ghatkopar train hai kya???  (sent from Dombivli)
what status of central line towards cst  (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
where is 2:13 CST fast from thane please tell (sent from Mumbra)
Ulhasnagar to cst train chalu hai kya?  (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
can anyone help with the status of trains towards cat from diva in? (sent from Bhiwandi Road)
what's train status in ghatkopar to kurla area (sent from Thakurli)
any idea about dive to Thane? (sent from Bhiwandi Road)
are trains between cst n vashi on time?
train status from kalyan to cst ? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
vashi to thane trains are they working?
hi Kalyan main kuch  problem hua hai?????? (sent from Dadar Stn.)
CST to karjat train are they working? (sent from Vidyavihar)
what a status for ambernath to cst (sent from Ambernath)
kalyan se cst train chalu hai kya?? (sent from Shahad Stn.)
what is time or khopoli train now (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)
where is khopoli train (sent from Ambernath Stn.)
thane Tak koi issue hai? (sent from Andheri Stn.)
what is the problem in Titwala Kalyan line?  (sent from Shahad Stn.)
02:04 ka ghatkkoper se KARJAT train nikala kya? (sent from Vidyavihar)
khopoli train nighali ka kalyan varun?? (sent from Shelu Stn.)
Are thane-cst up and down slow trains working? (sent from Bhandup Stn.)
train held at Kalyan!how long will it take to  reach Badlapur? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
शहाड ते कल्याण लोकलची काय परिस्थिती आहे ?
diva vasai late ? (sent from Thane)
hii !   badlapur to Thane train chalu ahet Ka ???? (sent from Badlapur)
where is khopoli? (sent from Badlapur Stn.)
train chalu ahet Ka badlapur to Thane ??? plz reply (sent from Badlapur)
why so late khopoli? is there any problem? (sent from Badlapur Stn.)
diva vasai train chalu hai kya? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
is there any problem frm kalyan to karjat pl tell (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)
what's problem in Kalyan? (sent from Thakurli)
where is thane kasara (sent from Thane Stn.)
if anyone know plz tell me diva vasai train chalu hai ya nahi? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
1.29 khopoli kuthe ahe? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
vasai jata hai? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
? (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)
is there any problem for the trains from diva to cst??
shahad to thane status??? (sent from Shahad)
कर्जत train चालू आहेत का?  (sent from Chembur Stn.)
is the thane badlapur train on time (sent from Thane)
did kasara fast train come ? (sent from Kurla Stn.)
shahad to thane status any1??? (sent from Shahad)
train are normal ? (sent from Thane)
shahad to thane train status? (sent from Shahad)
trains are on time today from Kalyan? (sent from Shahad)
train late chalat aaahe ka?  (sent from Kalyan)
ulhasnagar to kalyan k local chalu hai kya?? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
karjat cst trains are running properly or not?(sent from karjat STN.) (sent from Karjat Stn.)
ulhasnagar to kalyan local chalu hau kya? ??? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
badlapur se kalyan ka train chalu he kya......? (sent from Badlapur Stn.)
Are the trains running late? (sent from Dombivli)
CST TO KALYAN TRAIN ,PLS UPDATE  ME SIR ?  (sent from Cst Stn.)
Trains r running on time??
karjat cst trains are running properly or not? (sent from Karjat Stn.)
ulhasnagar to kalyan local chalu hai kya???? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
what is the current status of up locals? (sent from Dombivli)
why is train has been stuck in between kalyan (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
We apologise for the delay @Vinod Mane, please let us know how we can do better to assist you (sent from Thane Stn.)
kurla se karjat ke liye train chalu hai kya?
what happened at shahad? (sent from Shahad Stn.)
Kalyan to Thane what is the status??? (sent from Kalyan)
what happened between diva vasai line train is not yet come to diva? why? (sent from Bhiwandi Road)
what is issue in central line i m in shahad from 1 hour  (sent from Shahad)
please reply diva se vasai jaane waala train kab pahochega diva? (sent from Bhiwandi Road)
karjat train kuthey ? (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)
kalyan la. pochli ka karjat local...?  (sent from Ambivli Stn.)
Ghatkopar to badlapur first class rate is how much? (sent from Lower Parel)
Train status central ? (sent from Ghansoli)
do anyone know the exact problem?? (sent from Ghansoli)
 karjat jaanari train kalyan pochli ka? (sent from Kalyan)
 Im coming from Pune.....is this wl b gud idea to come by train?
titwala to cst train is there or not
what happened in Kalman  (sent from Khopoli Stn.)
what's a problem between shahad stn and kalyan train halting about one hour 
badlapur to cst? (sent from Badlapur Stn.)
badlapur to csmt rute clear ? (sent from Badlapur Stn.)
why trains from asangaon to dombivli are running late?  (sent from Kalyan)
what is the status of Sinhagad express??
what is status of ambivai to cst trains (sent from Shahad Stn.)
kalyan engine problem solved or not
what about kasara line  is it ok or else late due to heavy rain
 when will diva vasai passenger departs from diva junction? (sent from Bhiwandi Road)
what's status of  train
what's current status of trains 
sonething wrong with fast track line. any update???
are trains on tym? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
what's update about badlapur thane train  (sent from Badlapur)
Where is khopoli train now (sent from Khopoli Stn.)
kalyan se aage mumbai ki taraf janewali trains chalu hai kya ??
what is currant status of central line, train r regular or late ? (sent from Vile Parle)
Thane to Badlapur train status? (sent from Airoli Stn.)
r they running on time n fast trains are also running...? (sent from Shahad)
what about status kasara local
what about karjat local?  (sent from Ambernath Stn.)
what about from mumbra to kalyan (sent from Mumbra Stn.)
Are trains towards Thane running on time at Dadar?
kyu fast nahi hai?
Is lower parel facing water logging? Nd what's the status of schedule. how much late are trains running there?
what is the current update on kalyan engine problem (sent from Vasind)
To board train from Dadar at 2145 with luggage and family, what time will be less crowd in local from CSMT
where is asangaon-cst fast train..?? (sent from Mumbra Stn.)
what about thane to ulhasnagar?
where ia karjat local??  (sent from Ambernath Stn.)
is train working from Thane towards Kalyan!?
where is 4.13 dadar bl (sent from Kurla Stn.)
what's current status of train from Kalyan to CST side
can anyone pls update?
Trains are not on time??
pls update?
can anyone pls update?
central line any update? (sent from Ambernath)
is there an over head wire issue between vithalwadi to Kalyan? r trains running
is it true?
??
which train would go to powai from CST? (sent from Grant Road)
what about train status regard kasara line due to heavy rainfall (sent from Asangaon)
what is the current situation of dadar to kanjurmarg track
Train to Thane is ok? (sent from Churchgate)
what is The current situation kalyan to cst fast local
are trains from thane to cst working fine???
whats status of central line local trains? (sent from Vikhroli)
what's the status for train to Pune?? Any problem in and around karjat
cst slow trains kaise chal rahe hai???
Kalyan to Ambernath local running status?? (sent from Mumbai Central Stn.)
thane badlapur trains status? (sent from Rabale Stn.)
what happnd bruh? (sent from Chunabhatti)
rains anywhere? (sent from Chunabhatti)
are trains working fine from thane to ambarnath..? kindly please update
rains anywhere? (sent from Chunabhatti)
on which station kasara train now
what is the status for towards karjat train 
is all up and down line working fine???
what is the status trains from kanjur marg to csmt ? (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)
are trains on time? (sent from Dadar Stn.)
what is the issue regarding the over head wire at vithalwadi (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
where is kasara train (sent from Asangaon)
What is the status of trains (sent from Matunga Road Stn.)
where is the kasara train (sent from Thakurli Stn.)
Kalyan up ... to CST status?? (sent from Kalyan)
what about dombivli to cst ? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
where is kasara train now (sent from Asangaon)
what is train status from Ghatkopar to Mumbra?
where is the 4.54 karjat train (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
Are trains towards bhiwandi running? (sent from Thane)
are train from Ghatkopar towards Thane on time?
asangao? 
are trains on time?? (sent from Ghatkopar)
kasara & Asangaon???
r trains running on time?? (sent from Jogeshwari)
cst_badlapur down trains are running or not??? (sent from Virar)
what about an central line from DDR to TNA (sent from Andheri)
are trains on tym ?? for Kalyan? (sent from Bandra)
trains are on time?
ghatkpar to dombivali train status? (sent from Ghatkopar)
train to Thane is on time or late?? (sent from Kings Circle Stn.)
ghatkopar to cst? 
where is 4 : 54 BL ( send from dombivli ) (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
where do u wanna go
आज ट्रेन वेळेवर आहेत का? कृपया मला सांगा🙏
train status for CST frm badlapur???
Is everything ok at LTT station?
has it arrived at Dadar ? (sent from Kurla Stn.)
train status from kalyan to dadar?
train are on time?? (sent from Jogeshwari)
Today it is 12 car or 15 car ? (sent from Kurla Stn.)
Today it is 12 car or 15 car ? (sent from Kurla Stn.)
what is the status of cst to badlapur local (sent from Mahalakshmi Stn.)
what is the status of karjat trains  (sent from Ambernath)
where is an khopoli train 5 .33 on cst (sent from Byculla Stn.)
what is the status from Mulund to Mumbra (sent from Mira Road)
what is status of asangaon train? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
5:31 status?  (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
Are the express trains are on time ??  (sent from Kalyan)
train staus Kalyan? (sent from Kalyan)
local trains are on time? (sent from Koparkhairne)
Kalyan to thane all on time? (sent from Dadar Stn.)
vasai diva memo is running ????  (sent from Virar Stn.)
express trains are on time or not
kalyan tk trains chalu h na?????  (sent from Dadar Stn.)
kalyan up local status ? (sent from Vithalwadi)
what is the status of trains for karjat.
where is karjat train (sent from Diva Jn)
what is the status of Diva-Vasai passenger?
what is status of 4:30 karjat fast from csmt (sent from Ambernath Stn.)
hello,  what's the train status today  (sent from Vikhroli)
what about thane to dombivali is train on time or delay
5.30 15 car  kalyan fast from dadar status? (sent from Mulund Stn.)
central line status???
Vikhroli badlapur train 5:55 is on right time? (sent from Bhandup Stn.)
 how do u do (sent from Bhayander)
what is the status of cst to kalyan (sent from Sion Stn.)
ghatkopar to thane .. train is working normally? (sent from Jogeshwari Stn.)
thane local cst to thane 7.04 what time arrival (sent from Byculla)
any delay in central line? (sent from Karjat Stn.)
gud evening to all train 5:41 from Shadab is running 20mi late I send update when it's reach Kalyan  (sent from Shahad)
5:58 Dombivli slow status? (sent from Dadar Stn.)
are trains on time?? (sent from Mankhurd)
 what is the status of down local from Ghatkopar?? (sent from Jogeshwari)
is there any delay to cst train from thane? 
where are 6:15 asangaon to cst (sent from Khadavli)
khopoli train status? (sent from Karjat Stn.)
trains are on time???? (sent from Grant Road)
is it raining anywhere? (sent from Chunabhatti)
thane se ambernath ki train time pr hai??  (sent from Thane Stn.)
are trns on tym??
badlapur karjat ke trains chalu hai kyaa?... from thane  (sent from Rabale Stn.)
thanks.. but chalu h na??
is ladies special on time? (sent from Kurla Stn.)
cemburu ke lite train chalu hai?
titwala ?? (sent from Thane)
Dadar??? (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)
what is the status  of badlapur  to cst
6.43 da dadar kalyan is running or cancelled??
when is the next train from vasind to kalyan (sent from Vasind)
6.40 Thane train from currey road canceled ? (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)
is 6:50 sf from cstm on time? (sent from Byculla Stn.)
thane se down side chalraha hai proper?
what is the status of titwala slow 7.08 local from ghatkopar (sent from Ghatkopar)
thane to badlapur train chalu hai ?
what is status of train from Karjat to CST (sent from Badlapur)
what's the train status towards kalyan (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
hi..karjat to cst train are running ?? (sent from Neral)
Which titwala Fast (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
anybody find khopoli trains status? (sent from Karjat Stn.)
achha who cares we have ticket (sent from Thane Stn.)
status for Thane to ambernath ??? (sent from Nerul Stn.)
Titwala side trains are late by how much time 
where is the titwala 7.07 from ghatkopr
where titwala reach
Kalyan to cst train status? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
Are trains running from Dadar to CST?
cstm from kalyan fast train?? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
nashik hun yenarya trains chalu aahet ka ?
baher gaon se nashik igatpuri kalyan hoke aanewali trains chalu hai kya ?
how about rain ?? intesity of rain is down today or not ?
is towards thane from cst trains are running normally? (sent from Kanjur Marg)
CST fast which platform (sent from Thane Stn.)
rain is falling or not
ghansoli to mulund status ?? (sent from Ghansoli)
what about rain ? aaj barish kum hai ki nahi central line pe ?
Trains from CSTM to Thane working? (sent from Cotton Green Stn.)
where is badlapur train 7 42 
what about 8.3 karjat at kalyan  (sent from Kalyan)
where r 7.40 asangaon from kalyan (sent from Shahad)
central line delayed from dadar? (sent from Dadar Stn.)
central line delayed from dadar? (sent from Dadar Stn.)
where is 7.58 kasara from thane (sent from Shahad)
plz update kasara local at thane???
Where is 8:03 karjat train from thane station? (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)
7:58pm kasara local at Thane stn??? (sent from Thane Stn.)
where is 7:14 badlapur from cst (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
any one plz update 7:58 kasara local?? (sent from Thane Stn.)
status?? (sent from Thane Stn.)
?? (sent from Thane Stn.)
Guys trains are running on time na ? rumors aa raha hai bohot mumbra ka.. (sent from Kalyan)
how delayed are the trains running?  (sent from Vikhroli)
which coach? (sent from Thane Stn.)
8:23 titwala from dadar .. where it rechd???
please update on 8:21 kasara train?  (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
what is the position of trains ?          running on time or not ??
Is 8:03 Thane Karjat on time ? I m at Diva (sent from Dativali Stn.)
Is 8:03 Thane Karjat on time ? I m at Divaa (sent from Dativali Stn.)
ulhasnagar pe local time pe hai na?  (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)
train on time hai kya???
I will get down at Amb then look for it...you sure about compartment next to luggage right? (sent from Kalyan)
tomorrow afternoon which train is available from Patel to badlapur (sent from Elphinstone Road)
what any the train timings
 can somebody plz guide on local time what time from Parel to Badlapur about after 1 noon  (sent from Elphinstone Road)
trains is late? (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)
does 18520  (ltt to vishakhapatnam) stop at Kalyan?? any idea?
whether kalyan semifast arrived at dadar? (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)
ambernath to Kalyan local status??? (sent from Ambernath)
sure? the morning one I m asking about!
I want to reach Colaba at 8 am and I am at Hypercity mall ghorbundar road so at what time I should leave my place .
what is the status of central line from Ghatkopar
ghatkopar to kurla? (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
where is kasara train
are the trains on time now ? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
panvel Dahanu train cancel hai kya? (sent from Virar Stn.)
where did asangaon train reach now?? (sent from Mumbra)
Kasara 9.33 thane ka kahan hai? plz update (sent from Kalva)
asangaon?? Kasara?? thane wali?? (sent from Kalva)
did you get asangaon? (sent from Kalva)
are trains on time? (sent from Thane Stn.)
9:33 karjat fast ..from Byculla stopped between Dadar and kurla.. can anyone say why.  (sent from Chunabhatti)
? (sent from Jogeshwari)
rain between thane -Kalyan?? let.me know.. (sent from Kurla Stn.)
dadar 2 karjat train status?  (sent from Charni Road Stn.)
nope...where it is now?? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
is 1020 Kalyan fast from ghatkopar on time?
virar se cst local chal rhi hai ?? please help. 
train status?? (sent from Virar)
There are 2 Thane starting CST trains shown on m indicator 6:50 am and 7:04 am , but i have never seen these trains .Do they even exist ? Does anyone know about this? 
are you kidding? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
where's krjt trn???😢 (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
Where's badlapur train.. (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
for how much time does it halt?  btw thanks for helping 🙏
where is Badlapur fast train (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
कल्याण चा आधी कर्जत लोकल बराच वेळ थांबली आहे...कोणी सांगू शकेल का? (sent from Kalyan)
कोणी सांगेल का काय झाले आहे का कर्जत ट्रेन लेट आहे? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
 where khopoli local
10.39 from ambernath CST karjat train at which station  (sent from Ambernath Stn.)
Don't know why Khopoli local which comes at 10.39 at Thane always slows like a 🐌 after Dombivli (sent from Thakurli Stn.)
status plz ? 11:42 Khopoli
why trains are late more thane half an hour ?
11.42 Khopoli from where? (sent from Kalyan)
why trains are running half an hour late till now ? (sent from Kalyan)
where is TITWALA (sent from Dombivli)
central line ki trains delay horahi hai kya ?
where is last karjat train
last train to karjat passed kanjur?
which platform will come 12168 train no
guys are the train working? like it's raining way to heavily.. I wanna travel Bhandup to vidyavihar (sent from Bhandup Stn.)
Will I get a rush traveling from Bhandup to Dadar around 7.00 AM ?
Are the trains running on regular time from central line? (sent from Airoli)
what status thane to badlapur local (sent from Rabale)
are thane CST locals on time ? (sent from Nahur Stn.)
5:53 karjat, CST fast.... abhi Kidhr h ye trn?? Right time pr h?? (sent from Kalyan)
trains r on proper time ??? (sent from Currey Road)
train in time? (sent from Vithalwadi)
6 37 where  (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)
wat abt 6:15 kartaj slow. left thane?? (sent from Kalva)
what has happened in kurla
weather train move towards cst form ghatkopar??
where is titwala cst train (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
badlapur to cst whats the status ??? (sent from Badlapur)
why mainline train to Pune cancelled?  (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)
are trains on time? (sent from Badlapur)
how trains are  late or in tome
is 6;33 train departed from karjat?
central railway is on time ?????? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
central like ohk ?
any water logging issues at kurla?
Are trains on time ? (sent from Bhandup Stn.)
trains are on time from shahad?  (sent from Shahad)
why some of the Pune train cancelled today (sent from Kalva Stn.)
what is the status of train at Badlapur station (sent from Badlapur)
dadar janai wali train kaha pouchi???  (sent from Mumbra Stn.)
is mumbai pune trains rnning on time? reply (sent from Bhayander)
it's raining at Mumbai???  planning to have samosa and teq
what's the status of this train (sent from Badlapur Stn.)
what is status of local train. (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)
what is the status of 7:33 badlapur cst
any update on trains today? (sent from Thakurli)
from karjat? (sent from Neral Stn.)
 train on time?
what is the status from neral to thane local (sent from Neral Stn.)
 train on time?
trns r on time ?? for cst (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)
why trains are late? (sent from Badlapur Stn.)
what happened? train late kyu hai aaj?  (sent from Thane Stn.)
has the 7.33 CST fast left thane yet?? (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
Pl let us whether central railway trains are running ok? (sent from Andheri)
Any train problem near Lonawala,Khandala...?? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
7.51 karjat where is it?  (sent from Ambernath)
any problem lonavala?? (sent from Ambernath)
intercity from pune to mumbai is cancelled.. any  reasons??
where is fast train 7.52 from Badlapur  (sent from Badlapur Stn.)
where is ladies special?
are trains on time ? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
where is ambernath local (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
ladies special kalyan se cross hui kya ? (sent from Dativali Stn.)
bhusawal pune train coming from pune what is status of route
are trains on time ? (sent from Thane Stn.)
are all trains on time?  (sent from Nilje)
holiday?  (sent from Nilje)
8:06  thane from ambernath ..status?? (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)
what is the status of Badlapur - Thane train?? (sent from Thakurli Stn.)
what is the status of thana cst train status (sent from Chembur Stn.)
central line status?  (sent from Ghatkopar)
where is khopoli train
What is about trains for Pune ? (sent from Chinchpokli Stn.)
any water logging at kurla?
dadar to shahad trains chalu aahet ka? 
is central railway running on time?? (sent from Dombivli)
what is the status of Kalyan starting train 8:36 and 8:42? (sent from Kalyan)
what is the status of thane starting train 8 :25 (sent from Thane)
where is the thane train? (sent from Kopar Stn.)
what about Badlapur are trains running on time?  (sent from Badlapur Stn.)
Badlapur 9.00 from Kalyan? (sent from Kalyan)
Madurai express kaha derail hui hai?
Trains are running on time or its delayed??? (sent from Ambernath)
central train status are on time ? (sent from Airoli Stn.)
what about karjat to Pune shuttle 
what about today's train status? trains are running on time or not? (sent from Parel)
what about badlapur thane slow? (sent from Kalva Stn.)
fast local at kurla is on time??? (sent from Kurla)
where have Asangaon Thane train reached (sent from Vasind Stn.)
where is 9.06 from kalyan (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
What about Thane to Titwala (sent from Mumbra)
CSt train from Badlapur at 9.00 is left or is it late? (sent from Badlapur Stn.)
Are trains between Thane to csmt running on time? (sent from Kalva)
is there train to airoli from seawoods
?
9.13 vithalvadi to CST? (sent from Vithalwadi)
Mega block is there on 08 July 2018 for central line?
Where is 9:35 (from Kalyan) Kasara local now ? (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)
can anybody tell me, central train are on time? (sent from Koparkhairne Stn.)
kalyan to kasara route is having any water clogg? (sent from Panvel)
can anyone help me which train should I catch for Dadar to Vickroli and from which platform  (sent from Vile Parle)
Cst train is it on time ?
can anyboday tell where Panchavati express has reached? what time it will reach Kalyan station? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
from cst 9:18 titwala sf where exactly reached?? (sent from Kurla Stn.)
from Titwala any ideA? (sent from Dadar)
LTT Madurai Express one coach derail in Khandala Ghat today morning 0300 hrs. on Karjat Lonawla track
what is the train status in TiTwaLa
where's 10.06 kyn starting  (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
Where is 10.10 Thane slow?  (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
To railway authority, 8.34 fast  kalyan -cst was already packed befr reaching kalyan just bcoz of such fellows who do down travelling 😣😣😣😣😣😣😣 plz take action against such people (sent from Kurla)
where is udyan express at today
what is the current status of 10:10 Thane local train  (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
9.50 kalyan cst?? (sent from Thakurli Stn.)
what is current status of down fast trains??? (sent from Thane Stn.)
how much time to arrive next fast train on Thane station?? (sent from Thane Stn.)
kasara fast train at thane 10.21?
bhai kisiko status pata hai?
Kahi problems Aahet KY? trainche (sent from Karjat Stn.)
are the trains running on time?  (sent from Badlapur Stn.)
where is 10:54 csmt fast right now? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
where is the amb. down train right now??
mulund sa 10.55 ka cst ka kay? (sent from Mulund Stn.)
trains are in time guys? (sent from Dombivli)
train time pe chal rahi hai kya?
train time pe chal rahi hai kya?
train late hai kya? (sent from Bhivpuriroad Stn.)
fast or slow train?
where is kasara train right now plz say with time  (sent from Titwala Stn.)
is there any issue on pune- mumbai railyway route?
11062 which train  (sent from Vidyavihar)
is any problem between kalyan titwala (sent from Shahad Stn.)
11.30 kasara cst on time? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
how to reach Panvel to Neral. 
down side trains are also on time? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
11.32 ambarnath left frm kalyan?
Are trains from Kasara to CSMT running on time??? (sent from Titwala Stn.)
are poona Jane ke liye koi express hai kya? plz (sent from Virar)
hii i m ar Dom stn where is the 11:58 cstm fast train (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
for what?? I was asking not informing
where is 12:18 csmt train. (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)
are central trains running on time ?? (sent from Dombivli)
Any update on the slow trains running from Kalyan to CST - are they on time or delayed or cancelled? (sent from Kalyan)
any problem with CR currently? (sent from Airoli)
Any update about 12:15 slow train? (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)
any problem on slow track trains towards cst?
is any announcement regarding late train (sent from Shahad Stn.)
Is there any problem on cst trains (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)
trains on time ?  (sent from Kalyan)
whats had happened to Central line towards csmt? (sent from Bhandup Stn.)
what is the status of down central line?  (sent from Badlapur)
where is csmt Karjat ... 12.28 Dombivali  (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
is there any train from dadar to karjat? (sent from Andheri)
?? (sent from Andheri)
or any train from ghatkopar to karjat? (sent from Andheri)
what is statue about fast trn frm kalyan?? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
what is status slow local from sion (sent from Sion Stn.)
all right so wer did trn reach? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
any update about today's situation?
i mean train time pe he kya?
What. Was train status ambernath to cstm
is there any derailment in c.r.
are central line trains running on time???  plz reply (sent from Vangani Stn.)
any fast train towards csmt nw??  (sent from Kurla Stn.)
do we have intercity today in the evening from pune?
is there nanded panvel train today.. from panvel
1:32 ka cst fast on kalyan aya k nhi? (sent from Thane Stn.)
where is 1:32 CST train which comes from kasara (sent from Kharghar)
towards Mumbai to pune trains running or not ?  (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
what is current status of karjat to pune express or passanget (sent from Badlapur)
Are the trains running on time? (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)
Has the fast train left from kalyan (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
why delay in train (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
fast train 2.06 from dadar is on time ???? (sent from Dadar Stn.)
2:18 badlapur fast from ghatkopar on time?? 
In Badlapur train r delyed??? (sent from Badlapur)
what is central line status (sent from Sion Stn.)
which platform 16346 of today at TCR 
what is express train status (sent from Sion Stn.)
where will b the mega block for this weekend (sent from Kopar)
local train is running on time? (sent from Titwala Stn.)
local train is running on time? (sent from Titwala Stn.)
karjat to  csmt.  train time to time Hai  kya  ??
where is badlapur -Csmt fast train (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)
hi...any delays or problems on central line today? (sent from Karjat Stn.)
3:30 Ambernath train status ???? (sent from Vikhroli)
trains from cst to thane on time?  (sent from Nahur)
दादर रत्नागिरी वेळेत आहे का? (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)
guys, what is status of central fast line from Kurla to Dombivli 
central line fast, what is the status? trains on time?  (sent from Santa Cruz)
can you tell central line status? fast trains on time or slow?  (sent from Santa Cruz)
can you tell central line status? fast trains on time or slow?  (sent from Santa Cruz)
what's up (sent from Ambernath)
what's up (sent from Ambernath)
 central line tranins delay hai kya?
status of CSMT 3:40 Kasara train ? (sent from Thane Stn.)
central line is active? (sent from Titwala)
what is reason ??  (sent from Airoli Stn.)
Central line status any delay?
Central line status any delay?
is central line working properly or delayed?  (sent from Khopoli Stn.)
trains from csmt to karjat  on Tym???  (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)
why Sinhgad and Pragati exp cancelled?? (sent from Thane Stn.)
trains r on time? (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)
how are trains running late?? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
how are trains running late?? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
what is about deceen ?? (sent from Thane Stn.)
अंबरनाथ ते ठाणे लोकल वेळेवर आहे का ? (sent from Ambernath)
4:53 badlapur has cancelled?  (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)
wht abt 4:53 badlapur  ? (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)
wht abt 4:53 badlapur  ? (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)
is Kalyan trains running??? (sent from Reay Road Stn.)
what is the status of central train
which time of kasra train at moring (sent from Kalva)
trains r running on time?
trains r running on time?
os where is dombivali fast (sent from Bandra Stn.)
where is 5.54 asangaon fast  (sent from Matunga Road Stn.)
where has Deccan Queen towards Pune reached 
where has Deccan Queen reached 
where is 6.03 kalyan semi fast (sent from Churchgate Stn.)
where is 6.03 kalyan semi fast (sent from Churchgate Stn.)
trains toward kalyan is on time or not
hi there can anyone please let me know that neral to matheran train is working or not?
thane fast???  (sent from Dadar Stn.)
is train running from kurla 6.47 kalyan fast is on time? (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
status of 6.57 karjat from csmt
any updates??  (sent from Neral Stn.)
any updates?  (sent from Neral Stn.)
dadar to Pune trains.??
ambernat train at kalyan which plateform come (sent from Nahur)
ambernat train at kalyan which plateform come (sent from Nahur)
ambernat train at kalyan which plateform come (sent from Nahur)
Train 51033 aaj Sahi samay par hi na??
Train 51033 aaj Sahi samay par hi na??
hey.. anybody pls tell me.... is there any trains between neral& matheran  now???? (sent from Khar Road)
what time does train me from khopoli
is there trains between neral& matheran???? (sent from Kalyan)
where is 7.11 CST slow (sent from Mumbra Stn.)
why fast train is so late?? (sent from Thane Stn.)
why fast train is so late?? (sent from Thane Stn.)
return valid till when? (sent from Churchgate)
where is CST fast train 7.24 (sent from Shahad Stn.)
where is cst fast train (sent from Mulund Stn.)
bhivpuri waterfall suru ahe ka??
where should I get information about tomorrow's staus of Indrayani expess from CST  (sent from Kalyan)
where s titwala fast train
is 8.30 karjat at thane late? (sent from Thane)
8:30 karjat geli ka thanyavarun...? (sent from Mulund Stn.)
where is 8.31 Ambernath  (sent from Thane)
where is 8.31 Ambernath  (sent from Thane)
where is 8:43 Asangaon local from thane (sent from Kalva)
how to online registration 
8:50 CST KALYAn sutli ka? (sent from Byculla Stn.)
trains running from sion? (sent from Chembur)
what is the status of 8.46 khopoli train from CST
8.46 khopoli train from CST Kaha tak pohichi? 
is any train toward cst from Ambernath (sent from Vithalwadi Stn.)
kya huwa he.? (sent from Badlapur)
where is badlapur train (sent from Vithalwadi Stn.)
are trains going to Pune started? (sent from Dombivli)
sunday mega block kab hai??? (sent from Nahur Stn.)
sunday mega block kab hai??? (sent from Nahur Stn.)
m in slow ambernath train and reaching diva. shall I get down at dombivli and get khopoli train or shud I go till ambernath and wait for train coming from behind? (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)
where is 9.48 cst fast train  (sent from Badlapur Stn.)
yes. whr is khopoli trn ryt now? (sent from Kopar Stn.)
radar???  (sent from Badlapur Stn.)
9:34 Cat fast from karjat status? (sent from Vithalwadi)
are train Karjat to Kalyan running on time??  (sent from Neral Stn.)
what about cst fast train status at there??  (sent from Badlapur Stn.)
any update? (sent from Neral Stn.)
what time it will start? (sent from Neral Stn.)
it will start soon? (sent from Neral Stn.)
your are waiting for which train??  (sent from Ambernath)
cst train arrived there??  (sent from Vithalwadi)
what about cst fast train??  (sent from Kalyan)
what about cst fast train??  (sent from Kalyan)
please tell me all of you when you are in traveling
please tell me all of you when you are in traveling
please tell me all of you when you are in traveling
cst fast train update??  (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
cst fast train update??  (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
train not arrived yet??  (sent from Kalyan)
train not arrived yet??  (sent from Kalyan)
where you going??  (sent from Thakurli)
came or not??  (sent from Thakurli)
came or not??  (sent from Thakurli)
came or not??  (sent from Thakurli)
Does kasara train has halt at thansit station?
?? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
?? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
9:58 left from Badlapur?? (sent from Ambernath Stn.)
what is monthly pass from dombiwali to churchgate (sent from Diva Jn)
???? (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)
is Last khopoli Fast Train running on time?  (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
where now? (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
is there any train at curry road to mulund (sent from Elphinstone Road Stn.)
is there any train at curry road to mulund (sent from Elphinstone Road Stn.)
what about todays train status working or not
are the train working ? 
are trains working? (sent from Ambernath)
are train working or not??  (sent from Mumbra Stn.)
17018 where  (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
are trains working or not ???  (sent from Badlapur)
4.48am@thabe tiwala to cst cancelled? (sent from Thane Stn.)
is there any issue for trains from Kalyan  (sent from Kalyan)
is there any issue with trains towards Kalyan karjat  (sent from Dombivli)
trains are running properly ? (sent from Shahad)
Karjat to cst fast is on time ?? (sent from Ambernath Stn.)
are the trains working today??
Trains are proper?? (sent from Kalva)
trains normal now, may interrupt when Maratha Morcha people wakeup and come out for Morchas (sent from Vasai Road)
are all trains on time ?? (sent from Dombivli)
what's the status of trains towards CST? 
what's the status of kasara train
Where is first fast train (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
today trains r running???
trains ae running?
panvel se cstm chalu hai kya train ?
what??  (sent from Badlapur Stn.)
Thane to panvel chalu hai kya ??  (sent from Thane Stn.)
wat is d  train status..... from Kalyan 2 CSTM.?
trains are running??? (sent from Vidyavihar)
khopoli to csmt anybody knows where it is? (sent from Ambernath Stn.)
are trains on time ? (sent from Ambernath)
what states cst to khopoli train open r not (sent from Thakurli)
means running from kalyan only? 
Is all the train are on time
hey are the trains running?
 r all the trains on time ? (sent from Bhandup Stn.)
trains running from Kalyan to Cst? (sent from Kalyan)
today are the train closed after 8am?
who said... (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
don't know my mom got the news?? not sure bout it
is train running to thane from Ambernath?
local is on time ? or delayed ? (sent from Kalyan)
what about 6.23 cstsm fast at diva? (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)
train from titwala to cst are running in time?  (sent from Shahad Stn.)
why they are doing all this stuff??? (sent from Badlapur)
train group ka discussion ..ab m-indicator chat mein bhi uplabdh (sent from Kalva)
Are traons running ?
simply affecting common man lives... those who are paid on daily basis... no one compensates them...  (sent from Mulund Stn.)
Are traons running ?
are trains on time?? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
trains running on time?????
what is train status (sent from Airoli Stn.)
Is it only me or someone else also wonders who is this Thane User guy who keeps posting the arrival of trains all day long 🤔
baad me problem hojaayega Kya?
R trains running on time?
kasara to Thane train chalu ahet KY???
from kalyan is train running on time?
are the trains from thane towards cst running on time?
r trains working? (sent from Shahad)
today  strike , any  effect to  trains ?
trains working? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
are trains working from Kalyan?
 train are running on normal time????? 
guys, those who are travelling by train, please let us know whether trains are running or not.  (sent from Ghatkopar)
what is the status  from  kalyan  to cst
is there official announcement from central Subarban Railway regarding rail service specific for today? 
Guys are trains up and running from DOMBIVLI to CST ? (sent from Dombivli)
towards Thane working ?? (sent from Elphinstone Road Stn.)
csmt fast train running? (sent from Airoli)
are trains from ambarnath to kurla running on time?
marath kranti morcha impact on train ????😢
trains is it close?  (sent from Malad)
train r working or not ? (sent from Neral)
What is the status of CST fast?? (sent from Thane)
aaj to band hai then how train is working
trains are running from dadar to gatkopar? (sent from Nalla Sopara Stn.)
 thane se kurla train chalu hai kyaa??
are trains running? (sent from Airoli)
what is the train status  (sent from Kopar)
Badlapur fast status? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
sorry to ask this. Autos running properly? (sent from Dombivli)
i assume trains are exempted from this bandh. But what's the situation outside on the roads?
what if they stop train afterward then there will be issue in returning back (sent from Kalyan)
whr is Badlapur fast reached? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
?
kalyan to thane ?
is train running from badlapur!?? (sent from Badlapur Stn.)
Trains ka kya status hai... Trains chalu hai ya band? (sent from Vikhroli)
seems like a bot deployed by m- indicator to auto update train updates for major stations, funny thing is bot goes off when needed like during major train delays (sent from Shahad)
what is the status of train from thane to cst? 
what is train status is it working properly? 
train is running from bhand up to thane or not
why
trains are working properly..??  (sent from Vithalwadi)
trains r on time?  (sent from Kopar Stn.)
any effect of Maharashtra bandh?  (sent from Kalyan)
hii is train running running towards badlapur? 
train pe effect hone wale he kya? 
are trains working fine ?  (sent from Kanjur Marg)
is train working?  (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)
any issue on central line?
Vikhroli to Thane Train working? (sent from Vikhroli)
local chalu he kya?? (sent from Ambernath)
train are running or not?
local chalu h ??
what about fast trains? (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)
is there is bandh today?
can someone just go and ask the station manager whether the trains will be functioning good or not? (sent from Vikhroli)
is there any problem (sent from Badlapur Stn.)
Everyone is accustomed to just ask questions like idiots...instead of checking chats of people who havr already posted status (sent from Masjid Stn.)
are trains running today from badlapur to Thane? 
train chalu h?  (sent from Kanjur Marg)
train chalu h?  (sent from Kanjur Marg)
updates please trains ???
road transport ? (sent from Shahad)
if trains are working ... and taxi .. rikshaws are  closed.. how to reach office from station? (sent from Parel)
trains on time ? (sent from Mulund)
any updates from dombivli ?
7-41 fast from thane to CST on time? (sent from Bhandup Stn.)
arey koi kisi higher railway official ko ja ke puchho na aage bhe trains chalenge kya ? (sent from Vikhroli)
BEST buses chalu hai kya ?? (sent from Mankhurd)
jaychi soy aahe yaychi pn hoil na? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
आणि बस? (sent from Navade Road)
कोणी भविष्य सांगणारा आहे का इथे? (sent from Mulund)
train are on time?
are bhavanu koni trian band kral Ka? trach sutte bhytel... (sent from Diva Jn)
train status from kalyan please??
...?? (sent from Mankhurd)
trains r running today ? (sent from Koparkhairne)
what about train problem
what the status of Thane ??  (sent from Thane)
Are trains on time today? (sent from Ambernath)
hope trains are running smoothly?? (sent from Badlapur Stn.)
where is the 7:52 csmt fast train  (sent from Badlapur Stn.)
what about auto in ambarnath 
तुझी उतरली का रे ?  (sent from Kanjur Marg)
any idea about colleges working today? (sent from Badlapur)
what is the status of trains (sent from Dombivli)
trains chalu hai na?? (sent from Vidyavihar Stn.)
what is the status of train thane to cst 
train is running...?? (sent from Ambernath)
any updates on train frequency ?  (sent from Mulund)
 is there any issue due to bandh
Are trains from thane to nehur are in service and puntucal?
is it safe to take train today due to bandh ?
what about thane to dadar (sent from Ghansoli Stn.)
yes for now it is safe not sure what happen in afternoon (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
is it ok to stay home today due to bandh?
Train running from KYN to CST?  (sent from Dombivli)
are trains working ? (sent from Kurla Stn.)
how abt autos in andheri?
hii what is the train status (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
mumbai band status?   (sent from Kanjur Marg)
 where is 8.09 slow..??? slow form klyn (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
Hi Guys, any transport issue due to Maharashtra bandh? (sent from Chunabhatti)
is there any problem in Central Railway 
who told it's late (sent from Thakurli Stn.)
arey trains kab Hoga ? I don't want to go to office ya (sent from Rabale Stn.)
mumbai bandh today? (sent from Thane Stn.)
train are running?
Are share autos outside manjur marg or vikhroli stations working? कांजुर मार्ग किव्हा विक्रोळी स्थानाकाबाहेरील रिक्षा सुरू आहेत का?
thane train status? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
hi what is the train status now (sent from Bhandup)
what is the status for cnetral line???  (sent from Thane)
what's the condition at Thane station???
bheed kyu Hai dombivli stn pe?  (sent from Dombivli)
train status from badlapur to cst ? (sent from Badlapur)
ladies special where  (sent from Dativali Stn.)
what is the status of central railway local train
trains are late/on time/being cancelled????
what is the status from lower parel  (sent from Thane Stn.)
Are trains on time today? (sent from Vikhroli)
train from thane to cstm???
did the khopoli fast train depart Dombivli station??
is trains are running on time?  (sent from Nahur)
is train running today? (sent from Thakurli)
is there any problem near mulund (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
are trains running? (sent from Kopar)
is mumbai on strike? (sent from Bhandup)
are trains on time? Any impact of morcha? (sent from Mulund)
is trains working ?? 
is there any Maharashtra band ??
are trains running on time ? (sent from Bhandup Stn.)
are u sure ? (sent from Bhandup)
vashi to thane train chalu hai kya??  (sent from Ghansoli)
what abt Vikhroli status (sent from Kanjur Marg)
train running on time or delay ?
are train running? (sent from Mulund Stn.)
are trains fro. Thane to Badlapur running? (sent from Vashi Stn.)
? (sent from Airoli)
are you sure ?
pubg ka update aya kya? (sent from Kopar Stn.)
will be the train running in the evening? (sent from Mulund Stn.)
trains working or not now then ? (sent from Shahad)
are train running from thane to cstm? (sent from Kalva Stn.)
kalyan to thane baro barr hai train?????? 
Sachin? (sent from Airoli)
train band? (sent from Ambernath Stn.)
is it safe to travel from mulund ? 
 badlapur se 9 ki karjat-cst local ka kya status h ??? (sent from Badlapur)
sanhok map is it there ? (sent from Airoli)
is it?
trains working from thane? (sent from Thane)
what's the status between asangaon and Kalyan
Trains band?  (sent from Shahad)
is there any such thing like rail roko at station? at Thane? u r in Airoli na
i heard that 8x won't be supporting AR guns. is that true? (sent from Kopar Stn.)
Any issues at Andheri?
what about thane stn is it save to go there (sent from Nahur Stn.)
I also need 8x bro.. so that I can shoot you guys for dng such chats at this time. milega Kya?
is the public transport working in thane
War mode Aya kya? (sent from Airoli)
is train issue started? 
what is the status of local train in central (sent from Ambernath)
are auto working in dombivali ?? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
what about koperkhairane station  (sent from Koparkhairne)
 badlapur se 9 ki karjat-cst local ka kya status h ??? (sent from Badlapur)
wtf. why are these guys talking about trains and morchas here. let us have conversation about pubg (sent from Kopar Stn.)
what about Mulund station??  are trains running on time?  (sent from Mulund)
trains are working? (sent from Vadala Road Stn.)
trains on time from thane? (sent from Thane)
are autorickshaw Workin in Thane?? (sent from Ambernath)
u r rite.but other who are getting reservation will get for same.??? i dont thk they agree.
Central trains are working ?? (sent from Thane)
report me buddy. jo karne hai woh karle. I'm just trying to lighten the mood of people here. what's wrong in it (sent from Kopar Stn.)
anything serious? ia it commutable?  (sent from Bhandup Stn.)
is trains on tme frm domb to sahad? (sent from Dombivli)
trains are working ?
are autos running in mulund fine? (sent from Nahur)
what is the auto situation in thane? can anyone tell?  (sent from Bhandup Stn.)
what about Powai rickshaws ?? (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)
is there probkem after THANE (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
is Central line working??? (sent from Bhandup)
Aarakshan ne kdhi admission ghetla aahe ka kdhi tu ?
what is auto & bus situation in thane ? (sent from Charni Road)
 Is Thane shut today? 
are roads functional at Miramar or not? (sent from Kopar Stn.)
What is the status in Kurla
IS THERE ANY TRAIN BLOCKAGE BETWEEN MULUND &MASJID  (sent from Mulund Stn.)
central line are working or not ? (sent from Charni Road)
any information on if buses and autos are running in thane ?? 
can anybody tell is the train running from Ghatkopar towards Thane???
any prblm caused in Thane?  (sent from Kopar)
why to go from roads when u can sprint 😂
Ya they have hearts but when they protest they protest like animals 
Btw what is the Status at Pochini?
are the bus running from Thane (cidco) bus stop to patni ?? (sent from Charni Road)
any problem at thane Station?
are trains are on time at vikhroli? (sent from Vikhroli)
should i go to college? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
are trains running on time or late from Ghatkopar towards Thane???. If late then can anybody tell whats approx delay
ek din clg nhi jayega to defaulter Mai aayega kya?
Mylta ke liye bus hai kya chalu? (sent from Kopar Stn.)
what is condition at klyan stn?
 train is working properly in ghatkopar? (sent from Ghatkopar)
trains chalu h kyaa?? (sent from Bhandup)
is der any issue of trains ?
Andheri la office madhe jau ka Nako te sang?
trains on time or delay??? (sent from Kurla)
Are the trains on time?
ट्रैन  टाइम  पे  चल  रही  है ??? (sent from Mulund Stn.)
Bhai, tu station ka announcer hai Kya?😂
auto and bus working in thane?? (sent from Kalva)
trains on time?
Listen to your heart bcoz heart will beat faster when you see the boss😂
आज ट्रेन चालू आहेत का ? 
u can see news maratha protest is published a self rule list . which says all things. (sent from Dombivli)
we have Herts that's why the situation under control (sent from Thane Stn.)
what is the status of trains from ghatkopar to vikhroli?? (sent from Andheri)
aaj trains band hai kya....???
koi sttikes chalu hai kya....???
what is the status of trains running frm dombivali to csmt
just to clarify for all - trains are running on time as of now but there's a possibility of rail roko in the next 1 to 2 hours, correct?  (sent from Vithalwadi)
9.29 from badlapur?
, what's today's timing of train's (sent from Vangani)
which one (sent from Mulund Stn.)
which one  (sent from Mulund Stn.)
any problem at kalyan thana rout? (sent from Thane)
Username Mill sakta hai? if we lose a match i will create accounts as advised.😆 (abhi reply nahi ayega😂)
harshal parab - fir ST's busses kisi aur ne jalay kya on tuesday ? they destroyed govt properties (sent from Dombivli)
are trains running on time,  any Maharashtra band effect? (sent from Shahad Stn.)
are you sure?
cst tak train ja raha hai??? (sent from Mulund Stn.)
thane me auto chalu hai kya ? (sent from Thakurli)
rail roko shuru ? (sent from Ambernath Stn.)
is there any danger  on stations
trains are on time?
which train become 9.43 CST fast from Kalyan (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
trains are on time????
what about in thane (sent from Parel Stn.)
kasara to cst trains are running or not??
central line update? 
आसनगाव ठाणे लोकल कुठे आहे? (sent from Thakurli Stn.)
kasara to cst are on time or not??
what about after thane
are trains on time for cst? (sent from Ghatkopar)
ट्रेन चालू आहे का? (sent from Bhandup)
what about centre line (sent from Bhayander Stn.)
Autos running in Mulund?
cstm - Kalyan ? (sent from Matunga Road)
what about centre line  (sent from Bhayander Stn.)
autos in thane?? (sent from Mulund)
autos are running in dombivli???? (sent from Kopar)
any new for Ambernath?? for UP locals (sent from Ambernath)
any updates from dadar to karjat?   (sent from Chinchpokli Stn.)
thane madhe auto suru aahet ka ? (sent from Vithalwadi)
dadar me best chalu h ?
9.47 dadar- Kalyan status? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
are trains working properly?  (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
are central line trains working??? (sent from Mulund)
badlapur to thane is working fine? (sent from Badlapur)
towards cst?? (sent from Mulund)
but y buses n rickshaw stopped?? is there any strike? (sent from Mulund)
Trains working properly from Dombivli?  (sent from Kopar)
train status down ..towards thane?? no train since 20 minutes . from nahur (sent from Nahur Stn.)
Aree fast trains from Mulund to CST on time?? (sent from Mulund)
kidhr rakesh? (sent from Kopar Stn.)
how is condition outside Thane station? (sent from Chinchpokli Stn.)
how is this related to railway ?? (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)
train chalu h kya?
what is the  condition of train today
rail roko in thane ? (sent from Ambernath Stn.)
Thane Dadar trains running?
why?? (sent from Badlapur)
cst to kasara fast kidar hai abhi? (sent from Titwala Stn.)
train chalu ahet ka? (sent from Karjat)
what is the status of Kalyan station (sent from Kalyan)
train chalu hai Kay??? (sent from Cst Stn.)
anywhere train roko andolan? 
why should a common man suffer. who will pay for the loss of a day of a common man and apart from which all the natak of pelting stones and all is fone? (sent from Mulund)
taxis running fine in cst?? (sent from Mulund)
if there is no rail roko then who is spreading this fake news?? (sent from Mulund)
yaaro mein college jau ki nahi. I live in thane and college is somaiya Vidyavihaar? (sent from Mulund)
where is karjat-Csmt local now. (Its time at Badlapur is -9.00)  (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)
All local are working... From virar to Churchgate and Kalyan to CST no issues any where.... people are spreading fake news (sent from Dadar Stn.)
bhandup madhe rickshaw chalu aahet ka..?  (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)
kalyan to dadar 9:48 is getting or not?  (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
I work at Thane.....should I go today? (sent from Chinchpokli Stn.)
anyone can please update me status on kanjurmarg station? (sent from Dombivli)
where is 9:49 ambernath local.please tell me (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
i stay in DOMBIVLI...is it safe after half an hour go to mumbai ? (sent from Dombivli)
trains working today?
are the trains running from dadar to ghatkopar regularly ?? (sent from Malad)
Thane auto and Bus update ?? (sent from Charni Road)
are the trains running from dombivli to vidyavihar?  (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
are trains traveling usually?
Buses from Thane ( Cidco) bus stop to patni bus are working or not ? (sent from Charni Road Stn.)
hello guys I got news trains aren't working in western line is it true ?  (sent from Mulund)
autos as well? (sent from Thakurli Stn.)
are train working ? (sent from Kandivali)
bus are running for Thane (cidco) to patni any update ?? (sent from Charni Road)
from kandivali to parle ? (sent from Kandivali)
what abt thane to Mulund working  (sent from Mulund)
उल्हासनगर चे व्यापारी वर्ग आज दुकान चालू ठेवू शकतात ना? बंद तर मुंबई आहे ना? (sent from Badlapur)
seriously?? (sent from Charni Road)
Duranto Ald is running how much late today?
What Rail roko... it's effect people who goes to work.. it not effect to Modi,  Ambani or Ministers... They never in train.. The people who stay home the salary would be cut... the govt will never Pay to them.... It's your right u want support u can support other people has Rights to think of them.. (sent from Dadar Stn.)
that is why i am requesting ppl to stop nisleading others! (sent from Mulund)
check the last line(sent from ?????? station) (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)
who told u? (sent from Mulund)
now wat is this?? (sent from Mulund)
Ravi how you know thar (sent from Ghatkopar)
where (sent from Asangaon Stn.)
is trians working? (sent from Ambernath Stn.)
where sujita (sent from Badlapur)
titwala to thane train working or not???
aaj train chalu hai ki nai??
Please make sure to spam those people who are spreading rumours
can anyone please tell me the status of kanjurmarg station? (sent from Dombivli)
trains are stopped..? (sent from Ghansoli)
is there any update from Thane about trains  (sent from Ambernath Stn.)
is there any update from Thane about trains  (sent from Ambernath Stn.)
is any update from Vashi to kurla (sent from Panvel)
what is time from kurla to dadar (sent from Kurla Stn.)
where is 10:11 titwala at kalyan (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
guys road is block in teen hath naka lokmany in thane is it true?? (sent from Badlapur)
aaj train chaloo h titwala tak kya? (sent from Sewri)
trains chalu aahet ka ??
just got news that trains are being haulted at thane??? (sent from Khar Road)
can anyone tell me the status of kanjurmarg station? (sent from Dombivli)
trains chalu hai kya? (sent from Bhandup)
is there any problem from bhandup to titwala (sent from Bhandup)
what about thane to Cst
thinks like it is trains are working now but it will be stop in some time that will put into trouble (sent from Dombivli)
what about kalyan station ??
is there any problem between Dombivali to kanjurmarg  (sent from Dombivli)
I caught 09:37 cst from thane which arrived at thane on 09:45, reached dadar, so far no issue (sent from Badlapur Stn.)
Are trains running  form ulhasnagar  to karjat...?
kanjur to dadar trains running late?
metro roko hai kya?? (sent from Ghatkopar)
who is at thane (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
can we at least go till thane?  (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)
Abe maza aa rh ha kya tujhe? XD (sent from Shahad Stn.)
y,????? (sent from Mulund)
are trains running from Ulhasnagar to karjat..? 
are the down trains running?
y???? (sent from Mulund)
jogeshwari me train roki h kya? 
what's is update for locals? (sent from Mulund Stn.)
trains are working now from Thane? 
are trains running timely?
are training running from Ulhasnagar to karjat?
Kalyan-thane route is normal or some problems are been faced??? (sent from Kalyan)
?? (sent from Thane Stn.)
train chalu hai kya? 
i want to go mira rd. will i reach on time from thane to mira rd. via dadar ?
is there any problem in thane (sent from Cst Stn.)
kurla se ghatkoper train chalu hai kya? (sent from Sanpada Stn.)
train stop in ? (sent from Vidyavihar Stn.)
 are trains running fron thane?
ambernath se trains chalu hain kya??? (sent from Ambernath Stn.)
are trains working from thane to cst? (sent from Mulund)
is it's confirm??  people at Thane kindly update  (sent from Mankhurd)
are trains working from thane to ghatkopar? (sent from Ghansoli Stn.)
are trains running between ulhasnagar and thane ? (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)
? (sent from Vithalwadi)
parel to kanjurmarg? (sent from Lower Parel)
? (sent from Vithalwadi)
are trains working from diva to kurla?  plz update diva station people
??? (sent from Parel)
ghatkopr auto working? (sent from Kalva)
whether trains are working or not?? (sent from Lower Parel)
are trains working from thane to cst? (sent from Kalva)
Dombivali- CST working ???
anybody at thane pls reply? (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)
are trains working from thane to Panvel? (sent from Kanjur Marg)
hi central train status? (sent from Malad Stn.)
autos from Thane working? (sent from Airoli Stn.)
trains are running ??
Thane to Ghatkopar trains are stopped? (sent from Kalva)
Train are going ahead of thane? ?  (sent from Thakurli)
guyzz can we go to cllg ?? are the train available ?? (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)
is Train are working towards CSMT??? plz rply  (sent from Ambernath)
Thane User are really trains stopped? (sent from Kalyan)
are buses operational from kanjurmarg station ? (sent from Mulund Stn.)
what's logic behind keeping school college open if no train bus or private vehicle to reach
are the train available to thane ?? (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)
thane to kanjurmarg.. slow train running?  (sent from Thane)
train situation? (sent from Dombivli)
anybody at thane please update? (sent from Thane)
what's train status (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
is the panvel route onn (sent from Taloja)
 trains running till Dombivli or not?
Thane - cst working?  (sent from Thane Stn.)
what' about kalyan ambernath  (sent from Kalyan)
trains working from cst towards Thane? (sent from Churchgate)
what is the train condition today's (sent from Dombivli)
any idea when will trains resume from Thane?  (sent from Thane Stn.)
thane se trains chalra h? (sent from Ghansoli Stn.)
apne ko?? (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
ठाण्यात काही प्रॉब्लेम आहे का? 
? (sent from Dombivli)
what happens (sent from Thane)
Kalyan to Thane running? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
just saw that jogeswari and other stations pe trains roki ja rahi he..so what about here..? (sent from Kalyan)
what is the status of train (sent from Thakurli)
wt about ulhas to CST? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
Have the trains started from Thane stn after the maratha andolan chaos? (sent from Thane)
ambernath se train hai kya? (sent from Ambernath)
Are the trains working from thane to csmt?
trains are working from Thane To Dadar???? (sent from Mulund Stn.)
are trains running from Kalyan to Dadar? (sent from Shahad)
ghatkopar to cst trains? (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
is there any prblm in thane side??? (sent from Panvel Stn.)
what is the status of train from dombivli to cst? (sent from Dombivli)
what about kalyan to kasara are train running or not
thane se karjat kasara ki train hai Kya....???? (sent from Panvel Stn.)
Hi kalyan se CsT trains ka status? (sent from Kalyan)
any update  thane and mulund  about train?? (sent from Mumbra)
Are trains from Thane working? (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
trains from thane to cst????????????  (sent from Vikhroli)
Dear M Indicator admin. remove all those who are spreading hate and disturbing social fabric  (sent from Dombivli)
are autos running from thane? (sent from Airoli Stn.)
Anything seen at dombivali?  (sent from Thakurli)
how are the conditions at thane railway station 
ANYONE SPREADING FAKE NEWS WILL BE FINED .. MARK MY WORDS.. I HAV ALREADY SPOKEN TO OFFICIAL WHO IS MY RELATIVE... SO POST TRUE N GENUINE PLS (sent from Mulund)
FIRST QUESTION IS THERE ANY RAIL ROKO AT THANE RIGHT NOW? SECONDLY WHATS STATUS ON ROADS OF THANE? (sent from Kalyan)
what is train position in Thane ... (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)
anyone loves meme? (sent from Airoli)
are the trains wroking fine? (sent from Mulund Stn.)
mulund status? 
towards cst? (sent from Mulund Stn.)
anyone at mulund? (sent from Mulund)
trains Chalu hai? (sent from Nahur)
Trains are running between ghatkopar to thane ? (sent from Bhandup)
trains chalu hai kya?  (sent from Dombivli)
thanks see Kalyan chaluu hai Kya?? (sent from Panvel Stn.)
thane jane vali trains chalu hain? (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)
thane to dadar trauns are working???
Ambernath se ghatkopar tak ka train chalu hai kya? (sent from Ambernath)
Neelam nagar? (sent from Mulund)
Thane mai hault tha na trains? (sent from Dombivli)
 don't ask questions. only those who are in train or at platform give status of train at that particular station. all others just read msg (sent from Elphinstone Road)
kalyan to csmt... train chalu hai? (sent from Kalyan)
cstm bound fast kidhar hai? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
kalyan to karjat train chalu ahe ka?? (sent from Kalyan)
is the rail roko still active? (sent from Dombivli)
Ambernath se ghatkopar tak ka train chalu hai kya??? please reply (sent from Ambernath)
Favorite Meme page konsa ? (sent from Kurla)
trains running in Thane?  (sent from Grant Road)
I heard train roko has been started can any one pls help me out at which station (sent from Badlapur Stn.)
why r train running late (sent from Mulund Stn.)
dadar to vidhyavihar clear? (sent from Khar Road)
Thane mai trains chalu hai kya? (sent from Dombivli)
trains running from kurla to sanpada??? Kopilo is getting late (sent from Airoli)
what is status of 10:42 Thane CST?  (sent from Thane)
kasara line me train chal rahi hai kya???
hi are trains running between thane and cstm? (sent from thane)
What about status of the Kalyan to Thane (sent from Mulund)
is there any delay of train 
train on time??  (sent from Thane Stn.)
is trains are on time towards csmt?? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
my friend just crossed thane and reached mulund. so he is lying? get a life (sent from Thakurli)
what's the status of thane station (sent from Mulund) (sent from Mulund)
mulund to thane any update for this route? 
Dombivali to cst trains are running??? (sent from Nilje)
dadar from ghatkopar? (sent from Dadar)
what about dadar  to vikhroli 
what about Thane...??
is 10.40 train on time ?? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
 how about trains from thane to cst (sent from Thane)
what about Dombivli to CST trains?
how about thane to kalyan status (sent from Parel)
thane to cst route is ok?? (sent from Thane)
what is the status of kalyan to thane  (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)
Half of the ppl r drugged here they cant see reality that trains are working or not.  n thus misleading here.  get urself doctors.. (sent from Mulund)
what is the situation now? (sent from Dombivli)
are locals working??  (sent from Vasind)
sion se Dombivali jaa skti hu na? (sent from Kings Circle)
thane station pe kuch issues hai kya??  (sent from Marine Lines Stn.)
trains running after thane to cst ? (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)
spam those who r spreading rumours here (sent from Mulund)
kyu? trains roki he kya? (sent from Kings Circle)
Trains are comming towards mumbra? (sent from Kalva)
trains running well frm dombivli to thane?? (sent from Dombivli)
Dombivali se CST...are the trains running on time? (sent from Nilje)
can anyone tell me that whether trains are running smoothly from thane to cst ? (sent from Thane Stn.)
Dombivali to Ghatkopar... line sorted h ki nhi?? (sent from Nilje)
to jao, kisne roka hai? (sent from Bhandup Stn.)
central line train status ?? (sent from Chembur Stn.)
thane to airoli train chalu hai kya??  (sent from Thane Stn.)
status @ghatkopar? (sent from Mankhurd Stn.)
train ka kya situation hai ??? #marathamorcha (sent from Titwala Stn.)
shardul express chalu hai kya? towards central (sent from Kalva Stn.)
Ambernath se ghatkopar tak ka train chalu hai kya?? (Sent from Ambernath) (sent from Ambernath)
to jao na. kisne  roka hai? (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)
what is happening in thane (sent from Kalyan)
titwala se can't train chalu hai kya? (sent from Titwala)
Malad to Mumbai central train chalu hai ya nahi?
today trains are open na???  (sent from Goregaon)
bhandup to cst?  (sent from Nahur Stn.)
bhai coma ","  question mark "?" iska istemal karo.. kon puch raha he ya bata raha he samaj me nahi aata.. (sent from Ghatkopar)
what is d status
karjat side ka train chalu hai ? (sent from Kalyan)
titwala se Dadar tak train chalu hai kya? (sent from Titwala)
what's the situation at thane Station?  (sent from Badlapur)
are the trains going beyond Thane?
Hello can anyone let me know , Mulund to CST Train Status ?? (sent from Mulund)
status of trains till dadar? 
Any problems at Dadar Central Stn?? (sent from Sewri)
Kalyan se nhi milega? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
any problem at thane station?
any issues at CST? 
thane to cst trains chalu he ?? (sent from Airoli)
what is status of central line today's?? (sent from Karjat)
so there is no block in thane ? (sent from Kalyan)
thane?? (sent from Thane Stn.)
thane to CST running or not?  (sent from Ghansoli Stn.)
Yes what's status at Thane station? (sent from Vikhroli)
is there any problem in harbour
Trains are running from Kalyan or not..?
are trains working on time? (sent from Dombivli)
in there any problem at thane station ?? (sent from Karjat)
trains are working on time or not?  (sent from Mulund Stn.)
Are Trains Running From Thane to Kasara?? (sent from Rabale Stn.)
are trains working? (sent from Dombivli)
any SC/ST interested in joining this ? removing reservation (sent from Vithalwadi Stn.)
I really dont understand why people are pooping around regarding 'band' it affects comman man's daily bread n butter. neither companies will have any effect nor bosses. we are going to suffer then why this all poop! (sent from Mulund)
are harbour trains working?
what's the status of Kalyan stn (sent from Ambernath Stn.)
thane - ghatkopr is it possible by train today?
is it train working in cntrl line ?
train is on time or what? (sent from Diva Jn)
ppl just having fun n affecting other ppl lives.  welcome to india... dis are indians how they r (sent from Mulund)
thane to cst trains status?  (sent from Mulund Stn.)
kurla- kanjur? working?
is there any problem at thane station??? (sent from Karjat)
are trains going through thane station  ? (sent from Mulund Stn.)
Are Kasara Trains Running??? (sent from Airoli Stn.)
dombivli to dadar train r working or not
thane to airoli working?  (sent from Badlapur Stn.)
shahad to cst?
Badlapur to dombivli running or not??
any issue at vikhroli or beyond ? (sent from Thane)
Is there a train from dombivli to dadar (sent from Dombivli)
Kalyan to cst ?? 
trains running on time????? pls advise (sent from Belapur Cbd Stn.)
?? (sent from Belapur Cbd Stn.)
all trains r running or not
Kurla the o vittalwadi on time train ???
what is the status bet.karjat to thane
since i am travelling i really didnt able to check but what about todays salary all gone for the toss (sent from Mulund Stn.)
thane cst working ? (sent from Kalva)
there is any problem in thane? (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)
what is the situation in thane  (sent from Badlapur)
उल्सासनगर ते ठणे लोकल सुरु आहे काय? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
if trains running well then why peoples said there is problem at thane station rail ruko n all why is this they spell it?
what is the position of C Railway (sent from Elphinstone Road)
from Kalyan I am on 10.41 kurla which is late by 10 minutes  (sent from Kalyan)
thane panvel train chalu aahe ka?
is there any issue after thanr (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)
what's the status of trains from Thane towards csmt ? (sent from Thane Stn.)
Is central railway close today? (sent from Vidyavihar)
ulhasanagar cst are working? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
what
trans harbour status??
thane to kalyan all ok??
okk..means there is no issue now??
vithalwadi to badlapur train status?? (sent from Shahad Stn.)
thane to CST train chalu hai  kya???
In Ulhasnagar all are right??
i want to go to thane... anyone from thane.. is it safe to go to thane???  (sent from Dombivli)
how any kalyan stn? (sent from Kalyan)
is there is train start's again (sent from Diva Jn)
there is no bandh over there ? are the shops open there ? (sent from Thane Stn.)
what about thane to cst ? (sent from Vikhroli)
is local train running after thane? (sent from Ambernath)
what about ghatkopar to dombivili? (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
what about thane to kalyan
can anyone tell me what about from Ambarnath side  (sent from Diva Jn)
sion to Byculla train chalu h kya or safe h kya Jana?  (sent from Sion)
are trains running from cst to Thane?? (sent from vidyavihar) (sent from Vidyavihar Stn.)
what is the issue in mumbai today
what is the local train status (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
I want to go to airport... Is it safe travelling??  (sent from Vithalwadi)
Central railways running perfectly. There was a brief attempt of Rail Roko at Thane which was sorted out in quick time.  (sent from Nahur)
what about transharbour? (sent from Nahur)
what about thane to ghatkopar
kurla to mulund.  are the trains running??  (sent from Vadala Road)
what's a status of Thane  (sent from Matunga Road Stn.)
is auto available in vikhroli station ? (sent from Airoli)
what about dadar to ghatkoper train (sent from Dadar)
is train running from Thane to cst? (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)
are buses and trains working from kanjurmarg?
trains are okay? (sent from Kalyan)
what about train  (sent from Marine Lines)
are trains running from thane to kanjurmarg ??
thane to ghatkopar any status?
what is the status of thane trains.....frndz are saying...trains have been stopped (sent from Kalyan)
ghatkopar to mulund status???
My auto rickshaw driver told me there are no trains from Kalyan to CSTM. Whats the actual status? (sent from Kalyan)
train chaalu aahet ka??? (sent from Mumbra)
Kalyan to cstm train? (sent from Kalyan)
Thane situation? (sent from Thane Stn.)
Thane ke yahan rail.roko chal rah he ?? (sent from Kalyan)
train chaalu aahet ka??? (sent from Mumbra)
what is the status of Thane to CST
can I proceed from nahur to vidyavihar? (sent from Nahur)
tum kyo bhok Rahi ho? mere Bhai ne bataya kisi are gaire ne nahi. bhak (sent from Thakurli)
When was this? (sent from Kalyan)
what is status of train from dombivali to cst?? (sent from Dombivli)
why is the protest going on (sent from Bhiwandi Road)
can i go to dadar? (sent from Dombivli)
trains are running? (sent from Nahur)
trains are running from thane to CST?? (sent from Juinagar Stn.)
train full day chalu h ? ya band hone wali h  (sent from Kopar)
any delay?  (sent from Nerul)
kaha ja rhe ho? (sent from Kalyan)
all train stop ??
ulhasnager train chalu ha ????
is there any train running form Kalyan to karjat (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
are rickshaws n buses working in Thane? (sent from Sewri)
what is atual status kalyan to CST train now (sent from Thakurli)
how about trains from Thane to Dombivli (sent from Thane Stn.)
where (sent from Thane)
will they run all day ? (sent from Kopar Stn.)
are trains running from Thane to cst??
are trains running from Thane to cst??
All trains are stop?
all trains are running properly or not
is it a delay or trains are totally shut? (sent from Vikhroli)
what about train (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
train chalu hai ? (sent from Dombivli)
Thane status please? (sent from Vikhroli)
what about train to sion
wo bahar Bharat band hai to, office Jana jaruri hai Kya? (sent from Churchgate)
are trains working between kalyan and thane?
are trains working?
wats train status???  (sent from Ambernath)
why (sent from Andheri)
trains for csmt are running fine or not??
Q let kalwa stn ???? (sent from Kalva Stn.)
are trains running on central properly??
train chalu Aahet ka?  (sent from Badlapur)
Titwala Jane ke liye Koi pareshani hai Kya?  (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)
what's the status of train from kanjurmarg to dadar???? (sent from Kanjur Marg)
are trains running from thane to cst?? (sent from Thane)
trains are running or not?? (sent from Matunga Road Stn.)
are the trains running properly?? (sent from Bhandup)
is there any fast train from Kalyan (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
all clear from Kurla to Shahad? (sent from Tilak Nagar)
what about the mails
is kurla thane local running?  (sent from Govandi Stn.)
train is running or not from asangaon to  kalyan ???? (sent from Kalyan)
what about central  (sent from Dombivli)
are trains working frm thane? (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)
what is status of trqins
what's the status at thane station (sent from Borivali Stn.)
any idea about metro?
central line chalu hi kya????? 
thane trains have been stopped???  (sent from Elphinstone Road Stn.)
thane train ka status kya hai?  (sent from Kurla Stn.)
kalyan to kasara trains are running? 
Ghatkopar se thane ka kya haal hai?? trains chal rahi hai (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
are trains going to be shut?
r u at thane?  (sent from Kurla Stn.)
are trains going to be shut? (sent from Mulund Stn.)
are trains running in central line ??
Bhiwandi to Vasai trains running? 
current status for central line ? (sent from Mulund)
?
heard trains have stopped at dadar... is it for central?  (sent from Cst Stn.)
is travelling from dombivali to mulund safe right now? (sent from Mulund Stn.)
R u at thane...? 
check on harbour line chat (sent from Vikhroli)
Khalid where you are moving ? towards cst? (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
status of trains from kalyan?
dadar ke aage train chalu hai Kya??? (sent from Dombivli)
dombivali to mulund trains are there? (sent from Mulund Stn.)
what about Sion to Thane  (sent from Mahim Jn)
How's the condition at Thane? Are the trains moving smoothly? (sent from Ghatkopar)
is it???
thane to Vashi? (sent from Kalyan)
how are trains from bhandup to dadar (sent from Kanjur Marg)
Kalyan to cst any fast train? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
what about central line
are train running from cst to thane? (sent from Bandra Stn.)
thane station ke bahr mamledar misal chaalu hai kya ? (sent from Govandi)
mulund to cst any update? (sent from Mulund)
train chalu hai kya ?
what abouy titwala-CST (sent from Titwala)
trains Working Fine?? (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)
kurla to ghatkopar trains???
what about trains from Thane to karjat
what about thane to cst (sent from Airoli Stn.)
what about thane to cst (sent from Airoli Stn.)
?? (sent from Rabale)
is travelling safe now? (sent from Ghatkopar)
mulund to cstm train is on time?? (sent from Mulund Stn.)
what about train from thane to ulhasnagar? (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)
shayad to Ghatkopar train status please?? (sent from Shahad)
no update anywher can we travel ? (sent from Titwala Stn.)
should we move out for office towards cst?
what about trains status central line (sent from Turbhe)
what is central line status (sent from Kalyan)
trains from Thane to karjat?
are trains running properly ??  (sent from Dombivli)
train update Kalyan to Karjat line ??? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
are trains running properly ??  (sent from Dombivli)
from Thane to Dombivli station, locals are running. is it safe to travel?  (sent from Dombivli)
what is the train status? from Mulund to Dombivali (sent from Mulund)
what about train from thane to ulhasnagar? (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)
station ke bahar kuch protest chalu hai kya?
mulund me auto chal rahi h kya ?
which station. Pls mention (sent from Kalva)
are autos working in vikhroli?  (sent from Dombivli)
anybody can tell me what about titwala-CST (sent from Titwala)
status of thane station??  (sent from Marine Lines Stn.)
thane to cst working??? (sent from Thane)
Trains banda aahet... Porgi bhetel ka??😂😂😂😂 (sent from Thane Stn.)
are Thane to Dombivli trains running proper ly? is it safe to travel (sent from Dombivli)
are trains running late or stopped? (sent from Thane)
nahur to vidyavihar??
what are the train timings from neral to matheran??
are trains stopped at thane? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
are trains running smoothly from thane to dadar? (sent from Mulund Stn.)
are trains working from mulund to cst? (sent from Mulund Stn.)
kalyan train status? anybody? (sent from Kalyan)
Cst to Ambernath ? (sent from Ambernath)
trains towards Kalyan working ?
friends is trains are running from ghatkopar to dadar?
is there any delay from Sion (sent from Gtb Nagar)
is training running frm ghansoli? (sent from Badlapur)
is there running on time at kalva towards csmt (sent from Kalva)
Any mob protestors in your areas? (sent from Vithalwadi)
from thane to CST ?? are trains running
are trains running? (sent from Vadala Road)
are trains running late for goregaon to vikhroli? (sent from Goregaon Stn.)
are trains working in central line?(sent from andheri)
is there train from kalyan to cst (sent from Kalyan)
what is the situation at thane station?
what about train time  (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
is it safe to travle from thane to titwala.? (sent from Panvel)
anybody knows are the trains running from thane to kurla????  (sent from Ghansoli)
thane ke liye trains hain time pe?  coz I'm about to reach kurla  (sent from Tilak Nagar Stn.)
are trains running properly between kalyan to thane?  (sent from Thakurli Stn.)
Mumbai local train what's app group  (sent from Thakurli)
are trains for badlapur n karjat running? (sent from Mulund)
are buses working in kurla? (sent from Kalva)
are trains working? (sent from Mulund Stn.)
what's the status for Thane to cst now??
thane to dombivli???  (sent from Sanpada)
thane to cst? (sent from Kalva)
is the train working regularly (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
is there any interruption at kalva (sent from Kalva)
towards CST trains are running with 10 mins delay which is normal  (sent from Mulund)
hello.. r trains running from byculla to thane? (sent from Mumbai Central Stn.)
is thane to kalyan train working?
it's not that simple as u speak.. those who are in reservation will protest back.. which will be more harmful.. first think and thn judge (sent from Airoli)
what is status of trains? (sent from Andheri Stn.)
those who want to see Crowdless railway trains... Today is the day (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
what is status from shahad station. (sent from Vithalwadi)
trains are running from thane to cst? (sent from Thane)
in news they are showing that trains are stopped at Thane station, is it true.? (sent from Dombivli)
thane se karjat train chalu he ky?
what about express are moving propar (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
thane to kalayan? working? (sent from Koparkhairne Stn.)
is there any issues in thane?  (sent from Reay Road Stn.)
thane to kalyan chalu he ? (sent from Nalla Sopara)
thane se aage ja rahe hai kya trains? (sent from Mulund)
trains are working??  (sent from Kopar Stn.)
what is the status of the train from Thane to titwala (sent from Kurla Stn.)
karjat thane  trains on  time or late?????
airoli me chalu he auto?  (sent from Mumbra Stn.)
 Are train running from thane to Dombivali slow ?? (sent from Vidyavihar Stn.)
r trains gng to Dombivali from byculla??? please give recent updates (sent from Mumbai Central Stn.)
are trains running ? (sent from Chembur Stn.)
Mumbai on or close???
are trains running ??? (sent from Tilak Nagar Stn.)
kalyan train status ?? of 11:51 (sent from Vidyavihar Stn.)
.mulund se thane ke aage ja rahe hai kya trains??? (sent from Mulund)
can anyone help to know the status of trains from dombivli to cst?
trains chalu hai kya Thane to cst?
 is there trains from thane...? (sent from Nahur)
current status of local trains ??? (sent from Mulund)
byculla se kurla tak ki chal rahi hai??? (sent from Byculla)
is karjat  csmt line  working????
 karjat line chalu ahe ka? 
are karjat trns running?
Is train working from Dombivli? (sent from Thakurli)
cst ke liye train status ok hai? (sent from Dombivli)
thane to ghatkopar chalu hai?
dombivli to cst train are running or not? 
are trains running on time from Thane? 
what is the situation in Vidya Vihar?? (sent from Kopar)
on time?  (sent from Airoli)
Hi! Trains are blocked or running from Ghatkopar to Thane?? (sent from Andheri)
kurla mai train ari hai??? (sent from Byculla)
are trains regular??
Mulund to Dombivli running? (sent from Dombivli)
 is central line train running ?
kurla se kalyan ja rahi h train? (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
ambernath to thane train hai kya?  (sent from Ambernath)
ulhasnagar to dadar????  running  or no any issue?? 
what is the train status from kanjur to cst?? (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)
konsi konsi ari hai bhai...??? (sent from Byculla)
Are trains working beyond thane? (sent from Shahad)
is there a god ? (sent from hell)
why is it raining on time. how dare u asked them to Rain  (sent from Jogeshwari)
trains are on time????
are trains working fine from karjat to csmt side?  (sent from Ambernath)
kalyan se aage chalu he kya?
are trains blocked??
what is situations in kalyan? (sent from Vithalwadi)
trains are regular?
where ya reach now?  when you reach at thane,  lemme know current status  (sent from Kurla Stn.)
are trains tp cst running ok? a train just arrived at vidyavihar but upto kurla (sent from Vidyavihar Stn.)
cst to kalyan chalu he kya?
cst to thank train chalu hai Kya ?
are trains Working from dadar to thane? (sent from Mahim Jn)
Thane stn se train chal rahi hai kya ? news mai train roki hai esa bol rahi hai. (sent from Kalva)
ulhāsnagar se via Nerul navi mumbai train चालू है क्या?  (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
thane to cst chalu hai kya? (sent from Thane)
kasara se cst train chalu hai kya?? (sent from Kandivali Stn.)
kurla to thane status ?? (sent from Chunabhatti)
are trains blocked in thane ?
trains for thane from cst?
GHATKOPAR to Kalyan train chalu Hai Kaya? 
are trains from nerul to airoli on time ?  (sent from Bhandup)
trains from matunga towards thane?? (sent from Vadala Road)
from Badlapur to thane trains r fine? (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)
guys anyone know the status of Metro. are they running fine. ? (sent from Kalva)
any updates about Thane - Vashi trains ???  (sent from Sion)
any updates about thane Station??? (sent from Dombivli)
dadar to Thane??? (sent from Andheri)
cst train working fine??
express train is running? (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)
Is their train bandi??? (sent from Dombivli)
up trains from Kalyan??
mulund se dadar train chalu hai??? aur dadar se tb hospital share taxi chalu hai???hospital jana hai..
is train available to go to thane from cat end...!!??
cat to karjat train chalu hi kya?
are trains running frm Ambarnath to thane? pls confirm (sent from Ambernath)
is train working from dadar to thane?? (sent from Parel)
is train is wrkng properly frm thane to kalyan? (sent from Thane)
कर्जत जनेवली ट्रे न  चालू है क्या?
where is rail roko done??  (sent from Matunga Stn.)
cst to dombivali chalu h???  (sent from Dahisar Stn.)
Is train going from dadar to karjat on normal timings? (sent from Borivali)
Kalyan to ghatkopar?? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
are auto working in kalyan? (sent from Thane Stn.)
Auto working in kalyan? (sent from Thane Stn.)
are ghatkopar to kalyan trains running? (sent from Ghatkopar)
ambernath to dadar train is running properly??? (sent from Ambernath)
any update on rikshaw at kalyan? (sent from Thane Stn.)
are trains closed?? (sent from Kalva Stn.)
train chaul hai kay??  ambrenath to thane
train chaul hai kay??  ambrenath to thane
train chalu hai thik but riksha and buses band hai office band hai to jake kre kya...??!!!!
trains running??? from kanjur to cst? 
what about kalyan station 
badlapur se chalu hai ka????
train chlu h ky ghtkpr se??? (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
metro train running properly?
kalyan to vikhroli train cha kaay status aahes?? (sent from Kalyan)
dombivili to thane?? 
hai traina dombivili to thane? 
everything running good between Dadar and Vikhroli?? (sent from Santa Cruz Stn.)
kalyan se badlapur ? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
what is the status from cst towards thane  (sent from Byculla Stn.)
thane to kalyan fast cha kya status ahe...???  (sent from Airoli Stn.)
bro pochinki ke liye train milegi? (sent from Vidyavihar)
thane to kalyan slow local running or not? 
Status outside Thane station?? 
towords कल्याण ट्रेन चालू आहेत का?
Gatka ke liye slow train milegi? (sent from Vidyavihar)
cst se kalyan chalo hai kya? (sent from Vidyavihar)
what is the train status???? 
towards central line????  (sent from Grant Road Stn.)
are trains running between thane and cst? ( sent from thane)
what is pubg?  (sent from Masjid Stn.)
are trains plying from dombivli till kanjur? (sent from Lower Parel)
great updates gunjan,  keep it up...  let us know when you reach at your destination (sent from Bhandup)
are trains working from Thane to CST ? (sent from Kopar)
????  (sent from Masjid Stn.)
Are the central line trains working? Or will it be cancelled later?
thane to Kalyan??? (sent from Kalva Stn.)
ट्रेन चालू आहे का? (sent from Mulund)
kurla se Dombivali safe he na jana? abhi is waqt? (sent from Kings Circle)
trains from Badlapur to kalyan chalu hey Kya? 
kalyan to dadr is working? (sent from Vithalwadi Stn.)
where ya reach now???  thane cross kiya yaa nai  (sent from Nahur)
mulund to matunga jaa sakte hai kya?
what's the status frm vikroli to thane?  (sent from Vikhroli)
slow ahet ki cancel? (sent from Airoli Stn.)
Are trains safe for children or not today?
are trains from kalyan towards karjat running on time?
really? should i go to offixe or no
trains from Thane to Kalyan are they on time ?  (sent from Mulund)
are trains working from ambernath to CSt?
how is the status at thane to cst
dadar to ghatkopar? (sent from Bandra Stn.)
dadar to ghatkopar anyone ?  (sent from Vile Parle)
is train on time?? for kasara (sent from Gtb Nagar Stn.)
so trains ain't working?  (sent from Vikhroli)
 pakka bhai ? (sent from Vile Parle)
are trains running frm thane ahead ?
Any issue at Thane stn? (sent from Vashi)
chalu he kya?
a re trains reaching up to dadar?  (sent from Dombivli)
what is the update at ghatkopar station?
I want to reach powai in 40 mins should I go by cab or train? (sent from Grant Road Stn.)
where has the kalyan fast local reached ?? (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
are trains running from Thane to cst?
tell me when u ll cross thane ... and will be heading kalyan
what about thane to Ghansoli
what about dadar to kalyan trains
are trains running from Thane towards Kalyan ? 
are trains running smoothly on central line? (sent from Dombivli)
where???  (sent from Kings Circle)
Dombivli to ghatkopar trains running normally?? 
heyy guys? are train running?? or maratha morcha thing is still going on?? (sent from Shahad)
anyone at ghatkopar station? please update about train details...
is dadar to thane trains are working on time????  (sent from Grant Road Stn.)
is there any issue for train from mulund 
r trains  working from bhandup to sion ? (sent from Mahim Jn Stn.)
chalu he after thane? train? (sent from Kings Circle)
thane kalyan slow is working ?? (sent from Vashi)
ठाणे ते घाटकोपर ट्रैन चालू आहे का?
what are the thane status (sent from Mulund)
train is there or not
what is status of train in Central (sent from Andheri)
trains  r pakka going on ?na from bhanduo stn (sent from Mahim Jn Stn.)
what are ghatkopar status??  (sent from Kurla)
what's the status?
trains ka scene kya hai ?
mumbra To Cst Train chalu h kya.?
How much delay expected on central line?
trains chalu hei ? towards cst ? (sent from Dombivli)
Divine, is that you?
why dey are confuse?   (sent from Kalva)
thane bound trains from diva working? (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)
thane to Kalyan train status?? (sent from Belapur Cbd Stn.)
Train from thane to dadar status? (sent from Thane)
is there trn for nerul to thane? (sent from Nerul Stn.)
ambernath to thane? (sent from Ambernath Stn.)
what about...toward thane
What is the status between kurla and dadar? (sent from Belapur Cbd Stn.)
ghatkoper to thane?
need to head to Airoli from Vidya vihar via Thane? are trains running fine? (sent from Vidyavihar)
u reached kalva?
Bhai shahad indicator people kaunsa train laga hai abhi cst k liye? (sent from Shahad)
is there Ghatkopar to Kalyan trains are working
r train working from Kurla to Titwala...?????? (sent from Gtb Nagar Stn.)
central line train are running on time or not
St ki buses chalu hai Kya thane see.?? (sent from Koparkhairne Stn.)
trains  running late ?? thane to kalyan (sent from Shahad)
Kurla to Thane working? (sent from Govandi)
dadar to thane train status? (sent from Mahim Jn)
is there any protest going on near thane station??
central running properly? (sent from Ghansoli Stn.)
please let us know trains from Thane are working not not??
karjat train??
is there any protest near thane station 
dadar to kalyan? (sent from Vidyavihar)
are you sure? (sent from Ghansoli Stn.)
what about CST to Kalyan (sent from Sion Stn.)
byculla to Thane ?? (sent from Lower Parel)
status between kurla and dadar? (sent from Belapur Cbd Stn.)
are TMT busses running?
what about kurla to thane ? (sent from Kurla)
and what abou BEST bus?
train between Kalyan to thane is available ??
thane to dadar what is status... friends  (sent from Turbhe)
dadar to bhandup???  (sent from Kandivali Stn.)
hello fraaands...trains Chalu hai kya?? (sent from Vidyavihar Stn.)
Ghatkoper to diva train are running a not...? 😥
Thane se Kurla train hai kya???
trains after Thane r working or not....??? (sent from Gtb Nagar Stn.)
Are trains running towards thane from cst? 
kurla se thane train chalu hai kya? (sent from Nerul Stn.)
dadar se train hai ?? (sent from Dadar)
thane to dombivli trains time pr hai,?????
wht is the status? (sent from Vasind)
Dadar thane chalri kya?
please bolo Ghatkoper sa diva train chalu hai Kya...? please 
Central railway trains r running on time?  (sent from Kanjur Marg)
any problems? pls update (sent from Kanjur Marg)
train chal rahe hai kya guys ? 
ठाणे ला रेल रोको केला आहे का? (sent from Kopar Stn.)
Are trai bhandup to ghatgophar rubber on time.?  (sent from Bhandup)
Thane tu cst train chalu hai kya?
does any road block in thane near station ?
dadar? (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)
What is the situation at Dadar station?  (sent from Mulund Stn.)
are train running from Mumbra to vikhroli??
train kurla to vikroli is running or not
To reach thane station ?
Hi Rohan! please stop whatever that you are smoking up! *cheers*
thane to cst train h kya?? (sent from Thane Stn.)
sion to CST?? I am here at sion station waitng for train from last half an hour and almost 3 trains hav been cancled  (sent from Sion Stn.)
kya bol rhi tu..tuze pta hai kya?? (sent from Vithalwadi)
Kanjur se trains chal rahe hain Kya?  (sent from Kanjur Marg)
train running from Byculla to ghatkopar?  (sent from Sandhurst Road)
are trains wroking frm cst to thane?? (sent from Cst Stn.)
trains running from Bhandup to Thane ? (sent from Bhandup)
haha i was replying to a guy who was asking for trans harbour.  (sent from Kings Circle)
r tains running from thane to dadar??
trains chalu hai? (sent from Bhandup)
shahad se kalyan train chalu hai kya?
are trains working??  (sent from Vidyavihar)
kurla airoli trains are running or not? (sent from Khar Road)
dombivali to Thane train is running or not...??
 panvel to CST trains running?
kurla to dadar working? (sent from Juinagar Stn.)
trains for Thane and from Thane to Airoli running? (sent from Mulund)
kasara se kalyan ki train chalu hai kya?
kyu jali na ?  jab maharashtra me sab caste dusre aake rehte he..  n vo log ke minority colleges open ho rahe he.. toh sab tum log ka fayda kyu ? where should maratha go ?  (sent from Ghatkopar)
are trains working downwards from Thane?
Thane to kalyan train chal rhi hai?
is train working from kurla to karjat? (sent from Mankhurd)
kurla to Thane train chalu hai Kay???  (sent from Juinagar Stn.)
Is train working from vikhroli??? (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)
Ghatkopar to thane trains chalu h kya ?? (sent from Ghatkopar)
r trains coming from ambernath to badlapur?
Kalyan to vithalwadi trains are running or not??? (sent from Shahad)
daar to thane ? 
dadar to thane ? 
Asangaon train?  (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
kurla to Thane train chalu hai ??? (sent from Nerul Stn.)
kalwa to dombivali trains are running or not?  (sent from Kalva)
are cst to thane trains working?? please reply urgently
are trains running from shahad??
ANY PROTEST AT DADAR / ANDHERI railway stations and around?
what is the situation on bhandup station 
thane to Vikhroli trains chalu hai kya ?  (sent from Kanjur Marg)
are trains from thane to ghatkopar running ?
train is running in Central line??  (sent from Thane Stn.)
thane to cst??? (sent from Thane)
which one one is at khadawli in which I am there and other Hasan started yst from cst Asangaon 1.04 (sent from Khadavli)
central line train chal rahi hai kya?
situation between Sion and Dombivli pls? (sent from Gtb Nagar Stn.)
locals are working smoothly ?
why ?
what is the status at kurla? (sent from Juinagar Stn.)
what about Western line ?
central line locals are working ?
Auto n TMT buses r running from mulund station ?? (sent from Ghatkopar)
position of thane to dadar ???
trains from Thane to Kalyan? (sent from Airoli Stn.)
what is the position?
cstm to kalyan what position (sent from Bhandup)
Ghatkopar to mulund status please???
Thane to Vashi running or not? (sent from Mulund)
train are working or not
central railway is running ? (sent from Ghatkopar)
GYM chalu hai Kya aaj??
is train Working From Parel to Bhandup? 
ambernath to thane and thane to vashi running properly or not ?
position from dadar to thana ????
dadar to vashi train chalu h kya ?
parel to Bhandup, Is train Working? plz let me know 
dombivali se nahur trien chalu hai?
what about from CST to THANE trains status now (sent from Cst)
kurla to Dadar chalu hai kya??  (sent from Tilak Nagar Stn.)
mumbra to kurla trains chalu hai kya ??
please give me update for thane to Kalyan is running or not
thane to vashi trains ? (sent from Ambernath)
Kalyan to Thane trains running ..?
trains r running late or on time?
position from dadar to thane? (sent from Borivali Stn.)
theka khula hai?  (sent from Turbhe)
trains running? (sent from Lower Parel)
are ghatkopar to kalyan trains running?
trains chalu aahet ka ?? 
shahad to cst? (sent from Shahad)
anyone working in HDFC bank? Banks chalu hai Kya?  (sent from Kanjur Marg)
ghatkopar to mulund please?
badlapur te Ulhasnagar train chalu ahe ka ?? (sent from Badlapur)
???? (sent from Ghatkopar)
Thane to kanjurmarg? (sent from Airoli Stn.)
are trains running from thane? (sent from Bhiwandi Road)
what about status of train running from Cst to Thane  (sent from Belapur Cbd Stn.)
train status ?  (sent from Elphinstone Road)
are trains running from thane to Kalyan? (sent from Vashi Stn.)
thane to vashi train update ? (sent from Ambernath)
thane to badlapur chalu ahe ka? (sent from Juinagar Stn.)
mulund to matunga any issues?
andheri se panvel vali train kaha pochi??? hai ya nhi?
mulund to matunga any issues?
please reply.....mulund to matunga any issues?
and from thane are they working?
what is current position thane to CST, please reply any one. (sent from Churchgate)
are trains on time? (sent from Kurla Stn.)
are Cst to Kalyan train working? 
karjat csmt  working or not???? (sent from Vangani Stn.)
please reply.....mulund to matunga any issues?
train from Dadar to Thane are working???
Thane to Kalyan ?  (sent from Mulund Stn.)
train frm Dadar to Kalyan working? 
Are down trains running on time? (sent from Vidyavihar)
Kalyan to dadar?
thane ke aage trains jaa rhi hai Kya? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
thane ke aage trains jaa rhi hai Kya? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
any update on situations outside Kalyan station ?
train frm Cst to Kalyan working on not? 
Kalyan to Dadar trains working ?
Thane to Dadar???
karjat to cst trains are on time or not...??? (sent from Vangani Stn.)
 train working?? (sent from Chunabhatti)
train working from panvel to cst? plz reply (sent from Juinagar Stn.)
Is train Running Today?? From Kalyan to CST?? (sent from Shahad)
kider bhi koi issue hai central line pe?
thane to karjat train working ??? (sent from Taloja Stn.)
plz tell me kalyan to kasara updates....???  (sent from Karjat)
thane to dadar kya status hai?  (sent from Turbhe)
dadar se thane train chal raha hai? 
Karjat to Kalyan train chalu hai kya?
Train from Thane to dadar running or not
kurla to thane train running or not
Ghatkopar se train ja Rahi hai Ulhasnagar ??
krula varun kalyan jayla train chalu aahet ka? (sent from Mankhurd Stn.)
ne problem in thane? (sent from Cst Stn.)
is train running? (sent from Parel)
is there any problem between dadar to kalyan? (sent from Vile Parle)
can any one tell what's the status from Kalyan to badlapur  (sent from Kalva Stn.)
Thane to chembur, chalu aahe? 
thane vashi chalu hai Kya? (sent from Koparkhairne)
dombivli to cst tarins are running?? (sent from Dombivli)
is dadar to thane train running as per schedule? (sent from Kandivali)
central line train running?
thane to domb? (sent from Airoli)
thane to kanjurmarg??
Kurla to Mulund ?? Are trains running ??
vashi thane running or not? (sent from Juinagar Stn.)
juinagar se gowandi train chalu hai kya? (sent from Juinagar Stn.)
kurla to thane train Status??
thane to dombivali??? plzz rply (sent from Dahisar Stn.)
dadar to thane trains chalu hai kya!?  (sent from Vadala Road)
is train working? (sent from Sanpada)
TMT or NMMT buses are running?
Thane to dadar ?working
diva to ambernath trajn are running??? (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)
Is train working from kurla to kalyan properly? (sent from Belapur Cbd Stn.)
trans are working....?  (sent from Mulund)
are trains running from Ghatkopar to Kalyan? 
trains r running from Thane?? (sent from Airoli Stn.)
any trouble n central line?  (sent from Churchgate Stn.)
are trains working properly from Dombivli to Dadar? (Now) (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
thane to vashi trains are working or not ? (sent from Ambernath)
Gaao ka train chalu hai kya? ??? (sent from Dativali)
Thane to Dadar trains Chalu hai kya? 
Thane ke aage train ja rhi h kya?
thane to cst?  (sent from Airoli Stn.)
Dombivli se thane running???? (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)
are trains running from cst to thane?  (sent from Rabale)
Ghatkopar to Kalyan? 
thane badlapur?
Thane to Karjat??
thane tak trains jaa rahe he kya?? (sent from Chunabhatti Stn.)
karjat se kalyan chalu he ?
thane to vashi ? any update ? (sent from Ambernath)
kalyan se titwala trains chalu hai??? (sent from Kalyan)
thane to Dombivali kaisa hai trains? (sent from Titwala Stn.)
vikroli se kalyan chalu hai kya? (sent from Vikhroli)
vikroli se kalyan chalu hai kya?
are train's on time from CST? 
Kalyan to thane trains aahet ka...? (sent from Thakurli)
are train's on time from CST? 
are train's on time from CST? 
what is status of train (sent from Khar Road)
titwala se kalyan hai trains??? (sent from Kalyan)
titwala se kalyan hai trains??? (sent from Kalyan)
what is status of train (sent from Khar Road)
buses from kanjurmarg is they running?  (sent from Nilje Stn.)
thane to vashi train status? (sent from Kalva)
are the trains running properly towards cst?  (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
are trains running from cst to Thane.. and Thane to vashi?? (sent from Vidyavihar)
thane to kalyan train status ???
dadar to mulund trains are working?  (sent from Dadar)
airoli to thane?
Any update about Thane? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
Bus? Rikshaw? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
kurla to thane train working? (sent from Juinagar Stn.)
where is it stoppee (sent from Thakurli Stn.)
dadar to kalyan train working or not? (sent from Vadala Road)
are the trains running properly in central line .??? (sent from Thakurli)
thane to kurla trains are running or not?
Kurla thane trains r running ?? (sent from Nerul)
can anyone pls tell are the trains running properly to cst?  (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
Ghatkopar to cstm running? (sent from Andheri)
what is the status of the train  (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
At thane, are still trains running? ki public ne rok rakha hai? any idea?  (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)
cst to Thane?  (sent from Sandhurst Road)
what is the status of thane to shahad (sent from Koparkhairne)
status of dombivli to ghatkopar?  (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
kharghar to thane trains are working or not?? (sent from Kharghar Stn.)
what about karjat trn  (sent from Thane Stn.)
are trains running from thane to Kalyan? (sent from Thane)
train right time he kya?? (sent from Thane Stn.)
?
train's on time? 
???? (sent from Kharghar Stn.)
Trains are running alright? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
? (sent from Thane Stn.)
trains from ghatkopar to mumbra? (sent from Koparkhairne)
are trains running properly from kurla to kalyan?
Everything fine at dadar? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
kalyan to thane? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
kurla to thane trains are running?  (sent from Sanpada Stn.)
train updates from nahur?
is everything fine at Dadar? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
Thane kalyan?  (sent from Airoli Stn.)
 is it safe to travel??
domivali se CST train chalu h? (sent from Thakurli Stn.)
trains towards CSMT is working fine ?? (sent from Ghansoli)
trains chalu hai Kya? (sent from Belapur Cbd Stn.)
are trains running from thane?
are trains running from thane to dombivli? any thing to b worried about on thane stn...plz reply (sent from Thane)
is the western line working normal?
guys trains chalu hai kyaaaa??? (sent from Nahur)
why only they.. why not us.. we all should stand together.. fight together... 
trains from Airoli to thane working? (sent from Airoli Stn.)
csmt to Kalyan working fine? (sent from Andheri)
kalyan to thane train chalu ahet ka...??? (sent from Shahad Stn.)
what about the Thans-Harbor status..?
train are running or not
Bhandup to thane status? (sent from Bhandup)
central line ke trains chal rahe hai kya?? (sent from Matunga Road Stn.)
Kurka to Thane trains chalu hai kya? (sent from Kurla)
badlapur se kalyan chalu h kya? (sent from Kalyan)
Ambernath Tarim status from Thane??  (sent from Churchgate)
kalyan local working ??? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
are there trains running from cst to ambernath???? 
are there any train working from ghatkopar to dadar ? (sent from Vidyavihar)
dadar to thane slow train is working?
what about the status of trans harbour railway (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)
alankar hai kya zinda?  (sent from Dombivli)
dombivli to thakurli working? (sent from Dombivli)
Are the trains working from Thane to Kalyan? (sent from Ghatkopar)
are trains from harbour to andheri working? (sent from Belapur Cbd)
status of thane to CST is train stopped?? (sent from Shahad Stn.)
dombivli to thakurli working? (sent from Dombivli)
train status??? (sent from Govandi)
central line chalu hai kya?
what is train status from kalyan to kasara (sent from Atgan)
thane to Vashi ?  (sent from Badlapur)
ghatkopar to cst ? running ? (sent from Koparkhairne)
Hi all, what's the status of trains to Kalyan
strawberry strawberry khel raha Hai kya?  (sent from Dombivli)
thane to Vashi status ?? (sent from Bandra)
kurla to CST is working ?
Vashi to Thane is working...? (sent from Nerul)
kurla to gharkopar train is stucked???  (sent from Kurla Stn.)
is there a problem in parel? (sent from Churchgate Stn.)
csmt to Mulund? (sent from Andheri)
dadar to cst?  (sent from Chembur Stn.)
how are trains at Thane
what's the central line train status?
trains chalu hai na??  (sent from Churchgate)
are the trains working?  (sent from Vashi Stn.)
kalwa to mulund chalu ahe kay? (sent from Vikhroli)
is there any issue at thane station (sent from Bhandup)
Nahi sab ke sab kharab ho gaye... thik karega?  (sent from Dombivli)
are trains operational?
is there any issue between kurla to thane??  (sent from Juinagar Stn.)
is the train is working from Cst to Thane  (sent from Cst Stn.)
trains are running??? (sent from Shahad)
Kalyan-Gharkopar chalu hai? (sent from Matunga Road)
thane to cst any problem??? (sent from Bhiwandi Road Stn.)
condition at station ...? (sent from thane stn ( 
hi...trains are closed? (sent from Vidyavihar Stn.)
cold? cold zhalay tula?  (sent from Dombivli)
nusta dhurr matlab ?
are the trains running on time from cst to thane ? (sent from Marine Lines Stn.)
Nahi nahi aaj Wednesday hai toh sab band rahega kya?  (sent from Dombivli)
kaand shuru hogaya kya??
Thane to Cst trains are running? (sent from Airoli Stn.)
kurla to kalyan train chalu he kya ? (sent from Nerul Stn.)
status please train from CST? (sent from Churchgate)
central line is running..?? (sent from Kalyan)
Tu CST pe aana churchgate se kya Karega? paunch Baad me chup chap jaa (sent from Dombivli)
dadar to kalyn train are working or not? (sent from Parel)
Toh abhi kaun poocha?  (sent from Dombivli)
any issue in Thane ? (sent from Kalva)
cst me duga party chalega aj?? (sent from Nilje)
diva to dadar??
any idea of fast local towards cstm?  (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
all r on time any issue ...abhi? (sent from Ghatkopar)
any update from badlapur to csmt?
fast kurla to domb chalu hai kya ? (sent from Seawood Darave Stn.)
thane to Panvel? (sent from Bhandup)
panvel to Thane? (sent from Nerul)
is there any issue at thane station...
Toh kaise khilayega? 😂 😂  (sent from Dombivli)
yasss!! Chal phir kitne baje milega?  (sent from Dombivli)
ghtkopar to mumbra is on time ? or not 
thane to Panvel? (sent from Bhandup)
is central line alright?? (sent from Vidyavihar)
drop kidhar Gira hai?  (sent from Nerul)
guys is Thane to down working? (sent from Thane Stn.)
thane to Panvel? (sent from Bhandup)
????  (sent from Masjid Stn.)
😂 😂 😂 party dega na aaj tu?  (sent from Dombivli)
are the train function till thane ?? (sent from Ambernath Stn.)
karjat se Nikal rha h trains??
what is the status of central railway (sent from Shelu Stn.)
guys, what is the train situation between thane and Dombivli (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
what's the status of train?? (sent from Santa Cruz)
 thane to ambernath ?? (sent from Ghansoli Stn.)
apetite chalu hai kya thane me? (sent from Koparkhairne Stn.)
pubg khelegi?
what status train khopli to bombivli
where is kalyan 1;58 any one have any idea (sent from Sion Stn.)
Chinmay Patil tum par tracker laga diya hai.... necessary action will be taken when found
what is stutars local tren thane to kalyan  (sent from Vithalwadi)
is central line running?
is central line running?
what is the train status in thane (sent from Thane)
there is a man who is clearly drunk in the ladies compartment and misbehaving, shouting. what should be done?? (sent from Vidyavihar Stn.)
anyone traveling from Kasara? (sent from Mulund)
what is stutars local tren thane to kalyan  (sent from Vithalwadi)
Mulund to dadar are train running on time? (sent from Mulund)
central line chalu hai kya? 
Are trains running between Thane -CST?
can anyone check outside Thane station if Appetite Momos is open? (sent from Jogeshwari)
thane train? (sent from Dadar Stn.)
what is status of kalyan to cst train?
what is the status at Thane station (sent from Kalva)
are trains running till dadar? (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)
whats the status of thane trains? is dadar bandd? 
train between dadar to chembur running or not? (sent from Dadar)
dadar see thane ke liye train chalu hai Kya? (sent from Dadar Stn.)
are trains Running?
kurla station train status??? (sent from Vidyavihar Stn.)
Karla to cst fast?  (sent from Chembur Stn.)
Kurla ambernath train? (sent from Govandi Stn.)
thane to vashi any update ?
what is the position 
is panvel vasai 2.35 train running?
?? (sent from Mulund)
central line chalu aahe ka ? towards CSMT (sent from Airoli Stn.)
thane to kurla? (sent from Thane Stn.)
train chalu hai kya?  (sent from Vithalwadi)
status at Thane on central line ? (sent from Kalva)
nahur to csmt ?  (sent from Nahur Stn.)
are trains working from dadar to dombivli? (sent from Matunga Road Stn.)
what is the train status (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)
Thane to CST trains r working or not ??
is central down line is working?? 
trains working?? (sent from Mulund)
are you ok? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
churchgate to virar ?
any delay ? (sent from Nahur Stn.)
train condition at central??
central line ka status kya hai!!? 
kurla to thane ? (sent from Juinagar)
Is tea stall outside thank station open???
anything to worry about ?  (sent from Nahur Stn.)
dadat bandd nai hai? 
outer station long distance working or not
kuku do you love me? (sent from Koparkhairne Stn.)
churchgate to virar ? (sent from Cst Stn.)
central line chalu h kya? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
dadar is blocked? 
central?? (sent from Thane)
Thane to Dadar trains chalu hai kya proper? (sent from Airoli Stn.)
kuku do you want me? (sent from Koparkhairne Stn.)
darshana whats the status at thane? 
airoli to thana ten chalu hi? (sent from Airoli)
ulahasnagar train are working or not 
hai? (sent from Airoli)
senteral line running? (sent from Santa Cruz Stn.)
Is tea stall outside Thane station open???
what's the status from thane to airoli (sent from Dadar Stn.)
bhandup la train chalu ahe ka?? (sent from Airoli Stn.)
are trains working from sion to Mulund? (sent from Mulund)
is central line working properly ? (sent from Koparkhairne)
ambernath or Badlapur trains are running pls reply?
war about diva vasai shuttle train??
kurla to kalyan ??
Sanpada to Thane trains chalu ahet ka? (sent from Seawood Darave)
thane te Kalyan train chalu ahet ka?
Nerul to Thane trains? (sent from Belapur Cbd)
what about Ambernarth to Kalyan
thane to vashi train chalu hai kya ? (sent from Ambernath)
vikhrkli to Dadar train chaalu hai?? (sent from Vikhroli)
Are trains working from kurla to thane? (sent from Kharghar)
Thane to Ghatkopar?
thane to vashi chalu h kya? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
thane onwards trains chalu hai kya?
what about kurla to nerul (sent from Chembur)
thane to Dombivli trains ahet? (sent from Kharghar Stn.)
ambernath to cst train chalu hai ka ? (sent from Ambernath)
English pliss? (sent from Vile Parle)
Hey Anyone Can Help me with KYN-TNA trns running smooth ?
thane- vashi route started or not ? (sent from Thakurli Stn.)
I said why are you fighting (sent from Rabale Stn.)
Is there any train for dadar on central railway (sent from Badlapur)
Are the trains working from Kalyan to Badlapur? plz can any one reply (sent from Vithalwadi Stn.)
are trains working??  (sent from Titwala Stn.)
are downside trains working?? (sent from Nerul Stn.)
hi badlapur train running?
Dadar se Kalyan train chalu hai kya??? (sent from Khar Road)
what is the closing time of band
I really has to know, Is there any local train for dadar from badlapur? (sent from Badlapur)
what about thane to badlapur? (sent from Ghansoli Stn.)
what about local train between vikhroli and kurla (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)
how to reach thane station from waghbhil
can anyone help me that harbour line trains are running or not?? (sent from Ghatkopar)
status plzz?  (sent from Andheri)
dombivli to badlapur train????? (sent from Kopar)
dombivli se cst train hai kya??  (sent from Dombivli)
how can she slap (sent from Vile Parle)
can anyone suggest, whether we should leave the office earliest or it will be fine to leave during eve? considering the trains status  (sent from Churchgate)
is central line closed due to statewide shutdown?  (sent from Dahisar)
thane to kalya? (sent from Andheri)
thane to vashi chalu hai kya? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
 someone pls tell me Dombivali to dadar trains working or not
Thane to badlapur train is running? (sent from Vidyavihar Stn.)
cst to Kalyan chalu h? (sent from Vithalwadi)
anyone travelling in 1.28 Thane cstm ,what's the status (sent from Thane Stn.)
Kurla cst chalu hai? (sent from Kurla Stn.)
are trains running from Vikhroli to cst? (sent from Kanjur Marg)
train from kurla to thane working?  (sent from Nerul Stn.)
harbour ka kya scene? also, trans harbour band hai kya? (sent from Vidyavihar Stn.)
trains running from thane???? 
thane-cst chalu hai kay???
vashi se cst jane wala  train chalu he kya ??
Thane me autos chalu h kya ??? (sent from Rabale Stn.)
Ambernath to cst chal raha hai kya?
thane me sab safe h na ? (sent from Rabale Stn.)
kanjurmag to Kalyan train chalu hai kya?
is any trains from Kurla to Kalyan working ? (sent from Vashi Stn.)
Kalyan trains are working?
Kurla to Kalyan chalu hai kya?
Train to kalyan running or not
Train to kalyan running or not
Train to kalyan running or not
kya auto Chalau me Thane me ?  (sent from Rabale Stn.)
CST to Kalyan fast trains working good? (sent from Vidyavihar Stn.)
Thane cst train chalu hai kya ?
train aa raha hai kya thane to ulhas nagar? (sent from Thane Stn.)
are fast trains running from cst to pune?? (sent from Cst Stn.)
dombivali trains r working ?  (sent from Churchgate Stn.)
badlapur ti thane? (sent from Badlapur)
Titwala train chalu ahe ka ? (sent from Rabale)
is the train working from bandra to Andheri (sent from Bandra)
cst to thane train chalu hai?? (sent from Chinchpokli Stn.)
Mulund Badlapur  ??? (sent from Mulund Stn.)
how is central line?? operating (sent from Airoli)
Train chalu ahe ka vidyavihar kalyan ? (sent from Vidyavihar Stn.)
dombivali to thane is working???  (sent from Panvel Stn.)
mulund to cst chalu hai? (sent from Mulund Stn.)
what's the status are trains running on Central line.? (sent from Kurla)
mumbra to cst?
how abt thane?? is it still in problem???  (sent from Kandivali Stn.)
how about Thane to cst (sent from Thane)
are trains from airoli to thane working ?? (sent from Airoli)
ghatkor to mulund train chalu ha????? (sent from Chembur Stn.)
are trains workng from cst to ulhas?? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
what about ghatkopar to thane?
How about Dombivli to CST? (sent from Dombivli)
dombivli to cst?
trains chalu aahe ka? (sent from Vidyavihar)
what about aasangoan train ? (sent from Thane)
thane to dombivali have any other route? (sent from Airoli Stn.)
What about trains from Kalyan to CST
are csmt central trains working ?? (sent from Tilak Nagar)
dadar Kalyan trains running? (sent from Shahad)
thane vashi line chalu hai?
ghansoli se Thane chalu hai Kea? 
Kalyan to dombivli train are started?? (sent from Vithalwadi)
are ghatkopar to kalyan trains working ??
Dadar to Ghatkopar status ? (sent from Vile Parle Stn.)
Are trains working from cst to kalyan?  (sent from Cst Stn.)
Thane to Dombivali chalu h?
kidhar bread milega kya? mulund mein? ugrent asf  (sent from Bhandup Stn.)
Vikhroli to Kurla chalu hai k nhi? (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)
Kurla to dadar trains working or not ?? (sent from Tilak Nagar)
mitranno..train chalu aahe ka ?  (sent from Shahad)
is it bad? (sent from Vile Parle)
kumar, ghansoli stn vra kay hal aahe?
thane to Dombivali chalu ahet?
bhai thane station k bahar medu wada mil rha hai kya ?
where u r heading? (sent from Airoli Stn.)
is the central line working?
what about kailash jumbo vadapao at dadar? open?
Are trains running from dadar to mulund??? (sent from Vile Parle)
is Titwala train on time??   (sent from Dombivli)
dombivali to cst trains r working? (sent from Kopar Stn.)
is there any problem with trains (sent from Mankhurd)
are trains working from asangoan to kalyan?
central trian time made aahet ka ? (sent from Churchgate)
please someone tell me thane to Dombivali?
kurla to cst chalu hai ya band ?
dadar to mulund???  (sent from Vile Parle)
local trains bandh today? (sent from Lower Parel)
Are trains working ??
are there trains from kanjur to kalva ?
Badlapur to Karjat running ??? (sent from Badlapur)
Haan bhai bilkul sahi bol Raha hai, hello fraands chai peelo is good right? (sent from Gtb Nagar Stn.)
is Metro trains are working? (sent from Belapur Cbd Stn.)
Kalyan to dader train chal rahay kya? (sent from Kalyan)
thane to dadar ???? (sent from Airoli Stn.)
towards Ambernath trains r running?? 
any updates from kurla to thane? (sent from Kharghar Stn.)
what about dombivli-thane-airoli
nerul to thane trains are working ? (sent from Juinagar Stn.)
trains status?? (sent from Dombivli)
from Ambernath to CST?
what status of Thane to Ghatkopar
train status between Thane and airoli? (sent from Kanjur Marg)
what is the train status (sent from Kurla)
what's the train status from dadar (sent from Dadar Stn.)
what about thane to aroli (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
status of thane-vashi route? (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)
thane-vashi working? (sent from Koparkhairne)
khopoli train hai ya nahi?? (sent from Kalyan)
thane to dadar?
thane to Dombivli running? (sent from Koparkhairne Stn.)
what is train status from CST to dom (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)
vashi to thane trains running?? (sent from Juinagar Stn.)
trains are running fine from thane?  (sent from Thakurli)
karjat? (sent from Masjid Stn.)
trains are working or not? 
what is the train status from vikroli to kurla  (sent from Ghatkopar)
Are the trains from Thane to CST working?
karjat?  (sent from Masjid Stn.)
trains are working fine from kurla towards Kalyan??
wat abt Virar to Dahanu? (sent from Grant Road)
Sakec? (sent from Vadala Road Stn.)
what is the status of local (sent from Thane Stn.)
what is the status local  central line (sent from Lower Parel)
guys plz help me train chalu hai kya currey road se csmt tak?? (sent from Lower Parel)
is there train there from thane to ghatkoper (sent from Airoli Stn.)
kya train Dadar to CSMT chal rahi hain?  (sent from Byculla Stn.)
ghatkopaar stn ke bahar idli wala khada hai kya? (sent from Govandi)
trains working from vikhroli to CSMT ? (sent from Vikhroli)
Dombivali to CST  train chalu hai kya?? (sent from Dombivli)
train are working between kalyan to csmt???? (sent from Vithalwadi)
any trains from mulun to dombivli? (sent from Kopar Stn.)
any problem from ghatkopar to Kalyan ?? (sent from Kalyan)
vidhyavihar to ghatkopar trains running. ? 
thane me appetite momos vala khula h?🙄
thane cst ?? (sent from Nahur)
Are trains working properly ?
trains are running on time in central line so don't worry about any strikes it was cleared by their head that they won't disturb the trains.... (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
train updated status?  (sent from Koparkhairne)
is train running from thane? (sent from Khar Road)
which rout is block? (sent from Goregaon Stn.)
ghat to mul?
dadar to thana ?
badlapur to thane? (sent from Badlapur)
dadar to cost.??  (sent from Masjid Stn.)
are there trains from kurla to Dombivali ? (sent from Panvel)
central line are working or not??? (sent from Sandhurst Road)
Sakec? (sent from Vadala Road Stn.)
can anyone give information of are buses or autos running in thane? 
what about hurbour line train status (sent from Gtb Nagar)
Kurla to  Thane? (sent from Kharghar)
are train towards ambernath  running ?
is there any issue about train central
Sakec? (sent from Vadala Road Stn.)
nerul to thane trains are working ?
Central towards CST are working ?? (sent from Kanjur Marg)
what the status at badlapur
it's almost evening then also some people's are keep on asking, is train running on time ? 😜 (sent from Thane Stn.)
what the status at badlapur
train chalu ahe ka thane to badlapur? (sent from Airoli Stn.)
nerual to thane ?
are train towards Badlapur ambernath working? (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)
pune to Mumbai trains status please?
chalu ahe ka train thane to badlapur? (sent from Airoli Stn.)
are the express trains running?  (sent from Ghansoli Stn.)
train status towards cst?
is metro from Ghatkopar to Andheri working fine???? (sent from Sewri Stn.)
 train is on time or not? (sent from Mulund)
are trains running?? in harbour or central (sent from Airoli)
hi.. is trains are running from thane to belapur ? (sent from Malad)
is or are ?
trains are working from Thane? (sent from Airoli)
kalyan se thane chalu he ?
 Thane to Badlapur local status?are trains running??  (sent from Airoli Stn.)
thane Karjat ?
Are trains running from Kurla to thane? (sent from Nerul)
cst thane status plz?  (sent from Elphinstone Road Stn.)
haan kya hua usko ?
are trains from Kurla to Thane working? (sent from Vashi Stn.)
chalu ahe ka ? Thane karjat train ? (sent from Thane)
airoli ??trains r working  (sent from Airoli Stn.)
are trains working from Kurla to Thane?  (sent from Sanpada Stn.)
bro from thane to cst is working?
bailgadi chalegi ? abhi bheji hai government ne
are the trains working fine now? CST to Thane? (sent from Elphinstone Road)
Go in harbour line chat section (sent from Vidyavihar Stn.)
what are the situations of central trains? (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)
is train working from kurla to mulund?  (sent from Kharghar Stn.)
what about cst to Kalyan (sent from Bhandup)
central lines chalu hai Kya?
train are start or not ? (sent from Juinagar)
pl.update train status r working properly? (sent from Cst)
are trains working from Dombivali to CST?
Plz update thane to badlapur ..trains ?
goregaon to cst train is running ?? (sent from Goregaon Stn.)
guyz train in central line are active or not!!? (sent from Thane)
are cst kalyan trains on time?? (sent from Cst Stn.)
what about harbour line (sent from Turbhe)
CST  to Karjat chalu hai kya? sent from thane
lage raho... waise abhi start ho gaya hai matlab??? (sent from Mahalakshmi)
vik to Dadar chalu hein kya? (sent from Vikhroli)
buses ka Kya scene hai?
What it the status of Matsyagandha express pls let us know? (sent from Thakurli Stn.)
thane se train chalu hai Kya towards Kalyan ?
??? (sent from Marine Lines Stn.)
any updates from thane?  (sent from Airoli)
are train working on thane ? (sent from Sanpada Stn.)
train running from thane?  (sent from Airoli Stn.)
are trains to Thane working?  (sent from Grant Road)
what position  main line dadar (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)
trains running or not near mulund ? (sent from Mulund Stn.)
Is central line working???
what about train status
thane to kalyan train chalu hai kai? (sent from Airoli Stn.)
what's about karjat khopoli traij (sent from Manasarovar Stn.)
meri dost ko thane bheju kya sathiyo? (sent from Cst Stn.)
train running beyond thane? (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)
are taxis working around matunga?? I want to board the train from matunga (sent from Vadala Road)
are taxis working around matunga?? I want to board the train from matunga (sent from Vadala Road)
is there any issue with train towards vikhroli? (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
are taxis working around matunga?? I want to board the train from matunga
koi answer karega kya? Sabh questions hi puch rahe hai (sent from Bandra)
what is status thane badlapur train (sent from Juinagar)
ghatkopar to dadar chalu hai ? (sent from Ghatkopar)
trains r running from thane to dombivli? (sent from Elphinstone Road Stn.)
what about trains from vashi to thane?
Are trains working from kurla?
how can I reach to Ghansoli  (sent from Matunga Road Stn.)
Dombivali to Badlapur chalu hai??? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
ghatkopar se kalyan local chalu hai kya? (sent from Andheri)
what about rush on thane to cst train platform no.1
train working or not
Dombivali to Badlapur???? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
is the train working  (sent from Vikhroli)
central line is working? (sent from Vile Parle)
airoli to thane trains working?  (sent from Airoli Stn.)
I the train working 		? 
central line chalu h Kya ??
Kurla to thane train working? (sent from Chunabhatti Stn.)
what is down slow train status from thane??  (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)
???
from Thane to vashi??
what's the status of Central line  (sent from Mankhurd Stn.)
Kanjur to Matunga ? (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)
from vikhroli to thane ?  (sent from Thane)
what's the status of tran harbour
??
what's the status of trains to thane? (sent from Nahur)
status of trains running from dadar to cst??
local are working? (sent from Ghatkopar)
trains are working ? (sent from Churchgate)
central railway subrbun are running ?
? (sent from Kalva)
oh, are trains running from vikroli to titwala ? (sent from Vikhroli)
central line trains working ?  (sent from Ambernath Stn.)
can someone please tell me what is the status if thane to Dombivali are trains running from thane to Dombivali
r trains running between thane to karjat ??? pls rply
Dadar to thane ?  (sent from Elphinstone Road)
r trains running frm thane to Ambernath? (sent from Airoli Stn.)
trains are working from vikroli to titwala ? (sent from Vikhroli)
Borivali to Thane bus are working or any delay reported?? (sent from Malad)
airoli se thane ke liye train chal raha hain kya??  (sent from Airoli Stn.)
what about central down line ? (sent from Vikhroli)
cst to ghatkopar?  (sent from Gtb Nagar Stn.)
Ghatkopar cst train working?
Thane to panvel running? (sent from Nahur)
what abouts badlapur karjat khopoli train (sent from Churchgate)
central line ki train chalu hai kya?? (sent from Churchgate Stn.)
trains are working ? (sent from Vidyavihar)
trains are working??
Thane - Vashi ??? (sent from Vithalwadi)
TRAIN WORKING??? (sent from Chunabhatti Stn.)
ek bass fodli manun lagech mavlyana bolun dakhavt ahat... mage akkha maharashtra fodla tevha koni nai bolala...kaaa.....?
train is running from Asangaov to cst...???
sir kalva to badlapur train chal rahi hai..? (sent from Kalva)
Is central line working properly??? thanks
please tell me.?  (sent from Kalva)
what status of central train
mag mage akkha maharashtra fodla tevhapan khup kahi gela asen na tuzya gharatla tyasathi tu kay kela....?
Kurla to Thane train r running? (sent from Mulund)
What is status of train? (sent from Vikhroli)
nahur to thane train hai kya??
pls anyone those who are travelling pls update
trns are running or not from cst?  (sent from Cst Stn.)
trns are running or not from cst? 
pls anyone those who are travelling pls update (sent from Vile Parle Stn.)
is train running from ghatkopar to airoli....??? (sent from Vidyavihar Stn.)
trns are running or not from cst?  (sent from Cst Stn.)
is train running from ghatkopar to airoli....??? (sent from Vidyavihar Stn.)
train ka kya scene hai ?  (sent from Kurla Stn.)
train ka kya scene hai ?  (sent from Kurla Stn.)
central railway working or not 
train ka kya scene hai ?  (sent from Kurla Stn.)
central  trains are working  or not ?? (sent from Panvel Stn.)
are trains from ambernath to Thane working?? (sent from Ambernath Stn.)
thane se cst train chalu hai kya ? (sent from Mahalakshmi Stn.)
Thane to Cst train chalu hai kya ? (sent from Mahalakshmi Stn.)
trains are running or not
doosra kaam dhanda nai he Kya??  (sent from Ambernath Stn.)
ambernath to Thane??  (sent from Ambernath Stn.)
ambernath to Thane??  (sent from Ambernath Stn.)
kalyan chalu hair? (sent from Vile Parle)
ambernath to Thane??  (sent from Ambernath Stn.)
kalyan chalu hair? (sent from Vile Parle)
are trains running between csmt and thane??  (sent from Churchgate Stn.)
what abt thane to Airoli? (sent from Ambernath)
thane to cst trains are running ? (sent from Mahalakshmi Stn.)
trains chal rhi h kya from then towards CST? (sent from Airoli Stn.)
are trains working towards ambernath?  (sent from Elphinstone Road)
and wbt buses and rickshaws?? (sent from Ambernath Stn.)
is the train working from ghatkopar to byculla?
kalyan to thane trains are running or not? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
trains running from thane to kalyan?
tell this to thoes people who already have reservation not to Marathas till now marathas did everything on their own not on the basis of reservation or on the basis of any act...
from parel to dadar ...train is working?
Kurla se down chalu h?  (sent from Nerul)
fukat betha he Kya? (sent from Ambernath Stn.)
is there all central railways are online (sent from Vikhroli)
train working from airoli to thane ?
boss we are not like others who dont care about the world just care about their reservations...
what about vashi to thane ??? (sent from Rabale Stn.)
r trains working from CST to Thane ? (sent from Churchgate Stn.)
train status towards Badlapur please?  (sent from Kurla Stn.)
Thane - Kalyan update??
i am replying to people who already posted anything about this morcha
kalyan badlapur train running? (sent from Vidyavihar)
what about long journey train from cst  (sent from Koparkhairne)
is train working from Airoli to Thane? (sent from Airoli)
mulund ke aage train q nhi chalri???
trains Chal rahi hai kya? 
central railways are running ?? (sent from Elphinstone Road Stn.)
3.30 ambernath train cancel ahe ka?( sent form Kanjur stn) (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)
can some one pls update thr status of trains from Ambernath towards thane and thane towards vashi ? (sent from Ambernath)
thane to Kurla chalu hai kya? 
central line working fine??
Trans Harbour line is working.. Vashi to Thane?  (sent from Airoli Stn.)
anyone plz update trains r moving on central track ? (sent from Sion Stn.)
Thane to vikhroli working?  (sent from Airoli Stn.)
what is the status of trains for karjat khopoli from dadar (sent from Sewri)
thane to Dombivali? (sent from Airoli)
thank to Kalyan running?
Dombivali to gathkoper train is running?? (sent from Bhandup Stn.)
what about kalyan to thane train? (sent from Thane)
ghatkoper to cst  what is the status  (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)
thane to cst working? (sent from Airoli)
 what about ghatkopar to thane
cst to Kalyan working? 
what is status of thane to Kalyan (sent from Rabale)
PLEASE UPDATE THANE TO KALYAN ROUTE???? 
are the trains running from kalyan towards cst ?
what's the status of the trains (sent from Mulund Stn.)
3.37 dadar reached where (sent from Thane Stn.)
are trains running from dombivali to thane? (sent from Nerul Stn.)
train to taxi to rikshaw working? (sent from Koparkhairne Stn.)
what abt trains in central line...kurla to Thane? (sent from Vashi Stn.)
central line chalu hai na? towards Dombivali?
can somebody update on dombivali to thane? (sent from Nerul Stn.)
any private helicopter? (sent from Koparkhairne Stn.)
are trains working from Ghatkopar to diva?
dombivli to thane?? (sent from Dombivli)
Thane to dadar chalu ahe ka? (sent from Kalva)
Thane to kalyan? ? 
ठाण्याच्या पाच नंबर प्लॅटफॉर्मवर कोणती ट्रेन लावली आहे? (sent from Airoli)
kural to thane trains are working ???? (sent from Nerul Stn.)
what is status of train (sent from Thane Stn.)
what is the current status of central rail way train between thane to VT (sent from Vidyavihar)
rane to kalyan chalu ahet ka train? (sent from Mulund Stn.)
thana panvel train kab Tak chalu hoga ????? (sent from Nerul Stn.)
how to move from trans harbour to thana (sent from Koparkhairne Stn.)
hi Hyderabad to Mumbai working hai? (sent from Mumbra)
what's the status?? (sent from Lower Parel)
kalyan to titwala what is status (sent from Ambernath)
Thane Down ka kya situation hai?? (sent from Airoli Stn.)
Dadar to Kalyan train are running??? (sent from Titwala)
ghatkopar to kanjurmarg status?
status from thane to ghatkopar??  plzz give an update
trains are working?  (sent from Vidyavihar)
Kalyan to Thane train status...?
trains are there? 
plz batav thane to down line chalu he kay? (sent from Ghansoli Stn.)
what is the status for central line 
Ghatkopar  to Badalapur status ?
CST to Dombivali ? (sent from Vile Parle)
is it working from cst? (sent from Cst Stn.)
kanjurmarg to Dombivali train chalu hai kya ? (sent from Vikhroli)
Ghatkopar to Thane Status...? (sent from Ghatkopar)
any effect of Maharashtra bundh on central raway? (sent from Churchgate)
kurla to bhandup? train status
thane - dombivli?   (sent from Juinagar)
trains r running from thane to kalyan? (sent from Ghansoli Stn.)
what about trains from airoli are they running properly? (sent from Airoli Stn.)
trans harbor is affected ..central bhi bund kiye hai kya? (sent from Churchgate)
Travelling in trains is safe now? is there lot of rush?
what about status of trains (sent from Airoli Stn.)
status?
ambernath to ghatkopsr trains runing h kya?? (sent from Vithalwadi)
Central line is working?  (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)
any tc's on thane I don't have ticket? (sent from Koparkhairne Stn.)
what is status for thane to Kalyan (sent from Airoli Stn.)
trains running between kanjur and ambernath? (sent from Vikhroli)
Transharbour chalu hai kya?  (sent from Airoli Stn.)
from kurta to thane/kalayan trains are running???
any malgadi running form Koparkhairane? (sent from Koparkhairne Stn.)
thane train started??  (sent from Vidyavihar Stn.)
is there any trains from nerul to thane (sent from Nerul Stn.)
thane to USA trains r running?  (sent from Elphinstone Road Stn.)
dadar to mulund ?? is it running? (sent from Andheri)
nerul to thane?? (sent from Nerul Stn.)
dadar to karjat started?  (sent from Badlapur)
are the express trains running?  (sent from Ghansoli Stn.)
trans harbour line working?? (sent from Badlapur)
thane to ambernath train chal raha hai??
nerul to thane?? (sent from Nerul Stn.)
from cst to karjat train status?  (sent from Badlapur)
From Kurla train is running?? (sent from Chembur)
are trains working from Kurla to Thane? (sent from Mankhurd Stn.)
cst to thane ? is it wrking
ambernath se thane chalu h kya train? (sent from Vithalwadi)
Byculla to Badlapur is running? (sent from Masjid Stn.)
train chalu aahet ka? (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)
thane to Ghatkopar chal ra hai kya? (sent from Airoli)
status of train from Thane to Kalyan? (sent from Airoli Stn.)
trains running at Central line ??  from kurla?? (sent from Kurla)
Vikroli to CST train chalu hai kya ?
dombivali to CST chalu hai kya??? (sent from Kopar)
trains chalu hua kya? (sent from Bhandup Stn.)
csmt to ghatkopar train chalu hai kya? (sent from Cst Stn.)
trains are running smoothly central line, those who are planning to travel, they can start (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)
Thane to Shahad?  (sent from Thane Stn.)
Thane se karjat train chalu he kya ? 
thane to nerul running? (sent from Nahur)
karjat yo cst? (sent from Vangani Stn.)
Are trains available between thane and kalyan??  (sent from Mulund)
what's the status of central line trains (sent from Charni Road)
Thane to kurla chalu hai ??? (sent from Nahur)
Thane se Vashi kuch prblm? (sent from Mulund Stn.)
mulund se ulhasnagar train running? (sent from Mulund)
train are running for airoli??
are Thane-CST trains running normally? is it safe to travel ?
guy's Ulhasnagar ro thane its running?  (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
Kasara to cst is running properly?
what about central railway
thane ch rail roko kadhla ka?? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
where is 4.22 Badlapur from Kurla? (sent from Kurla Stn.)
pls update trains are working from Dadar towards Ambernath?? (sent from Vile Parle)
karjat - dadar chalu ahe ka?? (sent from Karjat)
thane ka kunjvihar chalu hai kya?? (sent from Nahur)
Wat's the status of Central line??  (sent from Lower Parel)
pls update the harbour line status? (sent from Koparkhairne)
what about Thane to Ambarnath
is the trains running towards ghtkopar ? (sent from Mulund)
Are the trains running on time ?
train is going to dombivli or not?  (sent from Sion Stn.)
is the train running from Ambernath to cst?  plz update me asap.. 
trains chalu hai kya?? (sent from Badlapur)
harbour challu hai kya train? (sent from Airoli)
whats d status of central line?? 
vashi to thana chalu hai kya? (sent from Vashi Stn.)
Ambernath to cst?  plz update
hello? (sent from Vashi Stn.)
thane to dadar ? (sent from Airoli Stn.)
kurla se mumbra chalu h??
kurla to kalyan?
train chalu h kya ? cstm to diva? (sent from Dockyard Road Stn.)
what the status about ambernath trains
is train going from thane to Kalyan?? (sent from Airoli Stn.)
is there train from thane to csmt (sent from Kharghar Stn.)
wht is the status????
is there train from Bhandup to Badlapur (sent from Bhandup Stn.)
thane to cst slow chalu h Kya ? (sent from Nerul Stn.)
gitanjali exp chat plz
transharbour still down? (sent from Airoli Stn.)
local let hai Kay??? (sent from Chembur)
cst to thane trains are working? (sent from Lower Parel)
train from dombivli to mulund? (sent from Nilje)
is train between vashi to thane running?
thane Kalyan train are running?
trains are working or not? (sent from Sandhurst Road Stn.)
are they late or something? (sent from Sandhurst Road Stn.)
what is current status of trains friend
trains running from nerul to thane? (sent from Nerul Stn.)
kurla to badlapur trains are working? (sent from Sandhurst Road Stn.)
???? (sent from Lower Parel)
Trains from Ambernath to Thane ?
vashi to thane? (sent from Vashi Stn.)
heyy can anyone please tell me if central is working fine or now? (sent from Airoli)
Thane to Badlapur train ? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
thane to vasai?  (sent from Andheri)
vashi to thane problem hai kya? (sent from Vashi Stn.)
 cstm to karjat trains are running? (sent from Elphinstone Road)
vashi to thane problem hai kya? (sent from Vashi Stn.)
nerul to thane working? (sent from Nerul Stn.)
hope no issues of pple for stopping trns???
trn updates?
are trains running from kurla to thane??plz update (sent from Mankhurd)
train are running normal or any problem? (sent from Masjid Stn.)
central line is working or not??? (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)
is there any rail roko from Thane to Kalyan?  (sent from Vithalwadi)
ठाणे कल्याण टैन चल रहि है ना? (sent from Airoli)
what is the status of the trains on thane station???? can anybody help
kurla badlapur chalu he kya??
ambarnath to Cst trains chalu aahet ka?
Is train from Kalyan are running towards CST? (sent from Kalyan)
thakurli pe terminus aayegi kya? (sent from Thakurli)
is csmt locals running??? (sent from Vithalwadi)
status bw Thane to kalyan??  (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
thane to cst working??? (sent from Airoli Stn.)
thane to cst train chalu ahe ka? (sent from Thane)
what is the status for thane to kalyan? (sent from Airoli Stn.)
are trains running from kalyan to thane...? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
what is the status of train (sent from Rabale)
plz tell about trains from thane to cst ??
from where u get this news ? (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)
are trains running? 
nahur to kurla train chalu ahet ka....? (sent from Nahur)
ye kab tak khatam hoga time koi Bata Sakta hai?
thane me kunjvihar vada pav chalu hai kya? 
Thane to Ambernath.. are trains working.??
CST Kalyan route started ??
are trains running on time ?? Byculla to Ghatkopar (sent from Cotton Green Stn.)
Thane to Khopoli trains chalu ahet ka? (sent from Airoli Stn.)
thane to karjat chalu ahe ka? (sent from Airoli)
thane to dombivali??
are central trains on time ?
ambarnath to Kalyan ?
ulhas to CST train chalu h kya?? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
Ulhasnagar to thane local Chalu he kya????  (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
kasara train working? 
are central train running?  (sent from Elphinstone Road)
ghatkopar to Thane train's are working?  (sent from Ghatkopar)
thank to dadar working??! (sent from Airoli Stn.)
ghatkopar to dombivali chalu hai kya? (sent from Ghatkopar)
thane to cst working fine? (sent from Airoli)
trains are running or not
kanjur to kalyan are train working?
towards thane train are working or not ????
trains chalu hai kya??? (sent from Cotton Green Stn.)
thane to kalyan trains working? (sent from Turbhe)
trains are there from airoli to thane? (sent from Airoli)
Any update for Trains from Thane to Ambernath? (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)
what's the status from dombivli to thane???
is there any issue towards dadar trains??
please help me with ghatkopar to Thane?  (sent from Ghatkopar)
Are trains running between Thane and CST? (sent from Thane Stn.)
Thane - Vashi ??? (sent from Vithalwadi)
what about cst 
thane to csmt chalu aahe ka? (sent from Rabale)
go in western line chat
are trains working for central line? (sent from Andheri Stn.)
train band hai kya??
Titwala k liye trians chalu kaya? 
what is the status of train from Dadar to Kalyan  (sent from Khar Road Stn.)
Kasara line?
Train chalo h central line ki ? plz bataiye.. (sent from Shahad)
Ghatkopar to Thane train working??
hi can someone guide me weather the train are running on time?? (sent from Chunabhatti)
can any one tell me what is the status of train from Mulund to kalyan (sent from Mulund Stn.)
ulhasnagar to Thane ka kya status hai?? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
what is status of train (sent from Vidyavihar)
Thane to ambernath trains working? (sent from Airoli Stn.)
is there any train running between airoli to thane (sent from Airoli)
is thane vashi line working ??
jogeshwari gore gaon chalu ahe? (sent from Churchgate)
Central train chalu ahet ka??
thane to cst working? (sent from Airoli Stn.)
cst to badlapur train status???
Thane to Ambarnath working? plz Reply.. (sent from Shahad)
what about Karjat (sent from Thane)
Airoli to thane working ??? (sent from Airoli Stn.)
thane to kalyan trains are working ?
titwala to cst working? please reply  (sent from Titwala)
titwala to cst working? please reply 
titwala to cst working? please reply  (sent from Titwala)
thane to cst train are eorking ?? (sent from Ghatkopar)
Kalyan to badlapur? (sent from Shahad)
chalu hai kya trains ? 
kalyan to thane trains are working or not
kurla se time pe hai kya? (sent from Govandi Stn.)
what about central line trains
what about central line trains
Train is working or not
what is the posting of train in Central  (sent from Govandi)
is the train runing from kalwa to ulhasnagar??
train status ??
kurla to dadar central chalu hai Kya? (sent from Manasarovar Stn.)
r train running ???? turbhe (sent from Turbhe)
is there any problem in thane station? (sent from Andheri)
what is the status of trains for dombivali kalyan from thane
is there train for Dadar from Vikhroli station
are trains running from khopoli ?
update on 05:06 Mulund-Karjat?  (sent from Mulund Stn.)
trains are running or not 
thane se trains are on na? (sent from Thane)
trains from Thane to Kalyani are running or not? (sent from Koparkhairne)
train for CST? (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
train are running or not 
trains for thane to ambernath? (sent from Vashi Stn.)
train towards Kalyan working?
what abt dombivli
?
cstm to khopoli train chalu hai kya?  (sent from Vikhroli)
ghatkopar thane train chalu hai Kya ??
mad. can't u read upper comments car to kalyan working so.mumbra comes in between kalyan and cst only no? (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
Panvel to thane trains chalu he kya?
koi office se nikla hai kya? (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)
chai pi lo? (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)
is central line trains ok? (sent from Andheri)
 is the train running properly  (sent from Nahur Stn.)
Kurla to vittalwadi train chalu hai kya ??
kanjurmarg to ambetnath train hai Kya? (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)
? 
are there kalyan to kasara/karjat trains working?  (sent from Shahad)
chai pi lo?  (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)
mumbrawale ko dimag kidr? (sent from Cst Stn.)
are the trains towards thane from cst running fine right now? 
are the trains towards thane from cst running fine right now? 
trains are running?
what local status from badlapur st 
what is status of train from thane to dombivali (sent from Ghansoli)
what about harbour line (sent from Koparkhairne)
what is the status between csmt to vikhroli (sent from Charni Road)
thane to vithalwadi train? 
what is the status of Badlapur train from dombivali
what is status of titwala train from kanjurmarg
how can u summon bot?
fast train running or not?  (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)
central railway chalu hai?
kasara trains are running???
hi what is status of central line ? (sent from Airoli Stn.)
wbu Thane to badlapur trains? (sent from Airoli)
are fast trains working? (sent from Koparkhairne)
what is train running status (sent from Rabale Stn.)
what is the status of trains from thane railway station 
u r from m-indicator app team or what? just curious to know
Is badlapur or ambernath train running..?? any issue of morcha..? (sent from Thane)
what is status of train from ghatkopar badlapur 
Trains on time or late towarda karjat..?? (sent from Thane)
any train delay issue towards karjat ?? (sent from Malad)
what's the current status of central line all trains heading towards thane from cst are on time kindly let me know (sent from Churchgate)
what problem
trains are delayed?? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
what is train status towards Thane from Dadar (sent from Vikhroli)
is there any delay in central line trains
what problem
Is trains are running from Vikhroli to Lower Parel? (sent from Vikhroli)
Plz can anyone update what is the status of train From Cst Till Badlapur ?( Mumbai)  (sent from Masjid Stn.)
what about dombivali 5:27 from dombivali on time??? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
dadar to ambernath is running? (sent from Jogeshwari)
no answers ?  (sent from Masjid Stn.)
is thr any train available to panvel or Vashi? (sent from Bhandup Stn.)
status of panvel cst train ??  (sent from Nerul)
are trains running from kurla to thane ?
Don't ask same questions : Central line local are working... On time but some. local are late.... no issue any where in central line.  (sent from Elphinstone Road Stn.)
why asking panvel vashi in central group (sent from Vikhroli)
how is the crowd in traims (sent from Airoli Stn.)
all local is on time in central line?  (sent from Chunabhatti)
are trains running on time?
wht abt Panvel n Vashi train frm thane? (sent from Bhandup Stn.)
thane to kanjurmarg on time and how is the crowd???
thane to vashi chalu aahe ka? (sent from Mahim Jn Stn.)
are trains working properly?
kalyan badlapur train running? (sent from Vidyavihar)
train status please? does train running on time
central trains running from Vikhroli towards Kalyan pls ? (sent from Vikhroli)
trains are running???
train time pe chalu hai kya ??????
badlapur kalyan trains? (sent from Vidyavihar)
what is status at thane station
what is status at thane station
update about Thane to ambernath?? (sent from Rabale)
is everything ok now? (sent from Nahur Stn.)
what about panvel to thane (sent from Belapur Cbd Stn.)
what about train from ambernath to cst (sent from Ambernath)
are trains running from thane to titwala and what about their crowd status (sent from Khandeshwar)
what about thane to karjat train
what about Badlapur train  (sent from Juinagar Stn.)
train chalu ahet ka? (sent from Nahur)
Thane to Dombivli working? (sent from Sanpada)
thane to cst trn status?
trains running okn time ???? (sent from Matunga Stn.)
towards thane status ??
are train's running from kurla to thane ? (sent from Tilak Nagar)
are central line trains running on time ?
towards kalyan status?  (sent from Koparkhairne Stn.)
kurla to cst r running?
r trains running from Kurla to Badlapur? (sent from Kurla)
is trajn availabe from thane to kalyan ?
slow trains from thane to kalyan are on time ?
is there any disturbance to trains to travel from thane to badlapur?????? if yes then please inform in this chats
Ghatkopar to dadar trains are working or not?
thane to cst line any issue??) pls update (sent from Kalva)
is there any issue for trains from thane to cst (sent from Airoli Stn.)
are trains on time? (sent from Churchgate)
is train running on time???? (sent from Koparkhairne)
Are the trains running properly now? (sent from Airoli Stn.)
what about bus running status (sent from Vithalwadi)
rply on running train??? (sent from Koparkhairne)
any update on rail roko at thane station ?? (sent from Cst Stn.)
central line is working fine or not ....?  (sent from Bhandup)
what about thane to Kalyan  (sent from Thane)
what about bus ? (sent from Mira Road)
transharber is running? (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)
are Thane trains working?? (sent from Chembur Stn.)
what is the status of thane trains ? Its working ? (sent from Malad Stn.)
thane to cst trains are going or not? (sent from Nahur)
Karla to thane what is status ? plz reply (sent from Khar Road)
what about the central trains towards dombivli (sent from Ghansoli Stn.)
dadar to mumbra?? what s status (sent from Bandra)
what about govandi to kurla (sent from Govandi)
are trains on time?  (sent from Bhandup)
what about train from Ghatkopar to ambarnath
Bullet train chalu hai kya? (sent from Airoli Stn.)
mulund to ghatkopar chal rahi hai train?
vashi to cst trains are working or not? (sent from Nahur)
vashi se cst ke liye trains he kya? (sent from Nahur)
hi...what is train staus from kanjur
What about kurla to thane??
hi what is train status from thane to Dombivali (sent from Airoli Stn.)
bhandup to ulhasnagar on time??
vashi se cst ke liye trains chalu he kya? (sent from Nahur)
vashi to cst ke liye trains hai Kya? (sent from Airoli Stn.)
what is status about thane to karjat
what about rush in train?
Dadar se Dombivali? (sent from Elphinstone Road Stn.)
are there trains running from Thane to cst?   (sent from Thane)
Ghatkoper to mulund chalu hai? ????? (sent from Chembur Stn.)
cst to jalyan train running?
train are running or not ?
what about trains from bhandup to thane (sent from Nahur)
trains chalu hai? (sent from Juinagar)
is trains are working....?? (sent from Chunabhatti)
is central railway running on time? 
are trains running towards thane?  (sent from Chembur Stn.)
vashi se cst chalu he kya train? (sent from Nahur)
hey vashi to thane chalu hai kya???
Kalyan train chalu hai? (sent from Juinagar)
central??? 
thane to kalyan trains on time? (sent from Airoli Stn.)
thane badlapur chalu haay Kya?
central line working ? (sent from Andheri Stn.)
are trains running from Vidyavihar? (sent from Chembur Stn.)
trains running from kanjur to mulund?
what's status about Thane - Kalyan (sent from Juinagar)
CSMT - Dombivli?  (sent from Dombivli)
are Autos n busses working in ghatkopar?  (sent from Airoli Stn.)
are trains are on tym?? (sent from Nahur)
are trains properly operating from airoli-thane and thane-dombivali..? (sent from Vidyavihar)
train status kalyan? (sent from Kalyan)
central line working?
train is on time or not? (sent from Thane Stn.)
Train working from Badlapur to cst ? 
Ghatkopar to Kalyan trains are running or not?
what is the status of central railway (sent from Elphinstone Road Stn.)
ghatkopar to KALWA ? (sent from Andheri Stn.)
Ghatkopar to Thane???
is there any issue in central line ? (sent from Vidyavihar)
?
hi this pratik from Khopoli . where are you now. (sent from Bandra)
what about current position of trains (sent from Churchgate)
trains on time or not?  (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
what is train current position
?? train are on time or not?
fast trains chalu h? 
which train going to Hassan from cstm (sent from Koparkhairne)
train for dombivali  to thane status???? 
what abt thane to badlapur route???
kanjur kurla is running?
ambarnth to csmt proper chalu hai na? (sent from Ambernath)
how to check train live status 
cst thane train chalu hai kay? 
trains time par hai ?
what's the status of train towards CST (sent from Kanjur Marg)
what is the train status  (sent from Elphinstone Road)
are central trains running? (sent from Mahalakshmi)
what is the status from CSMT to karjat
6:43 Ambernath..? (sent from Elphinstone Road Stn.)
what is the condition on thane station? (sent from Mankhurd)
what about Thane vashi (sent from Ghansoli)
are trains working?? 
what is status khopoli to csmt train  (sent from Karjat Stn.)
are trains blocked at thane stn or running? (sent from Andheri)
are train running? (sent from Elphinstone Road Stn.)
trans harbour line trains are running?
how you manage to reach Thane station 
what scenario in mulund??? (sent from Andheri)
train is running between bhandup to thane???  (sent from Kanjur Marg)
any update for titwala train? (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)
trains are running on time? 
are the local running fine.....? (sent from Ghatkopar)
Thane to airoli working?  (sent from Airoli Stn.)
what about ghatkoper to BADLAPUR 
any status from panvel to Thane??
is central line on work?
what r update between vithhalvadi to cst train  (sent from Vithalwadi Stn.)
hai ya nhi chalu?
is it very crowded between Thane & Kalyan? (sent from Airoli Stn.)
Dombivali to kasara what's states 
Kasara at Kalyan 6:45 what status
Dombivali to thane what's states slow train 
Dombivali to Thane trains chalu h kya? (sent from Dombivli)
train status Parel to Thane? (sent from Elphinstone Road)
trains chal rahi hai kya ? (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)
trains status from thane ? 
trains towards karjat?  (sent from Badlapur)
dadar to kalyan train chalu hain ? (sent from Mumbra Stn.)
Dombivali Thane is running?? 
dadar to thane trains on time?? (sent from Dadar Stn.)
sion to dadar  chalu he? (sent from Sion)
trains working? (sent from Ghansoli)
what is the status (sent from Dombivli)
kal train chalu hai ?? (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)
are Karjat Badlapur trains running on  time??? (sent from Thane Stn.)
 trains are on time or not
is there train from thane to cst (sent from Ghansoli Stn.)
Are trains running normally between Thane & Kalyan? (sent from Juinagar Stn.)
thane to cst? (sent from Ghansoli Stn.)
how are trains from dombivli to dadar
दादर to बदलापूर ट्रेन चालू है क्या??? (sent from Khar Road)
all ok in Thane ?
what is the status of mumbra 
Is train service restored?
what is the status of train towards MUMBRA. 
dadar to MUMBRA what is the status (sent from Jogeshwari)
Thane to dombivli status?
is 7:58 Kasara expected on time in Thane????  any updates  (sent from Airoli Stn.)
what was the train status today's?
is the train running properly 
thane - panvel ?? (sent from Ghansoli)
kalyan to mumbra status????  (sent from Kalyan)
is there any train for guahati from Akola
where are 8.27titwala train?  (sent from Rabale Stn.)
status of CST Thane 8:18? (sent from Bandra Stn.)
US trains are running from Thane to cstm?  (sent from Koparkhairne)
8:18 CST Thane cancelled or running? (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)
CST User took off today? (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)
where is asangaon cst fast train... did it reached thane pls tell me urgently (sent from Mulund Stn.)
Ltt to kalyan any update? (sent from Kalva)
mumbai local private hai kya ? ghatkoper mein metro se aane wale train me nahi chadna hai aisa koi rule hai kya? csmt se jo baithkar ata hai usko complsery uthna hai seat se aisa hai kya?
people who want to get down at Ghatkopar, thane, Dombivli should use some common sense and not catch Ambernath Badlapur Karjat khopoli asangaon and Kasara trains (sent from Andheri)
is there any problem tommorow with trains
what is status from Kalyan st to dadar 
hello is train from CST to thane is working ? (sent from Churchgate)
dear sir Dahod  to Ajmer janevali koi train he. and he to time kya he??? 
is thane to cstm working...??? (sent from Airoli Stn.)
Kalyan semi fast time per hai kya?? (sent from Byculla Stn.)
where is CST fast  (sent from Thane Stn.)
where is khopoli fast ? (sent from Kurla Stn.)
kalyan fast ststus? (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
whr is khopoli fast? (sent from Turbhe)
are trains running normally now? 
what abt 9 33 fast kalyan (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)
ghatkopar train are running on time????? (sent from Ghatkopar)
9.27 Khopoli local from Thane..has it left Thane? (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)
???? (sent from Karjat Stn.)
central line ch kahi problem nahi na? (sent from Ambernath)
what do you think
Is the technical problem between Vidyavihar and Kurla solved ? DO TRAINS NOW STOP AT VIDYAVIHAR STATION? (sent from Mulund)
Kalyan 15 car kaha h? (sent from Ghatkopar)
yes... kalyan 15 car where is it (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
vikroli ke liye dadar se 7 baje train hai kya?
what is the current status on central line (sent from Ghansoli)
11.09 badlapur train status?? (sent from Thane)
11.58 khopoli status ??
trains r running in time ???
what's the update about the train going towards dombivali (sent from Thane Stn.)
Where is Ticket Examiner in Kokan kanya express train number. 10111
where is Ticket Examiner in Kokan kanya express train number 10111
Tom is megablock toh trains kitni der late ho sakti h tell me? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
thk uh but kitna der pehle mein jaldi nikluu? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
kalyan karjat status ??? (sent from Santa Cruz)
is local trains working properly? (sent from Kandivali)
what is the status of Karjat side ? (sent from Kandivali)
Is Local train working properly.?
are trains running in time from dombivli to cst? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
trains between Ambernath and Thane running? (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)
train chalu he kya towards karjat side?  (sent from Seawood Darave)
central western harbour which (sent from Borivali)
central line chalu hai ky? kalyan to CST... its Urgent
dadar - kasara trains working on time ?  (sent from Malad Stn.)
are trains on time towards cst? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
what are today's megablock timining (sent from Ambernath)
central railway on time?  (sent from Juinagar)
is khopoli train running on time???? (sent from Tilak Nagar Stn.)
is there heavy rain Towards Asangaon ????
What is the status of kalyan to cst trai 
Ulhasnagar to thane trains running? (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)
train chalu hai kya??? (sent from Vidyavihar)
cst karajat train chalu aahet ka? (sent from Belapur Cbd)
I want to go to KARJAT. is train available from ghatkopar? (sent from Chembur)
are trains running on time? (sent from Kanjur Marg)
hi.. Iam at nashik.let me know kasara to kalyan local train position & Is raining there?
what is the status of train towards cst?  (sent from Bhandup)
trains from thane to cst?
kasara CST trains on time? (sent from Santa Cruz)
ulhasnagar to CST train status please?  (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
are trains running on time..??? (sent from Vadala Road)
??? (sent from Shahad)
Good Morning Guys, Trains are running properly ??? (sent from Ghatkopar)
from thane to csmt trains r running or not???  (sent from Airoli Stn.)
badalapur chalu hai na ?? (sent from Kalva)
are trains available from matunga Central to vidyavihar?? (sent from Matunga Road Stn.)
good morning , Kalyan to Karjat trains are on time ? (sent from Kalyan)
titwala to thane ?? (sent from Shahad)
yea they are some 5 -10mims late some how (sent from Nahur)
what about kalyan to thane  &  From thane to vashi train are running on time 
badlapur 7:06 ???? it can be let ?
status of train from Kalyan to Karjat ?  (sent from Kalyan)
what is the status of towards thane local train  (sent from Kurla Stn.)
 from dombivli to vidyavihar? what is the status?
kasara and karjat trains are working properly or no ?
Status of train from kurla towards kasara karjat pleasse?
from Mulund to karjat train r working ?  (sent from Mulund)
R trains working frm kurla to Thane??  (sent from Govandi)
diva to cst ? (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)
is karjat trns r on time ? (sent from Borivali)
is train on time ? (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)
which side megablock Today
R trains working frm kurla to Thane??  (sent from Govandi)
karjat/khopoli chalu ahe ka? (sent from Mankhurd)
trains are on time Karjat to cst.? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
what about MUMBRA to CST status
ddr to thane time pe hai kya?? (sent from Bhayander Stn.)
what is the status of rain in govandi (sent from Nalla Sopara Stn.)
what is the time for mega block today (sent from Parel)
Hello. Are the trains from Thane to CSMT working? 
karjat train is on time? 
what's d status of trains towards CSMT?
karjat train is on time? (sent from Thane)
sion to vikhroli is the trains are running on time? (sent from Gtb Nagar)
vadala to panvel..trains are running or not ?  (sent from Santa Cruz)
dombivli to kanjurmarg trains status plz?? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
what is status of train from Sion to Ghatkopar (sent from Gtb Nagar)
from kurla to badlapur is there any problem for train delay?
currently status for CST?
status of mulund to Kalyan??
time for megablock ?  (sent from Santa Cruz)
what is train update?
what's the trai s 
what is the status of train toward Dadar from Ghatkopar (sent from Ghatkopar)
trains r running correct on time ?
status of kurla to cst?  (sent from Kharghar Stn.)
Thane to Sion Trains available?? whays effect of Raining?
towards titwala r trains running? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
trains are going on or not 
cst thane k liye train chal rahi hai ??? (sent from Badlapur)
is there any delay today in central line
is there any delay in cl (sent from Mumbra Stn.)
trains r finely running?? (sent from Badlapur)
are trains running between kalyan and karjat? (sent from Jogeshwari)
are there any problems from Byculla to Kasara?
is khopoli train running late where it is I'm in dombivli (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
train are running finely from badlapur to thane ?? (sent from Badlapur)
6:18 is running on time where it is  (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
whats the status from kurla to dombivali? (sent from Gtb Nagar)
what is status of  khopoli train ...
what is train status (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
what is train status harbur & central line (sent from Koparkhairne Stn.)
what is kasara train status...(sent from kurla station)  (sent from Chunabhatti)
train status about Dadar Karjat Khopoli? (sent from Mira Road)
what is current status  Badlapur  CSTM train 
??
Trains are on tym?  (sent from Borivali Stn.)
or trains are late  ? (sent from Borivali Stn.)
are all central line trains on time ?? (sent from Santa Cruz)
kanjurmarg to cst train is there running?
Due to heavy rain, is there problem on central line? 
Good morning dear friends ,can any one tell me status of CST- KASARA subarban locals today ?? Thnks (sent from Dombivli)
what about train status from karjat to cst side ??is it working on time ? (sent from Matheran Stn.)
any train stoppage at kalyan due to rain? (sent from Vasind Stn.)
is it raining near central side  ? (sent from Borivali Stn.)
train is running on time or what?
what is status of cst to ksrjat (sent from Sewri)
is there any problem at sion? (sent from Borivali)
what is the status of megablock cstm to Thane? (sent from Sandhurst Road Stn.)
karjat running on time?? (sent from Nerul Stn.)
what about Ambernath (sent from Shahad)
Same anyone?
is there megablock in central line (sent from Badlapur Stn.)
csmt to kasara - local ajj time var ahe ka ? ( send from dombivli) 
? 
Thane to CST trains are on time? (sent from Nahur)
trains are on time? waterlogged anywhere? 
is trains are running between thane and cst? (sent from Nahur)
is there any problems at diva 2 karjat (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)
trains between kurla to vashi are working today??  (sent from Andheri Stn.)
Karjat CST on time or not?  (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
mulund station mein pani bhara hai kya?
khopoli train ja rhi hai kya? (sent from Thane)
karjat cst ?? Dombivli 6:51 late or on time ?? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
Csmt kalyan trains are on time or not? (sent from Bhandup)
are central trains on time? (sent from Mulund)
Thane ambernath ??
train chalu he na ?? (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)
when is Central line mega blocks from (sent from Badlapur)
hello I am going to dombivali can I go to dombivali.  what is the status of trains & rain (sent from Andheri)
trains from dadar towards karjat are on time?? (sent from Santa Cruz)
what is the status of trains from Ghatkopar to ambernath
train is running between thane to karjat?  (sent from Kalva)
are there trains from Thane to CST?  (sent from Thane)
what about khopoli train is running (sent from Mumbra Stn.)
trains running on time or not ?? pls. reply
where is 6.16 khopoli-cst train?
train chalu hai Kya? (sent from Sewri)
how was trains running  (sent from Shahad)
Dombivli trains are running? (sent from Kalva)
what is the status of trains from thane to badlapur
Is trains are right time ??? (sent from Vikhroli)
is it trains are right time? (sent from Borivali)
deccan express kaha hai does anyone know? 
badlapur to csmt trains chalu ahet ka ?? (sent from Badlapur)
are the trains working? (sent from Ambernath)
what's is status of cat 
is there any train available from kanjur to ambernath today
Aaj deccan express nahi hai?  (sent from Byculla Stn.)
train from Ulhasnagar on tome or not? (sent from Vithalwadi)
rain status at badlapur Station? 
is the tracks flooded at sion? (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
Trains running fine? (sent from Vidyavihar Stn.)
central chalu h kya? (sent from Bhayander)
trains from Ulhasnagar on time or not?? (sent from Vithalwadi)
dada to kalyan train chalu hai kya? (sent from Andheri)
any updates? 
what is status between ghatkopar to kanjurmarg
is trains are on time from dadar to kalyan ??? (sent from Goregaon)
Ghatkopar to ambernath train chalu ahet ka? (sent from Ghatkopar)
are trains travelling to Khopoli? (sent from Dadar Stn.)
what is status between Badlapur Kalyan (sent from Badlapur)
local for kasara from dombivli are working or not??
are the trains running from kalyan to cst? (sent from Nahur)
local for karjat to dombivli? 
what about Kurla to thane (sent from Chunabhatti)
are trains late coz of rain? (sent from Matunga Road Stn.)
? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
are there trains from khopoli running on time? (sent from Khopoli)
train from Thane to CST running? (sent from Airoli)
dadar dombivali train on time?
whats the status for cst panvel trains? (sent from Gtb Nagar Stn.)
late he ya time par he? (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)
is there any train from kalyan towards ansangon
water logging kahin hua hai kya central line pe? (sent from Kurla Stn.)
anybody in the khopoli train?
neral jau shakto ka? (sent from Ghansoli Stn.)
are trains operating between Kurla to Thane ?  (sent from Tilak Nagar Stn.)
central line trains are working from Bhandup to Thane?  (sent from Bhandup Stn.)
Are trains from Karjat to CST running properly? Pls provide update (sent from Matheran Stn.)
are trains available from titwala to cst?  (sent from Titwala Stn.)
how are trains runnibg (sent from Chembur)
is there any train between khopoli to Kalyan
hello bro ajj to time pe train's hai kya...? (sent from Vangani Stn.)
are trains running properly between thane and Ambernath? (sent from Ambernath)
trains to bhi puri?  (sent from Byculla)
trains are  running on time?
kurla se karjat chalu hai kya??? (sent from Tilak Nagar Stn.)
central lane chalu hai kya ? (sent from Ghatkopar)
what is the train status from Kurla to Dadar (sent from Kurla Stn.)
thane to vashi trns chlu h kya??  (sent from Shahad)
karjat ka janari trains aahet ka chalu? 
r trains working ??? (sent from Mulund)
Thane to Vashi whether line is clear???!
Ambernath to sion train are running? 
is there slow trns running in central (sent from Kalva)
are fast trains running on time towards csmt or qny delays??
any delays?
khopoli / karjay train chalu ahet ka?? (sent from Santa Cruz)
karjat line is working Kay? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
what about Kasara to Cst runing or not
Thane - BADLAPUR Trains chalu hey kya?  (sent from Turbhe Stn.)
what about karjat khopoli
central railway train from dombovili is it running in time? (sent from Bhandup Stn.)
dadar Thane train status please?
what is d timing for megablock for today in central line? (sent from Badlapur)
what about karjat (sent from Mumbra Stn.)
where is 7.55 kasara
what is the status of train from Ghatkopar (sent from Ghatkopar)
are the trains working? (sent from Chembur Stn.)
ठाणे ते छ.शि.म.ट. ट्रेन चालु आहेत का? (sent from Mulund Stn.)
karjat tren chalu ahe ka?
Sion-Ghatkopar chya position kaay aahe? (sent from Kings Circle Stn.)
current running status of central line? Thane to kalyan
is there any problem in kurla station  (sent from Vidyavihar Stn.)
Ghatkopar to khapoli ??? (sent from Govandi)
cst to karjat train chalu hai?? (sent from Reay Road Stn.)
cst khopoli..left from dadar Kya? (sent from Thane Stn.)
train late se chal rhi h kya?? 
is there rain in any part of mumbai or suburb?
ia there any water lodgement? (sent from Cst Stn.)
thane to cst ahe ka ?
Kalyan to karjat train status ? (sent from Vithalwadi)
train are running late towards CSMT ??? (sent from Bhandup Stn.)
how late? (sent from Thane)
purna pani brlela ahe ka ?
 ठाणे कसारा लोकल १०.५७जाईल का? (sent from Khandeshwar)
cast kasara working?  (sent from Andheri Stn.)
is there any waterlog near kurla or parel??  (sent from Belapur Cbd)
bhandup to cst 7.49 what's status ? (sent from Bhandup Stn.)
thane khopoli?? trains running? (sent from Khopoli)
trains are late or not? (sent from Kanjur Marg)
?????  (sent from Mumbra Stn.)
what about thane.. (sent from Bhandup)
Is there any disturbance in badlapur to cst train timing (sent from Badlapur)
Pune Jane wali 3baje ki sinhgad express aur 5 baje ki pragati chalu hai ya cansel Hui hai?
vidhyavihar pai pani bhara hai? (sent from Mulund)
vithalwadi to thane train chalu haikya???? (sent from Vithalwadi Stn.)
is train working to going cost????  (sent from Mumbra)
problem??? i (sent from Vidyavihar Stn.)
is Train working to going cst????  (sent from Mumbra Stn.)
Dombivli to Mulund? what's the status?
??? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
mulund se kalyan ki train chalu hai kya ???
बदलापूर ते ठाणे ट्रेन सद्यस्थिती काय आहे ?? (sent from Sanpada Stn.)
means vidhyavihar se aage nhi ja rhi ek bhi train? (sent from Mulund)
kasara se train chalu hai kay....? (sent from Asangaon Stn.)
 karjat khopoli train chalu aahe ka? (sent from Mulund Stn.)
hi are train working?? (sent from Ghatkopar)
what about mega block (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
what about karjat khopoli trains (sent from Mulund Stn.)
who said??? (sent from Vidyavihar Stn.)
Kalyan se local are on time ???  and vidyavihar me station pe ja rahi hai na local ? (sent from Shahad)
no train for karjat? (sent from Mulund Stn.)
nope????? (sent from Ghatkopar)
trains kyu ruki hai?  (sent from Vidyavihar Stn.)
what (sent from Ghatkopar)
thane down trains??? (sent from Thane)
Are train for Karate running? 
what about train between lonavala to kalyan (from lonavala)
what is the present status of the train s (sent from Bhandup)
Are trains for Karjat running properly?
vidyavihar se aage trns nahi ja rahi hai Kya? 
n what abt slow train? (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)
what happend between thane and mulund (sent from Mulund)
when will the next khopoli train be leaving from Kurla.. could you please let me know
what happened
what is the train situation at central line
what is tge status of KARJAT trains. . .are they running late?? (sent from Vangani Stn.)
are the trains going to khopoli running ok?? sent from Kurla station.. 
kitna time aur lgega vidhyavihar se train start hone me?
Trains are nt halt at where only 2 platform. (sent from Mulund Stn.)
why are the trains stopped at vidhya vihar ?  (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
kya aaj mega block hai ? (sent from Govandi)
thane to Kasara trains chalu hai kya ?? (sent from Mulund)
what about cst - dombivali trains ??? (sent from Chunabhatti Stn.)
Kalyan to Kasara what is the position today? (sent from Kalyan)
bhandup to thane trains are running or not? (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)
from karjat to cst what is status now
khopoli to Cst train is running or not  ?? (sent from Khopoli Stn.)
kurla to karjat trains r running? 
titawala to cst train is running or not?   (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)
kalyan to thame local chalu aahe ka..?? (sent from Vithalwadi)
Kasara aur asangaon ke beech train chalu hai kya???
Ghatkopar to Dombivali train chalu h kya .?? (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)
what happened at Vidya Vihar station (sent from Sion Stn.)
what happened at Vidya Vihar station (sent from Sion Stn.)
what is current situation in central line? (sent from Vasai Road)
bhai log Karajat sathi train chalu ahet ka ?? (sent from Thane Stn.)
trains working? (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)
kalyan se cst k liye trains chalu hai kya?? (sent from Vithalwadi)
why (sent from Seawood Darave Stn.)
mumbra to titwala chalu hai kya? 
What is the status @ ?Kurla
are the trains to karjat working?? (sent from Malad)
im at sion going towards cst. any update where the train is stuck?? (sent from Sion Stn.)
Kalyan to cst? (sent from Shahad)
sion se titwala train chalu  hai kya? (sent from Titwala Stn.)
CST to Badlapur chalu ahe ka? (sent from Dadar Stn.)
thane to ambernath?
where is train?not comming in bhandup.. (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)
Byculla to kurla ...?? any update (sent from Sandhurst Road)
slow line towards dadar working? (sent from Vidyavihar Stn.)
what about from dadar (sent from Malad)
cst jane k liye nikla ya abhi bhi band h? (sent from Sion Stn.)
is everyalright ?  (sent from Churchgate)
what about kalyan to Thane? 
what abt fast trains (sent from Gtb Nagar Stn.)
what's central railways and harbour railways position  ?. (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)
are trains working in central line?? (sent from Dombivli)
badlapyt ke liye train hai kya ??? chalu  (sent from Tilak Nagar)
mulund to ghatkopar trains he kya ?
what about Thane to Kalyan (sent from Manasarovar)
what any Dadar to amb (sent from Gtb Nagar Stn.)
mulund to kalyan trains r proper? (sent from Mulund Stn.)
thana to kurla fast train available hai kya..?
kanjur to asangaon train?  (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)
is there slow train running towards dadar (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)
kurla vidyavihar train is running? (sent from Mankhurd Stn.)
how's status guys.. want to travel from Dadar to kanjur..  (sent from Dadar)
thane to karjat chalu hai kyaaa?  (sent from Thane Stn.)
what about trains those are going from kasara to thane (sent from Shahad)
are trains available feom neral to karjat ? (sent from Neral)
what about fast tract of central? (sent from Lower Parel)
train from badlapur to cst chalu aahe ka?? (sent from Badlapur)
सीएसटी ते बदलापुर लोकल चालु आहे का ?
fast train are working? (sent from Ghatkopar)
from ghatkopar? (sent from Ghatkopar)
guys can anyone tell me thane station condition because of rains? 
thane to kalyan chalu hai kya?
trains matunga Hun pudhe yetat Ka? (sent from Dadar Stn.)
kalyan stn par block hai kya? (sent from Mulund Stn.)
trains are working? (sent from Ghatkopar)
kasara to cst chalu ahet ka? (sent from Ghansoli Stn.)
what about khopoli trains
trains till mulund? (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)
what's condition of trains which are going from kasara to thane (sent from Shahad)
did trains frm vidyavihar leave? (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)
where is khopoli train which comes at thane by 8:10 (sent from Thane Stn.)
is it safe to kandiwali from dombivali after 11 o clock?  (sent from Dombivli)
i want to go kalyan from sion.. trains time per hai kya? (sent from Gtb Nagar Stn.)
8:18 thane geli ka? (sent from Thane Stn.)
what about Kalyan badlapur route
trains working??? 
status to and from badlapur? (sent from Badlapur)
karjat to badlpur tarin chalu ahat ka 
train on time from Dadar to Thane ?
train available??from cst to pune?
Mulund to CST trains working? if yes how much delay? (sent from Nahur)
khopoli to karjat chalu aahet ka? (sent from Shelu Stn.)
please inform dombivali to Thane train is running or not
Are trains totally stopped? (sent from Masjid Stn.)
is train runinng from dombivli to dadar today? or there is mega block? (sent from Nilje)
are trains running from Kalyan to Thane? (sent from Dombivli)
? (sent from Khandeshwar Stn.)
kalyan train are running?
train status from dadar to Thane? (sent from Mahim Jn)
whats status from ambernath ? (sent from Ambernath Stn.)
Kalyan to badlapur status? (sent from Dombivli)
is there any water logging in kurla and sion
Dombivli to Thane status? (sent from Dombivli)
then where?
vikhroli to cmst status? (sent from Vikhroli)
ghatkopar to thane, trains moving? (sent from Ghansoli)
central, karjat line, mega block? (sent from Nerul)
Badlapur to CST trains are working properly or not
cst to thane working Kya???  (sent from Marine Lines Stn.)
Is there waterlogging anywhere? (sent from Vikhroli)
r train running from cst to kalyan  ?? (sent from Sandhurst Road)
आज सेंट्रल रेल्वेचा मेघा ब्लॉक आहे का ? (sent from Kalva)
 what happened near vidyavihar ? (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)
8:49 अंबरनाथ वेळेत आहे का? (sent from Tilak Nagar Stn.)
is the train moving past vidya vihar towards kurla? (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)
harbour me kya status hai?I mean what about the timings for megablock (sent from Mulund)
Thane to Ghatkopar status?? 
train running from ghatkopar to kaylan there is delay or not?  (sent from Ghatkopar)
are the trains from CST to KARJAT working??? (sent from Malad)
so from thane to Ghatkopar there won't be any issue right? 
any update about ghatkopar station? 
what happened in Ghatkopar???
any update about ambernath?
like what? I'm traveling from Pune right now. I'll be getting down at thane and have to travel to Ghatkopar. will there be any issue? 
are the trains from CST to karjat working???? (sent from Malad)
is the line clear from thane to kalyan
ghatkopar to karjat train ka status Kya hai?
Vidyavihar to csmt is not working? (sent from Vikhroli)
okay thanks, and there is waterlogging in vidyavihar right? (sent from Vikhroli)
can anyone confirm Thane to ambernath train running fine or not
what about CST TO KARJAT (sent from Malad)
I'm standing at CSMT & want to go Thane, any updates? Please share Khopoli train details too..
trains from ghatkopar to thane..workn or not??? (sent from Ghatkopar)
what about khopoil to thane line...is there any mega block for today..??? (sent from Khopoli Stn.)
what are the running train timings of kasara to thane today
no issues right? 
can someone plzz update the running status of train from Kalyan to cst? (sent from Vithalwadi)
cst to thane trains are working? (sent from Bhiwandi Road Stn.)
 is tHere megablock today? (sent from Kalyan)
trains to shahad working?  (sent from Mulund)
are trains to thane on time? (sent from Ghatkopar)
is Kalyan to Ghatkopar trains running on time?
are trains running from thane to kurla?
kitni deri se chal rahi hai trains? (sent from Gtb Nagar)
train from dadar to cst working?  (sent from Goregaon Stn.)
is mega block there today? if yes what time? (sent from Mahim Jn Stn.)
from Dadar to Dombivli train hei kya?? (sent from Dadar Stn.)
what is mega block time for central  (sent from Dombivli)
what is status for Vasai to diva jn 
from badlapur to thane trains are on time or not? please reply (sent from Badlapur)
mumbra se train chalu hai kya ?
train chaloo h ki nai..?  (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
how much delay? (sent from Badlapur)
today's megablock timing ? 
are trains stopping at Vidyavihar Station??  (sent from Mulund)
what about 8.36 Kalyan local
train is running till dadar?? (sent from Mulund)
Sentral Lin chalu he kya nahi boos?? (sent from Koparkhairne)
aaj central line pe megablok hai kya? kaha hai? (sent from Neral Stn.)
where is khopoli train
what is status of central train ? r they running properly or not (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)
what about central line satus (sent from Kurla Stn.)
CST to badlapur train chali hai kya....?? (sent from Byculla Stn.)
Kanjurmarg se thane train chal rhi hai Kya?
khopoli kaha tak pochi? pls update (sent from Badlapur Stn.)
kurla se Kalyan train chalu hai Kya?
thane to ambernath ja sakte he Kya... fast train se? (sent from Thane Stn.)
is it advisable to go to cst today? (sent from Dombivli)
Hi I'm at Ambernath station can anyone tell me where is 8:41 khopoli trn (sent from Ambernath Stn.)
whts the status of marine line? (sent from Kurla Stn.)
Kalyan to karjat train time pe he? ja sakte he? 
is there mega block on central line (sent from Badlapur)
ambernath to cst trains time p h Kya ?
Kasara to cst  train chalu  he ky? (sent from Koparkhairne)
are train running from thane to catch? (sent from Dombivli)
CST? (sent from Dombivli)
Kalyan to karjat?  (sent from Kalyan)
what the status from shahad to thane ..plss tell me
panvel se vadala road train route pe block kB se start hoga? any guess
kurla to karjat locals are running in between ?? (sent from Tilak Nagar)
I wanna go to wadala.i am at mulund.so should I leave?? (sent from Mulund)
i am waiting for 8:26 thane train since when. can someone tell me where is it?
are trains running between dadar to ambernath ? (sent from Malad Stn.)
what's the status of khopoli  train  (sent from Chembur Stn.)
Ghatkopar se Dombivali train chalri hain kya? (sent from Ghatkopar)
karjat train running on time? (sent from Bhandup Stn.)
is badlapur to cst local service on time? (sent from Badlapur)
Kurla to Dadar?
where is Asangaon trn?  (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
Kalyan to kurla train status?
कृपया कुणी आजचा मेगाब्लॉक वेळापत्रक सांगाल का? (sent from Shahad)
are trains running from Kasara to Kalyan?
trian chalu hai kya?  (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)
r trains on time? (sent from Cst Stn.)
what's status of sion to ghatkoper (sent from Sion Stn.)
   train  chalu  hai  kya....?  (sent from Marine Lines Stn.)
titwala to thane is late ir what (sent from Titwala Stn.)
are trains on time? i need to go to Andheri (sent from Ambernath Stn.)
Ghatkoper se Ambernath Train chalu hai kay?? (sent from Govandi Stn.)
are trains working till thane? (sent from Mahim Jn Stn.)
what about Powai? can anyone tell me the condition at Powai? I got my SBI po exam centre there (sent from Mulund)
train are running from Dadar to Badlapur??? (sent from Elphinstone Road Stn.)
kalyan to cstm train running status???? (sent from Vithalwadi)
anybody at Dombivli station? please let check whether Asangaon trn is passed or not?  (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
koyana express comes on which platform at Kalyan? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
trains are  running from Dadar to Badlapur???? (sent from Elphinstone Road Stn.)
can anyone say at which station is towards thane train (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)
Are trains working from Kasara to Dombivli? (sent from Chembur)
What about dombivli to Dadar?
what about dombivali to kanjur? (sent from Nilje Stn.)
what about ambernath to thane (sent from Ambernath)
pls anyone confirm train running from Dadar to Badlapur??? (sent from Elphinstone Road Stn.)
is train running fine from kurla to thane??
how about trains for kalyan to thane??? (sent from Shahad)
are trains from cstm to vikroli working?? (sent from Marine Lines)
same as yesterday or even worse? (sent from Shahad)
aaj mega block ahe ki nahi Badlapur teh Kalyan chya madhe?
western ka alag chat box h (sent from Vidyavihar Stn.)
shahad se thane train status? (sent from Shahad)
is There mega block between Badlapur & Kalyan?
Some news being circulated on WhatsApp, that a bridge has collapsed in Ghatkopar. Is this true/verified ? (sent from Ghatkopar)
guysss tell mw about shahad to thane??? (sent from Shahad)
when? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
what about kasara train from kurla at 8.55 am? (sent from Asangaon Stn.)
what is about badlapur to kalyan (sent from Elphinstone Road Stn.)
shahad to thane train status any1??? (sent from Shahad)
any mega blok on thane - kalyan route  ??? (sent from Thakurli Stn.)
what about dombivli to byculla (sent from Dombivli)
what about karjat train... (sent from Byculla Stn.)
CST to Kalyan line chalu ahe ka? (sent from Bhandup)
karjat train - any delays ? (sent from Badlapur Stn.)
dadar to thane train status....train late hai kya????
Stop asking Questions and post only the information which you have. This will only help all!  (sent from Mumbra Stn.)
What about the train status from ghatkopar to kalyan?
what about train status from bhivpuri to kurla
what are the train status from ghatkopar to thane (sent from Ghatkopar)
what is the status of cst to titvala train
train status from Kalyan to thane??? (sent from Kalyan)
ulhas to thane? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
Vidyavihar se chalu hai right trains?  (sent from Vidyavihar)
thane se bhivpuri jane ke liye train available hai kya ????
shahad to thane? (sent from Shahad)
shahad to thane status? (sent from Shahad)
is there any difficulty to reach Ghatkopar from Patel???  (sent from Lower Parel)
Vikhroli to kalyan jau shakato Ka ?? (sent from Vikhroli)
shahad to thane status any1? (sent from Shahad)
1 baje ke baad thane se kurla ke liye train milege kya????
kasara to cst ??? chalu hain
dombivali to cst ? (sent from Nahur)
only Vidhyadhar to Byculla mega Block is there ..? rest trains are running? (sent from Badlapur Stn.)
trains are working from shahad till thane? (sent from Shahad)
what is the time of mega block on central line (sent from Vadala Road)
1 baje ke baad thane se vidyavihar ke liye train milegi????
shahad to thane train status? (sent from Shahad)
kalwa to Kalyan train status? (sent from Kalva)
any long route trains cancelled??......like Hyderabad express and all (sent from Kings Circle Stn.)
Khopoli status ? (sent from Karjat Stn.)
harbour line chalu hai kya? 
R train running from mumbra ?? (sent from Byculla Stn.)
dadar to badlapur chalu he kya ? (sent from Charni Road Stn.)
trains to karjat running or stuck at kalyan? (sent from Thane Stn.)
what about train from ambernath to dadar ??? (sent from Elphinstone Road Stn.)
trains from Byculla to Ghatkopar are working ? (sent from Chinchpokli Stn.)
train is running between cstm to kalyan?  (sent from Kanjur Marg)
is everything ok from thane to Badlapur??? (sent from Sanpada Stn.)
railway enquiry no is what
are you sure?  (sent from Kanjur Marg)
Karjat se train chalu aahet ka? (sent from Dombivli)
trains from Kalyan to mulund running on tym..? (sent from Kalyan)
what about àmbernath (sent from Seawood Darave Stn.)
what iz the status of Kurla to Dadar  pls (sent from Kalyan)
what about water problem  (sent from Mumbai Central Stn.)
trains puri taraha band hai ki late chalu hai?? (sent from Vikhroli)
are trains late or cancelled? (sent from Badlapur Stn.)
badlapur cstm chalu aahe ?
sandhurst to ghatkoper train are working ? (sent from Masjid)
is there mega block on central line today (sent from Dahisar)
dombivli to cst trains running properly??
Karjat to thane train are running? (sent from Neral Stn.)
what is the status of train from Dadar to Thane now at 9.45 am (sent from Lower Parel)
are the trains on central line running from kalyan to Thane? 
jaau kya? (sent from Mulund)
thane to kalyan mega block hai kya?
is there mega block at Diva to CST (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)
is Amb to Thane trains on time?? (sent from Ambernath)
mumbra to kalyan train chalu hai kyaa? 
badlapur to bhadup...is available? (sent from Badlapur)
Are trains on time ? (sent from Bhandup Stn.)
is their any mega block on central line??  (sent from Kalyan)
cst sliw q ny aa rahi h..?😣. (sent from Thane Stn.)
Thane - dombivali trains cha Kahi issue aahe Ka??? (sent from Kalva)
12:40 train is there from khopoli???
what about radar to Kaplan trains ??
where is asan hain train (sent from Asangaon Stn.)
what is the status form Vikhroli to kalyan (sent from Vikhroli)
what is status for kopar to karjat
is trains running on time from dombivali to dadar?  (sent from Dombivli)
what is status for cst to khopoli (sent from Elphinstone Road)
Thane ghatkopar train. running?
what about karjat train (sent from Elphinstone Road Stn.)
Ambarnath bhandup train. running?
Today megablock in central line?? 
where did 10.08 badlapur reached @frm domb (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
kasara to dadar??
Thanks Mam..Train chalu nahiyet ka?  (sent from Mumbra Stn.)
dadar to kalyan train ?? (sent from Dadar)
kurla to thane trains are running on time? (sent from Sion Stn.)
thane to cst trains on time?
what is train status (sent from Grant Road)
how khopli line running 
wts status of fast trains between cst to kalyan? (sent from Sandhurst Road)
trains from Vashi to thane are running fine? (sent from Vadala Road Stn.)
what is status of kasara -kalyan route...trains on time???
आज लोकल ट्रेन वेळेवर आहेत का? (sent from Koparkhairne)
status of thane dadar????
dadar to thane train chalu ahe ka?
what is the status of 9:45 khopoli train from lowjee
what's status Kalyan to karjat train? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
where are you? (sent from Cotton Green)
what is the train status (sent from Chinchpokli Stn.)
what is the status of cst to panvel (sent from Cotton Green)
some please tell what is status of trains between karjat to kalyan
trains are on time from Ulhasnagar to CST? (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)
karjat se kalyan trains status kya hai ??
are trains from Kasara to Kalyan on time?
Trains are at normal intervals at Byculla.Whats the status ahead of Byculla? (sent from Byculla Stn.)
cst too trains are on time ?? (sent from Bhiwandi Road Stn.)
why always kasara and asangaon trains late.  (sent from Titwala Stn.)
Hello Friends, Trains chalu hai kya? (sent from Matheran)
is 10:10 kasara cst on time?? (sent from Mulund Stn.)
Thane Ghatkopar trains hai?
trains running from kalyan to badlapur? (sent from Byculla)
how about the trains of Karjat and khopoli? (sent from Badlapur)
whats the status of kalyan CSMT?  (sent from Thakurli)
what about kalyan to csmt..is training running  (sent from Ambivli Stn.)
कल्याण से ठाणे ट्रेन चल रही है?
what about status of train from kurla to mulund (sent from Tilak Nagar)
bhandup to dadar ? gharse bahar niklu ya nahi (sent from Bhandup Stn.)
what about Badlapur to Kalyan  (sent from Badlapur)
what about status of train ulhasnager to thane (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)
kurla to thane koi issue nhi hai na ? (sent from Chunabhatti Stn.)
bhandup to dadar ? gharse bahar niklu ya nahi (sent from Bhandup Stn.)
is there is a mega block between kalyan to csmt (sent from Ambivli Stn.)
karjat ko trains hai? (sent from Ambernath)
kalyan se csmt tak koi issue hai kya...? (sent from Ambivli Stn.)
karjat anyone? (sent from Ambernath)
are trains working from CST to Kalyan? (sent from Bhandup)
is there any megablock on central line???
trains running to baldapur from Dadar ???? (sent from Elphinstone Road Stn.)
central train till dombiwali is on time? (sent from Dahisar)
badlapur to thane..?? (sent from Vangani Stn.)
is there trains are running  (sent from Byculla Stn.)
dadar to thane train hai? (sent from Parel)
trains chalu ahe ka badlapur pasun??? (sent from Badlapur)
megablock h kya shahad se kurla tk? (sent from Vithalwadi)
,what is the news about going to Thane side (sent from Tilak Nagar)
,what is the news about going to Thane side (sent from Tilak Nagar)
kurla to nahur slow line are working or not? (sent from Gtb Nagar Stn.)
thenk you. after 11 also na? (sent from Gtb Nagar Stn.)
mujhe shahd nikalna hai 12 baje. main niklu ya nahi?train chalu hai shahd tak ?
Karjat to dadar train are running???
ghatkopar to Thane trains working or not??
,what is the news about going to Thane side (sent from Tilak Nagar)
kasara to cstm trains are working or not???
Is train r running. . . ? ?  (sent from Badlapur)
ambernath to thane train timing??
are trains going to Karjat from Kalyan and from which station?  (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
is there any train for cst via central (sent from Kurla Stn.)
when will fast train to Karjat from dadar (sent from Dadar Stn.)
dombivli se bsdlapur chalu hai Kya ? (sent from Dombivli)
central line chalu hai? (sent from Grant Road Stn.)
?????  (sent from Kurla)
Sion kurla see train time par ja Raha hai Kya ? (sent from Ghatkopar)
did u reached?? bich me kahi ruki thi kya??  (sent from Mankhurd)
is there Thane to Dadar train running 
fast train on time??? (sent from Mulund Stn.)
what abt status of train from klyn to dadar. (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
kurla se Karjat train chalu hai kya?? (sent from Tilak Nagar Stn.)
 is there train running from Kalyan to kurla (sent from Vithalwadi)
trains towards Kurla are working properly?? (sent from Mulund)
Thane to Badlapur trains running on time?
Bhai log ye slow train kaha gaya. ho gayi hai ? ek bhi nahi dikh rahi hai. (sent from Matunga Road Stn.)
trains are on time? (sent from Mulund)
kurla to titwala train is running or not ?? (sent from Kurla Stn.)
what's the train status Dadar to kalyan (sent from Bandra Stn.)
is there mega block today?
        Is it safe to leave for dadar now? (sent from Dombivli)
is trains are on time ? (sent from Badlapur Stn.)
ok what about western till mumbai central (sent from Dombivli)
central line csmt to dombivali is it running on time or late? (sent from Masjid Stn.)
are trains from vidhyavihar to thane running well? (sent from Mulund)
Dadar to Thane trains are on time ? (sent from Elphinstone Road Stn.)
any news about long route trains from cst or kurla? is they r going on time ? (sent from Kalyan)
is there any trains from mumbra to csmt?( sent from Mumbra) 
is Megha block on central line?
wants to go Ulhasnagar from Byculla. is trains are running as usual? (sent from Byculla Stn.)
is there any train running for kalyan (sent from Goregaon)
Is there mega block on Central between Thane & Dadar?  (sent from Rabale)
अंबरनाथ ते सीएसएमटी लोकल आजचे वेळापत्रक मिळेल ?
are the trains running on time from kalyan??
where is 10.58 badlapur cst (sent from Badlapur Stn.)
is there any megablock at kurla to karjat (sent from Santa Cruz)
is there any train from thane to vashi  (sent from Badlapur Stn.)
is karjat khopoli train are on time?
what is the status of trains from kurla to cst?
kasara train??
what is the status of train Thane to CST 
plz send ghatkopar to dombivli train status?
Kurla to dadar barish hai Kya?  (sent from Titwala Stn.)
is Pune to Mumbai trains working?
What is the status kurla to dombivli? 
Titwala ke liye train chalu hai kya ??? (sent from Mulund)
train running From Dadar to Thane?
where has Titwala CST fast train reached? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
local trains running proper for ambarnath??
badlapur to thane ka status batao...? (sent from Badlapur)
is there today megablock (sent from Badlapur)
dadar to thane trains??
cst to ghatkooar chalu ahe ka? (sent from Byculla Stn.)
I am in Ambernath any body tell me i want go to Kurla What is the current status Both stations  (sent from Ambernath)
karjat train ata kuthe ahe? (sent from Badlapur)
kurla to Ulanshnagar ? (sent from Kurla)
kalyan to titwala chalu he kya? (sent from Shahad)
are trains on time?
thane to dadar ?
what is current status of the local train (sent from Mahim Jn)
Ulhasnagar to Dadar? (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)
kural to Ambernath Train chalu hai ky? (sent from Kurla Stn.)
how late are the fast trains and how late slow or on time?
than why the trains are so late (sent from Kalva Stn.)
I want to go to Kalyan. local train is wrkng r not ? (sent from Gtb Nagar)
wat about dombivli to dadar?? (sent from Dombivli)
hello what is the status of Thane karjat Line (sent from Thane)
mumbra to cst chalu hai Kya??? (sent from Byculla Stn.)
is there any mega block from.mumbra
status from kurla..? (sent from Cotton Green)
so slow trains late by 39 min??
karjat train? (sent from Thane Stn.)
kalwa se ulhas nagar ke liye train chalu hai kya? (sent from Kalva)
Dadar Sathi train ahe ka??? (sent from Ghatkopar)
which trains  mails diverted & cancelled main line (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
central line mega block from where to were and time (sent from Kopar)
then ulhasnagar mai bhi hoga ?? (sent from Karjat Stn.)
train b/ w CST to Bandra running or not ? (sent from Kharghar Stn.)
ulhasnagar tak train chal rahi hai kya?
Kalyan to ambernath train is running? (sent from Turbhe Stn.)
Kalyan to Thane working?
dear Friend please update the train station from respective station, those who are on railway station on this chat 
mega blocks on which track
Kurla to Vikhroli working?? (sent from Kurla Stn.)
what about kalyan to CSMT
what about sion to thane (sent from Khar Road)
down side trains from badlapur to karjat are running or not?? (sent from Badlapur)
what abt dadar to ambernath ??  (sent from Lower Parel)
what about cstm to dombiwali
are train running on time or there is a megablock ?? (sent from Vasai Road)
what about dadar to Kalyan (sent from Mahalakshmi Stn.)
is megablock on central line?
what about the jalwa to dadar (sent from Kalva Stn.)
is there any mega block on central line?
is there any mega block on central line?
is train working from Kurla to Vikhroli? (sent from Kurla Stn.)
how to travel then
are trains working from Dombivli to Dadar?  
डोंबिवली ते दादर ट्रेन चालू आहेत का??? (sent from Thakurli)
what about Dadar to thane  (sent from Mahim Jn Stn.)
आणि वेस्टर्न लाईन चालू आहेत का???
are the trains operational from ghatkopar to thane? (sent from Andheri)
is there any problem at Ghatkopar station (sent from Thane Stn.)
???? (sent from Thane Stn.)
guys news war sangtait 1hr late ahe train is it true?
trains are on time today or not 
दादर to कुर्ला : काही प्रॉब्लेम?  (sent from Kurla)
cst say mumbra chalu hai kya plzz koi batao???
what's the status  of Khopoli  train (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
what's the status of Thane to Panvel local (sent from Thane Stn.)
what is status of central line train. (sent from Vasai Road)
hi diva se vikhroli train chal rahi he kya?
is there any train to karjat (from diva)
is fast train working ? (sent from Dombivli)
Kasara train running ? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
Is train working properly  today?  (sent from Kopar)
kalwa se dadar train chalu hai kya? pls.send status (sent from Kalva)
Kurla ke liye train chalu hai kya ? (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
can some1 reply if fast trains are working ? (sent from Dombivli)
DADAR to kalyan train is on time?  (sent from Mahim Jn)
CST to Matunga train chal Rahi hai kya??
ulhasnagar to Ghatkopar? is it working? can anybody revert soonnn
what is the situation of Badlapur station? (sent from Badlapur)
central line Train are moving or not ?? (sent from Dadar Stn.)
badlapur to KARJAT train hai kya? (sent from Badlapur)
any train from amb to car? (sent from Ambernath Stn.)
r u sure nitesh?
what bout kutla to dombiwli (sent from Mankhurd Stn.)
what is the status of trains from kurla to wadala..
r u sure?
towards csmt? (sent from Kurla Stn.)
karjat train status? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
trains are available from sion stn?? (sent from Sion Stn.)
towards csmt? (sent from Sion Stn.)
?? (sent from Bhandup)
thanks to all who are answering peoples query... (sent from Bhayander)
is train between dadar to mulund??? 
trains from diva to kurla are running or not? 
are trains on time or delay???
Karjat to kalyan Trains are working or not please ?? let me know !  (sent from Karjat Stn.)
Ghatkopar to Kalyan scene?  (sent from Shahad)
Kurla to CST chalu hai kya? (sent from Kurla Stn.)
 are trains running towards karjat?  (sent from Kopar Stn.)
ghatkopar to badlapur trains are runing? (sent from Jogeshwari)
barish ki wajah se train late hai kya???? 
kalayan fast ka status? (sent from Dadar Stn.)
Is there megablock today in central line in thane-kurla route?? (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)
Train hi nahi 15 min hogaye ?
what's the status of 12:44 Khopoli  train from Ghatkopar  (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
karjat se Ghatkopar jaana hai train are working properly? (sent from Ghatkopar)
is there megablock today for central 
what is status of central line???  (sent from Gtb Nagar Stn.)
is there water logging at thane station
trains working on time??
are the trains running from dadar to Thane properly ? (sent from Mumbai Central Stn.)
what is the status of  central line trains  (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
central railway on time?
situation at kurla?
train? (sent from Andheri Stn.)
situation at thane for centarl railway????
csmt to sandhurst road chalu aahe?? 
how is weather conditions near CST (sent from Shahad Stn.)
thane to bhandup train chalu hai.kya..?? (sent from Thane Stn.)
is Ghatkopar train running?
kalyan cha pudhe line chalu aahe ka..? 
is there trn available from neral to kalyan (sent from Vangani Stn.)
so trains stopped for sandhurst road even? frm csmt please reply
are mumbra csmt running? 
ghatkopar te ulhasnagar chalu aahe ka?
is there any train in central line running Sandhurst road to Kurla...??  (sent from Sandhurst Road Stn.)
is today mega block towards badlapur? (sent from Kalyan)
central railway working? from CST to ghatkopar
thane ke liye train chalu he ?? dadar se
kalawa to Currey Road train available hai kya??? (sent from Elphinstone Road)
trains are on time or late???  (sent from Vasind)
Dadar to kalyan trains are on time or late??  (sent from Vithalwadi)
Dadar to kalyan trains are on time or late??  (sent from Vithalwadi)
Dadar to kalyan trains are on time or late??  (sent from Vithalwadi)
Dadar to kalyan trains are on time or late??  (sent from Vithalwadi)
is central train working properly??? (sent from Chinchpokli Stn.)
where is kasara train  (sent from Khardi)
down side from kalyan to badlapur late or on time??
Asangaon to cst? 
Panvel to Kurla?
from Thane to csmt train are running? (sent from Koparkhairne Stn.)
what is train status cstm to thane (sent from Churchgate Stn.)
from Thane to csmt train are running? (sent from Koparkhairne Stn.)
from Thane to csmt train are running? (sent from Koparkhairne Stn.)
central line train working  or not
what is the status for Central  (sent from Churchgate)
is there any train from sion to cst ? (sent from Sion Stn.)
aaj train chalu aahet ka?
thane to titwala any update???
train from cst to thane working or not ? (sent from Byculla Stn.)
are the central line are working?  (sent from Marine Lines Stn.)
trains are late or on time??  (sent from Marine Lines Stn.)
cebtral line traind from ambernath is it available on time or delayed or cancelled ? can anyone feedback on this ?
Kalyan to Thane Kya status hai? (sent from Kalyan)
sion se kanjurmarg chalu he train?  (sent from Kings Circle)
Aaj dadar aur thane ke beech megablock hai kya? (sent from Dahisar)
is there any megablock between Dadar and Thane today? please reply to me (sent from Dahisar)
train from thane to kurla?????
khopoli train left from dadar????  (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
central line status???
central line status???
??
thane se kurla ke train hai???
aaj koi mega block toh nahi hai na??? (sent from Cst Stn.)
no train since long time at Sion. Any updates? (sent from Sion Stn.)
trains are working on time ? (sent from Marine Lines)
what about the trains from the dadar to csmt? (sent from Dadar Stn.)
dadar to thane on time?  (sent from Kandivali)
kurla se kalyan train hai kya???  (sent from Gtb Nagar Stn.)
12 karjat cancelled ???? (sent from Kopar Stn.)
what about tarin status ? dadar to kalyan (sent from Grant Road Stn.)
trains chalu hai kya ? (sent from Lower Parel)
is train running on time from cst to thane?  (sent from Sandhurst Road Stn.)
having megablock from Panvel to Kurla?
CR train status Kay..? (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)
Amber nath se train chalu hai kya? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
kurla to shahad trains chalu hai ? (sent from Santa Cruz Stn.)
CST to Sion chalu hai kya? (sent from Cst Stn.)
status towards cst can u plz give an update...?? (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)
status towards cst can u plz give an update...?? (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)
status towards cst can u plz give an update...?? (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)
CST to Sion chalu hai kya? (sent from Cst Stn.)
Thane to dadar chalu hai Kya???  (sent from Koparkhairne)
any megablock today?
Are Karjat to Thane local trains arriving on time? (sent from Sanpada Stn.)
kasara to dadar..??
what's status from CSTM TOWARDS THANE (sent from Grant Road Stn.)
train chalu hai na??~ (sent from Matunga Stn.)
Hi Aaj central railway chalu hai kya? 
late hai kya CST towards Thane? (sent from Grant Road Stn.)
thana to dadar Train available??
any train towards CSMT?
kurla to thane trains ka kya status hai?? (sent from Kurla)
thane to panvel train available?? (sent from Bhandup)
? 
thane to panvel train available?? (sent from Bhandup)
? 
kurla to thane trains ka kya status hai?? (sent from Kurla)
towards Thane? (sent from Grant Road Stn.)
thane to panvel train available?? (sent from Bhandup)
towards Thane? (sent from Grant Road Stn.)
kitna minute train late hai? (sent from Matunga Stn.)
from sion badlapur train status? (sent from Mahim Jn)
is kasara fast running late?  (sent from Thane Stn.)
thane to cst - status?
aaj central mein mega block hai kya?
are trains are working properly from cstm to Mumbra ???
byculla to vikroli train is running ? (sent from Mumbai Central Stn.)
where is this train (sent from Thane Stn.)
kurla to Badlapur train are running on time or not? (sent from Kurla Stn.)
badlapur train chalu hai kya?  (sent from Badlapur)
diva vasai train is runing properly  ? (sent from Shahad)
badlapur karjat khopoli train chalu hai kya?  (sent from Badlapur)
is there any train for asan gaon from thane in next half hour (sent from Thane Stn.)
Are trains running properly?  (sent from Vikhroli)
cstm to Kalyan trains are running??? pls update current status (sent from Byculla Stn.)
kalyan to Thane trains on time? (sent from Shahad)
from kasara to Thane?
curry road to dombivli train h kya?? (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)
is there any megablock 
where is cst to kasara 11.46 local (sent from Titwala Stn.)
kurla to kalyan chalu hai Kya???? please reply ke any one know  (sent from Jogeshwari)
is Ghatkopar local available? (sent from Airoli)
is there megablock in badlapur to thane  (sent from Badlapur)
Badlapur to csmt what is the status ?
trains on time?  (sent from Ghatkopar)
what is the status of train from Dombivili ?????? (sent from Dombivli)
Kurla to CSMT trains are on time?
is 1.25 from shahad on time?  (sent from Vithalwadi)
is 1.25 fast from shahad on time?  (sent from Vithalwadi)
badlapur to cst train time p hai kya?  (sent from Thane Stn.)
badlapur to cst train time p hai kya?  (sent from Thane Stn.)
Kurla to kalyan are services on time?  (sent from Vidyavihar)
thane to sion?  (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)
12:36 cst slow kidar hai ?  (sent from Kurla Stn.)
anyone in cst slow train towards kurla ? (sent from Kurla Stn.)
what about dadar to kalyan ?? (sent from Malad)
are trains running on time ?
badlapur to cst train time p hai kya?  (sent from Thane Stn.)
is there a Mega block today? 
where is the mega block (sent from Thane Stn.)
cst to kalyan chalu he??
kalva to mumbra chalu aahe..? (sent from Kalva)
what about central line (sent from Masjid Stn.)
Ghatkopar to CSMT trains are running now??? kindly update/respond
central line chalu he na?
dadar to Thane train is working? I or not?  (sent from Dadar Stn.)
what about panchvati express at 6.15 to Nashik?... Is there possibility of it getting delayed (sent from Andheri)
???? (sent from Grant Road Stn.)
Trains are on? (sent from Chinchpokli Stn.)
???? (sent from Masjid Stn.)
curry road to dadar train working? (sent from Elphinstone Road Stn.)
kalwa to cst chalu hai kya??? (sent from Kalva)
 heyy how are you guys (sent from Kings Circle Stn.)
ghatkopar to kalyan fast working????? (sent from Ghatkopar)
mega block to nahi? (sent from Vikhroli)
mega block to nahi? (sent from Vikhroli)
are trains running on time? 
Thane to Dadar trains running?
Dura to nagpur time war aahe ka?
bhai logon kurla to thane train chalu hai kya ? (sent from Kurla Stn.)
Ghatkopar to CST trains running or not? (sent from Ghatkopar)
Is mulund to cst working now?
dada se Thane  slow train calu hai? 
ghatkopar to dombivali tarin chalu he kya?  (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
central line chalu hai kya? (sent from Sewri Stn.)
what is the status of trains. are trains on time towards CST from Kalyan (sent from Vithalwadi)
or not
ambernath se train chalu hai kya???
central railway megablock is cancelled?
is there mega block from thane to ghatkopar (sent from Andheri)
train running proper between ghatkopar to dombivli?? 
is there megablock between dadar to thane
trains from Dadar to Kalyan fast  is running?? (sent from Gtb Nagar)
how about trains from bhandup to kalyan? (sent from Bhandup Stn.)
is there water logging at dadar and sion station
is there megablock in central line today (sent from Thakurli)
Thane to Dadar running? (sent from Koparkhairne)
Kalva to csmt status? (sent from Kalva)
train running from Ghatkopar to Mulund? (sent from Nerul Stn.)
? (sent from Andheri)
 cst side trains status? (sent from Nahur Stn.)
train to titwala  on time ???
Ghatkopar status? (sent from Nerul Stn.)
1:10 train from cst to titwala on time ???
Are trains running from Dombivli to Ghatkopar?
Ghatkoper to cst what is train time?  (sent from Chembur)
what about csmt station (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)
any update from sion station?? (sent from Mulund)
kya Karjat to Thane time pr hai? (sent from Sanpada Stn.)
any idea for trains from Ghatkopar to Thane?? (sent from Vidyavihar)
kasara train chalu hai?? (sent from Mumbra)
what abt trains to Pune.. is pragati still running (sent from Matunga Stn.)
csmt to kalyan ?
trains to pune????  (sent from Matunga Stn.)
?? (sent from Gtb Nagar)
cst say kurla train chalu hay Kya ? (sent from Kurla Stn.)
where is thane badlapur local (sent from Ambernath Stn.)
kurla to thane station working? (sent from Tilak Nagar Stn.)
titwala se cst train chalu hai kya? (sent from Chinchpokli Stn.)
kasara to dadar working?
cst to kalyan/khopoli/kasara working or not
are trains from Bhandup to Dadar running? (sent from Bhandup)
kasara to thane route on time hai Kya ???
what's the status on train 
Ambernath se CST train running status?
friends are the trains on time from Thane to badlapur ? is there mega block in central line?
Can anyone tell me about trains from thane to cstm working or not?
CST to kalyan train chalu hai kya ?? plz koi reply to de (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)
hi.. what abt Thane to cst ?
Kanjurmarg to dombivali chalu Hai ky? (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)
dadar to chennai express chalu asel ka?
mulund to Vidhyavihar is working na?  (sent from Nahur)
is train running in between thane to kalyan? (sent from Nerul)
is train  running from karjat to cst..?
?? (sent from Nahur)
central line train are on time? (sent from Bhayander)
ट्रेन चालू आहेत का?
what about central line??
are faat train going till dadar?  
what about kalyan to Thane?
how many minutes late fast and slow?
any train from matunga to thane?
everybody asks questions on this chat. who answers?
what is the status of karjat Badlapur trains
is train working from Thane to kurla? 
central  railway chalo hai?
kyn to kjt train is immediately which time (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
is there any train to asangaon from thane (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
any train for badlapur? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
is central line trains are running properly ?? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
which mega blog is going on? 
badlapur ke train hai? (sent from Mulund)
Water logging in Kurla?  (sent from Kalyan)
are there any trains for Kalyan from ghatkopar??  (sent from Dativali)
anyone in karjat train.... when it will reach kalyan....???? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
panvel train is running or not 
is all train running properly ??
koi bata sakte hai ke Thane mein megablock hai yaa nahi? please mujhko reply karo (sent from Dahisar)
can anyone tell me that is there a megablock at Thane or not? please reply to me. (sent from Dahisar)
means no trains for Kalyan?  (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)
ghatkopar to kalyaan train are working  or not????  please update asap  (sent from Jogeshwari)
Thane to kurla trains chal rahi hai? 
trains wrking from Dadar to Badlapur? (sent from Matunga Road Stn.)
harbour line chlu hai Kay ??? (sent from Dockyard Road)
csmt to kalyan ?
trains working from kalyan to dadar??
Trains running between Mulund to Kalyan? (sent from Mulund Stn.)
What is the status of Ulhasnagar to Thane? Is all are on time? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
Are trains running from thane to dadar?
bhandup to cst train is on time or not
Ulhasnagar to Thane? anyone? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
Ulhasnagar Karjat??? (sent from Neral Stn.)
kurla to thane trains are working or not ????? (sent from Tilak Nagar Stn.)
central line current train status?
train from ghatkopar  to badlapur is working or not if working how much late they r  (sent from Ghatkopar)
Karjat train????? (sent from Neral Stn.)
my office is at thane m at kurla ?? what is status (sent from Tilak Nagar Stn.)
what about dombivali to cst? trains are running? 
 is mega block in central line??? (sent from Mumbra Stn.)
what about from kurla to thane ?? trains r working on time (sent from Tilak Nagar Stn.)
Karjat train status ??? (sent from Neral Stn.)
what is the status between csmt and kalyan (sent from Charni Road Stn.)
what about sion station??
kurla to Thane train shuru hai kya? 
Is dombivli-dadar train cancelled? (sent from Thane Stn.)
kurla to thane trains are running on time??
Dadar to Thane train chalu hai ? (sent from Grant Road Stn.)
train from neral to cst ? (sent from Neral Stn.)
.?????  (sent from Churchgate)
train working Dombivli to Dadar? or not?
ulhasnagar  to cstm??? (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)
plz answer is there dadar to kalyan trains r running?
dombivali to csmt chalu hai Kaya ??? (sent from Mulund)
Any issue between dadar to thane? please reply 
train are late or not??? 
are trains wrking from ulhasnagar to thane ? please reply
ulhasnagar to Dadar chalu hai Train it's? (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)
koi toh jawab do...Dadar to Thane train chalu hai Kya? (sent from Grant Road Stn.)
kurla to thane what is status (sent from Tilak Nagar Stn.)
Where is karjat train now? that was supposed to reach ulhasnagar by 2:21???  (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)
khopoli train ka status batao koi? (sent from Karjat Stn.)
what time will train come at vashi for kurla (sent from Vashi Stn.)
churchgate to mira road train is start ????
kidhar ke liye? (sent from Karjat Stn.)
churchgate to mira road train is start ????
central line trains proper chalu hai kya? (sent from Kalva)
what's the status of local trains dombivli to cst (sent from Kopar)
thana vashi chalu hai kya? (sent from Dombivli)
kasara train status? (sent from Titwala)
karjat gadi Kaha pe pohchi??  (sent from Badlapur Stn.)
Stop asking Questions, post only information which you have. This only will help all people!  (sent from Vidyavihar Stn.)
Stop asking Questions, post only information which you have. This only will help all people!  (sent from Vidyavihar Stn.)
what is the current status for central line ?? (sent from Churchgate Stn.)
from vidyavihar any train is there for titwala?????
what is local train status from dadar to virar  (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)
are trains running slow?? (sent from Thakurli Stn.)
Thane to Dadar is operational ?? (sent from Dadar Stn.)
train are stop from thane to cst???  (sent from Thakurli)
are trains running slow? (sent from Nahur Stn.)
please update from thane station??  (sent from Thakurli)
is there any mega block between kalyan to thane ??
what fast train status from ulhasnagar station to thane station  (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)
anybody from Ghatkopar? (sent from Ghatkopar)
trains working from Ghatkopar to Thane? (sent from Vidyavihar Stn.)
is there any train problem today
ghatkopar to thane train chalu hai kya? 
is Thane to CSTM trains are opertional ?
Panvel tak trains going from cst??  (sent from Cst Stn.)
karjat gadi?????  (sent from Badlapur Stn.)
is train working on csmt to Thane ?? (sent from Lower Parel)
pandey ji?  (sent from Sandhurst Road Stn.)
dadar to dombivli how is train working normal pace?
where is karjat (sent from Badlapur Stn.)
THANE se dadar train Chal raha hai kya?  (sent from Thane)
train chal Rahi hai kya ?  (sent from Badlapur Stn.)
badlapur se ghatkopar train chal rha hai kya ? (sent from Badlapur)
thane to Cst working? (sent from Thane)
what's status of local from thane to dadar
central Ka mega block cancel Kiya hai na????
kalyan to cst wht is status? anybody any idea?
what is the current status of d train between badlapur to thane (sent from Badlapur)
train status? (sent from Kalyan)
?  (sent from Ghatkopar)
central ka megablock aaj nahi hai na ? (sent from Kalva)
 what abt Matunga station 
pakka??? coz i want to go kurla from dombivli (sent from Thakurli)
is there water logging? in matunga
are trains operational from kasara?
is there trian available from Ghatkopar to Badlapur ..
cst to kalyan? (sent from Kopar)
shanawaz fast trian Available ?
vithalwadi to CST trains chalu hai? (sent from Grant Road)
 trains kitni late h ??
R the train running between Ghatkopar n Kalyan ?
is Vikhroli to Kurla train working? (sent from Kanjur Marg)
ghatkopar to byculla is working?? (sent from Vidyavihar)
anyone travelling from or to kasara?
?
 is there any water log? (sent from Grant Road)
trains kitna late h ??  pls.  pls. reply
dadar to thane trains delay??? (sent from Charni Road Stn.)
kurla to kalyan update......? (sent from Khar Road)
Central line pe megha block hai kya?  (sent from Vangani)
is kasara to thane working?
what stetus now Badlapur to csmt
Carmen to Dombivli train chalu hain kya? (sent from Charni Road Stn.)
plz what status panvel to cstm now (sent from Vashi Stn.)
CST to Dombivli chalu hai kya? (sent from Charni Road Stn.)
are trains working fine from dadar to Kanjurmarg...  there is  What's Ap msg floating that train services have halted due to some technical issue in Vidyavihar..   (sent from Goregaon)
ghatkopar to kasara train status? (sent from Goregaon)
thane to baldapur kya hai?
CST khopoli train in time???
doesnt look like people who are travelling are interested to reply...  lols (sent from Goregaon)
right... everyone is just asking questions... bt those who r at stations right now are not answering.... (sent from Thakurli)
is there train avaible after 4 from kasara to Cst
karjatse kalyan local train hai kya? (sent from Karjat)
is there any train available for thane (sent from Elphinstone Road Stn.)
trains running on time from Dombivli ? (sent from Nilje)
from Bhandup to Dadar on time? (sent from Bhandup)
i am at bhandup  bhandup to ambernath train running or not? (sent from Ghatkopar)
is karjat to kalyan there is meghablock?
dadar to Thane slow train calu hai? 
kalwa say chalu hai trein? (sent from Kalva Stn.)
klwa say dadar chlu hai ke nahi trein? (sent from Kalva Stn.)
vidyavihar to cst running or not? (sent from Chembur)
catm to kurla train chalu hai kya? (sent from Sandhurst Road Stn.)
is train available from karjet to Dadar train ? (sent from Bhivpuriroad)
train running on time from dombivali?? (sent from Navade Road)
Kalyan se Mumbai ki aur train chalu hai kya? (sent from Ghatkopar)
our trains running on time towards dadar ? (sent from Ghansoli Stn.)
are trains on time? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
cst to kalyan train running on time? (sent from Masjid Stn.)
trains are running grom lonovola to dadar?
टिटवाळा येथे येणारी ३.३७ ची कसारा ट्रेन कुठे आहे आता??? (sent from Titwala)
thane kalyan chalu hai kya? (sent from Thane)
karjat train chalu ahet ka ?
kasara 6 18 ki local delay hai kya?
which train Is now available for cst (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)
areh kasara varun 6.18 chi local delay aahe ka?
what is the status of karjat local of 2.54 pm from cst (sent from Ambernath)
is there is megablock from cst to kalyan (sent from Bhandup)
what is status of lonawla to Karjat 
what the status of express from cstm
? can someone answer the same.
thane to dadar pani hai kya ? (sent from Thakurli)
 r trains running between Bhandup to CST?
train between karjt to cst?? 
is there train from CST to Karjat (sent from Sandhurst Road)
Panvel to csmt train kab start hogi? (sent from Khandeshwar Stn.)
 CST to Dombivali trains theek se chalra hai kya? (sent from Chunabhatti)
What's  the Status of trains  between Dadar and Kalyan ?? (sent from Jogeshwari Stn.)
khopoli train dadar pohochat aahe (sent from Elphinstone Road Stn.)
kurla to dadar chalu ahe ? (sent from Kurla)
is there any issue In central line?  co-operate railway officers..  
thane to titvala train chalu aahe ka?
vidyavihara to thane trains working or not?? (sent from vidyavihar) (sent from Vidyavihar)
what's d situation at neral side? is it raing there? (sent from Nalla Sopara)
are karjat khopoli trains on time?? (sent from Thane)
is the trains running from kasara to cst??? 
trains stopping at curry road station?  (sent from Thane Stn.)
sevagram Express  aaj kyn kitne baje aayei ? (sent from Shahad Stn.)
trains are on time ...till thane?? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
kalwa to Kalyan chalu ahe ka? (sent from Kalva Stn.)
what is the status of trains on central line??? (sent from Sion Stn.)
ghatkopar see bhandup chale he Kya normal...pls...tell?? (sent from Ghatkopar)
can any one please suggest, Kopar - Vasai shuttle working on Sunday?please reply (sent from Nalla Sopara)
byculla to sion chalu he train ki delay chal raha he.? (sent from Byculla)
train time pe hai ya let hai? (sent from Malad Stn.)
dadar to ambernath.. any issue? (sent from Dadar Stn.)
Are trains running from Dadar to Churchgate ?
are trains working properly? (sent from Byculla Stn.)
diva vasai train status? (sent from Vasai Road Stn.)
कल्याण ट्रेन सुरु आहे का? (sent from Mumbai Central Stn.)
local tran started??  (sent from Sandhurst Road)
central line chalu hai?? (sent from Mulund Stn.)
what about trains from khopoli
???
? (sent from Sion Stn.)
central line chali hai..??? (sent from Mulund Stn.)
cst to Kalyan train status?  (sent from Nerul)
central lines working okay? no water logging at Sion? (sent from Kalva Stn.)
any block in central line? (sent from Bhivpuriroad Stn.)
which is next train frim thane to csmt? (sent from Thane)
has Ambernath fast 4.03 left frm CST? 
ambarnath Jane ke liye train chalu hai kya?  (sent from Kanjur Marg)
12294 to train what a  status  for this train number (sent from Bhandup)
what about slow train from cst to thane (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)
Is there trains are proper towards CST?  (sent from Dombivli)
what about kasara trains status, are on time???? (sent from Kalva)
are the trains running from dadar to kurla ??? (sent from Matunga Road Stn.)
is there train from thane to cst (sent from Koparkhairne Stn.)
is there train from thane to cst (sent from Koparkhairne Stn.)
is the trains running from Bhandup to cst (sent from Nahur)
Dadar to cst trains running?
Ghatkopar to DADAR train smoothly running? (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
parel to ghatkopar????? (sent from Parel)
ghatkopar to cst.   all good? (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
sion me pani bhar gaya ky? (sent from Vadala Road Stn.)
DDR to CST trains? please reply fast
Byculla to Sion ? (sent from Sandhurst Road)
plz somebody reply. parel to ghatkopar????? (sent from Parel)
tilaknagar to bandra direct train chalu hai? 
somebody tell me about situation on dadar to thane UP & DOWN way? (sent from Matunga Road)
up chalu ahet ka , thane to cst ? (sent from Panvel)
what about mail trains
what about karjat to dadar  (sent from Karjat Stn.)
kasara to dadar chalu hai Kya? (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)
Ambenath to thane train ? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
how many Mint late (sent from Vangani Stn.)
central line is working?  (sent from Kings Circle Stn.)
is badlapur train working? (sent from Badlapur)
one hour? really (sent from Badlapur)
Kalyan to Mulund trians status? 
what is the status of central line till badlapur today (sent from Lower Parel)
trains available from Thane to Sion? (sent from Byculla Stn.)
train status between Ghatkopar-Thane ? (sent from Vidyavihar)
so..mega block is done or not? (sent from Badlapur)
is there any water logging in kalyan -thane route ??
trains are available frm CST to thane??  (sent from Cst Stn.)
currently where is train (sent from Nahur)
Is the train wotking towards panvel (sent from Chembur Stn.)
...?
what about ghatkopar to cstm (sent from Kurla Stn.)
is dadar to ghatkopar running?? (sent from Vasai Road Stn.)
update status on Ghatkopar to Kalyan trains? are the trains on time??? (sent from Tilak Nagar Stn.)
any new updatesdat? from Badlapur (sent from Badlapur)
any update?? (sent from Vadala Road)
can anybody tell mega block over for central line?
what's the current status (sent from Vikhroli)
what's the current status (sent from Vikhroli)
towards?? (sent from Chembur Stn.)
what about Dadar to kalyan trains? (sent from Goregaon Stn.)
are central line trains working from kurla to thane??
is central railway train running???? on time?? 
is train running towards Badlapur ? (sent from Thane Stn.)
neral how to go (sent from Kurla)
is anyone got train from Thane to Badlapur ? (sent from Thane Stn.)
do we have trains for badlapure from thane station ? (sent from Thane Stn.)
Trains towards CST from Karjat???(sent from Neral) (sent from Vangani Stn.)
are central line train working from Mulund to cst? (sent from Nahur)
goregaon to vadala are working or not
Dombivli to CST ??
trains are running....????
 train from andhari to belapur is working or not 
Is trains are running on time Panvel to CSTm??  (sent from Belapur Cbd Stn.)
are trains running from neral to cstm?? (sent from Neral Stn.)
what about central delay from Thane to Csmt (sent from Mulund)
what about thne to cstm? (sent from Thane Stn.)
karjat to thank? (sent from Koparkhairne)
ट्रेन चालू आहेत का? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
train welewar ahet ka? (sent from Currey Road Stn.)
trains are working properly from dadar to kalyan??  (sent from Kandivali Stn.)
 u r kadi vali n giving updates kalyan?? (sent from Chinchpokli Stn.)
what is status of central railway local (sent from Matunga Road)
what about trains from ambarnath to cst
what is a status of Central line trains??? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
where is that train
where is 5.31 Asangaon from Kalyan  (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
dadar thane train on time???? 
train tym pe hau kya??? (sent from Naigaon)
any update Dombivali to Kalwa? (sent from Dombivli)
Thane to Ghatkopar trains chalu hai kya??? 
is there any bus after 6 15 from kasara
kalyan to cst trains chalu hai kya?
nahur to thane ?? (sent from Nahur Stn.)
nahur to cst?? (sent from Nahur Stn.)
Thane to dombvili train chalu hai kya?
is there any train delay from asangaon
what is the status of train from Karjat (sent from Karjat Stn.)
are trains late in central line? (sent from Dombivli)
Titwala to ghatkopr chalu hai ky Train..? (sent from Ambivli Stn.)
water logging ??? anywhere (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)
mulund to parel train is running or not? 
cR running? (sent from Sion)
are trains from thane to cst on time? (sent from Thane)
mumbra to cst train chalu h kya? (sent from Masjid Stn.)
train is running or not.. please inform anyone who know this.
goregaon to csmt chalu hai? (sent from Goregaon)
thane k liye train chalu hai? (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
are trains late?
what's status central line
what about Kurla to mumbra (sent from Kurla Stn.)
Are trains moving smoothly from cst to Thane?????  (sent from Mulund)
DADAR se KARJAT train srtatus pls? (sent from Mahim Jn Stn.)
Are trains working fine?
who let train by the Kurla to Dombvali  (sent from Kings Circle Stn.)
cst to thane trains status???  (sent from Mulund)
Is there rain in Parel?
is trains are running on time ?
kasara train are running???  (sent from Vashi Stn.)
Ghtkopar to cst up or down trains h ya cancl h? (sent from Ghatkopar)
Ghtkopar to cst up or down trains h ya cancl h? (sent from Ghatkopar)
Kurla to kasara..???  (sent from Vashi Stn.)
dadar to gharkopar trains chalu he? (sent from Khar Road Stn.)
trains from thane to kalyan?? (sent from Thane)
what's the status from dadar to kalyan (sent from Borivali Stn.)
kurla to Dombivli Train Chalu Hain? (sent from Cotton Green Stn.)
 what is status central railway (sent from Chunabhatti)
how are trains from Kalyan to Mumbai ,as u have to board train from bandra (sent from Vithalwadi)
dadar to Kalyan trains are running? (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)
towards badlapur status pls???
train chal rahe hai kya thane to Dadar?
are trains running on diva-vasai route? (sent from Kalyan)
train chal rahe hai kya thane to Dadar?
Virar train ja Raha hai kya ? Goregaon se (sent from Goregaon Stn.)
is train is runing on time from mumbra to cst?  (sent from Mumbra Stn.)
is kasara train is on time??
Are the trains towards Tahme worming properly? ( sent from dombivali) (sent from Dombivli)
train are running from dadar to kalyan??? (sent from Virar)
is train runing from cst to Kalyan on time??? (sent from Byculla Stn.)
??? (sent from Virar)
cct to badlapur , karjat tren chalu hai kya .  (sent from Goregaon Stn.)
kalyan to Thane train chalu she ka???... 
kalyan k liye train chalu h?  (sent from Bhayander Stn.)
is train running properly towards Kalyan?? (sent from Ghatkopar)
Kurla station par pani to nahi bhara hai? please koi batayie , Mujhe LTT station jana hai. (sent from Malad)
where are u now ?? (sent from Ghatkopar)
dadar to kalyan chalu h ??? (sent from Mahim Jn)
what about thane to badalapur (sent from Ambernath)
Thane to dadar train status???? (sent from Thane)
any possiblities that i can get trsin for titvala (sent from Ghatkopar)
kasara to cstm train chalu hai kya? (sent from Dockyard Road Stn.)
is train from Dombivli on time towards cst? please tell... (sent from Kopar)
is there any delay on trains to asangaon from cst?  (sent from Lower Parel)
situation at soon??
Sion??
dombivali to cst train statua pls ? (sent from Dombivli)
train chalu aahe ka? 
Bhandup se amb train ka Kya status hai? (sent from Bhandup Stn.)
what update for trains from karjat ? (sent from Karjat)
what are update from matunga  (sent from Kings Circle)
What is status from Dadar to Thane St  (sent from Bhayander)
trains are running to down side? (sent from Ghatkopar)
what's the tyming of diva Vasai local??
Sion la train jaat aahet ka?  (sent from Kurla Stn.)
is there any current update for cstm train from kalyan?
trains towards cstm?
dombivli to cst trains are on time ? (sent from Thakurli)
are trains working from dombivli to cst? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
 train to thane...is it on time? (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
trains are running properly or not
are on time?? (sent from Matunga Road Stn.)
central trains are on time? plz somebody update 
what about from dadar to Kalyan side (sent from Mira Road Stn.)
yes or no? (sent from Mira Road)
what is status dader to thane train (sent from Matunga Stn.)
koi hai Dadar station pe? (sent from Dahisar)
are trains from CSMT to Thane on time?? (sent from Lower Parel)
are the trains on gujarat route runing smoothly???? (sent from Thakurli Stn.)
Are trains running smoothly between Matunga and Vidyavihar?  (sent from Matunga Stn.)
byculla to dombivli status? (sent from Mahalakshmi)
what is the status for CST to Thane (sent from Masjid Stn.)
dombivali to CST train status...?? (sent from Dombivli)
ambernath to thane trains r on time? (sent from Ambernath)
train to kalyan are they running?  (sent from Malad)
 karjat to cst train status? (sent from Karjat Stn.)
Dadar to asangaon trains running position ? late or right time (sent from Lower Parel)
what's the status of sahyadri exp (sent from Ambernath Stn.)
what's the status of sahyadri exp (sent from Ambernath Stn.)
Hello trains chalu ha cst side aane ki??? (sent from Byculla)
is train working from kasara to cst ???????? (sent from Shahad)
sir Cst ke side train chlbrhi hai ? (sent from Shahad)
ambernath to cst...are the trains on time? (sent from Ambernath)
Is Thane To CST Trains Are Running...?
how is the train situation
dombivali se cst ke train ka koi orbm hai kya?? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
Ambarnath to Thane running?
transharbour barabar chalrha he kya? (sent from Tilak Nagar Stn.)
what is the status of towards CST train from mulund (sent from Mulund Stn.)
pls update ... thane to cst is on time or not?
is central line railway is working or not... and what is the status of GHATKOPAR bridgr
please confirm me between Kalyan to karjat train running status? (sent from Belapur Cbd)
Are trains from Thane to badlapur side running? (sent from Airoli)
any water logging at any station}? (sent from Mulund)
is there any problem in sion station due to waterlogging?
is train running fine from Thane to kopar?? (sent from Thane)
...?? (sent from Thane)
Sion to mulund train running???  (sent from Sion Stn.)
how are trains working from dadar to kalyan ? plz reply  (sent from Malad)
Train status guys plz on central line? Anybody let me know
are the trains on time towards Thane? (sent from Mulund)
karjat CST nikali?? (sent from Neral Stn.)
??
badalapur cst line chalu ahe ka? (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)
train is properly running ?
masjid to ghatkopar what is train condishion? (sent from Charni Road)
are trains from dadar to Thane running properly ? (sent from Mumbai Central Stn.)
what's the status of trains from Thane towards kalyan (sent from Koparkhairne)
what's the status between Dadar to Thane ? (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)
fast train time pe hai? from cst to bdl (sent from Elphinstone Road Stn.)
7:28 kasara when will it arrive at kalyan satio (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
kalyan kasara trains late hai kya? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
what's the status of the train ?? (sent from Mahalakshmi)
CST to Kalyan how to stuts
kalyan to cst how to stuts (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
ambernath to cst running?? (sent from Ambernath)
Is there a lot of rush at morning 6 while travelling to CSMT? 
karjat thane any water logging issue??
is CST se Dombivali trains running?
guys what about train from Dadar to kalyan  (sent from Kings Circle Stn.)
are CST to thane trains running? (sent from Mumbai Central)
sion me pani bhara hai kya? (sent from Dadar Stn.)
sion me pani bhara hai kya? (sent from Dadar Stn.)
CST ambarnath train running ? (sent from Gtb Nagar)
cst - thane ? (sent from Dadar Stn.)
does trains running from kurla to kalyan? let me knw asap (sent from Sion)
cst-thane? (sent from Dadar Stn.)
how r cst to thane train status.. are they running on time.. (sent from Mira Road)
dadar- kalyan route is functional? (sent from Dadar Stn.)
what
Now, is railway working well ?
are train towards karjat working..? (sent from Kalyan)
r train running on time???
please,,,. all of them are asking questions about local train late or not,??   but any one gives the answer??  Are train are running??  
where is 7 39 karjat train (sent from Badlapur Stn.)
Central line train chalu hai kay?  (sent from Koparkhairne)
badlapur train chalu hai? (sent from Khandeshwar)
train time pe hai Kya?
trains time pe hai na? (sent from Santa Cruz Stn.)
badlapur ke liye trains hai kya? (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)
train time pe hai Kya?
dombivli to thane trains? (sent from Dombivli)
where is asangoan train which will be arriving ghatkopar at 8.27pm (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
Kurla to Kalyan status ??? (sent from Kurla)
Train status from kalyan to karjat ? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
are trains running from kurla to csmt?
train status?? (sent from Virar)
rain stopped	? 
is central lines trains are running properly??? (sent from Shahad)
thane to badlapur trains are working??????
are trains running between dadar to Thane?? (sent from Grant Road Stn.)
what status of thane mulund trains (sent from Mulund Stn.)
rain stopped? 
train status from mulund to ambernath? (sent from Mulund Stn.)
now 8:14 karjat is scheduled (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
where has fast local from bhandup to cst of 7:48 reached?  (sent from Bhandup Stn.)
where is thane - cst 8:05 slow train (sent from Mulund Stn.)
what is stutas for CST local (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
where is khopoli to cst fast train reached (sent from Bhandup Stn.)
badlapur to Kalyan ? (sent from Badlapur)
where is karjat train?  (sent from Badlapur Stn.)
tommorow kurla to csmt in morning timing? (sent from Kurla)
badlapur to kalyan train is working or not? (sent from Badlapur)
are trains on time or is water clogged in tracks? (sent from Mulund)
kurla tu csmt train is working are not? (sent from Kurla)
late some what but it working (sent from Thane Stn.)
? (sent from Kurla)
are trains running from Thane to dombivali?? (sent from Ghansoli Stn.)
bhai log central line ki train slow chalu hai kya? (sent from Chinchpokli Stn.)
parel se sion ke liye train chalu hai kya??? (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)
central line?? (sent from Bandra)
hi, kalyan se karjat train ka status kya he?
Hi...  Trains are on time @ central line or not
central line train status kya hai on time hai kya...?? (sent from Mulund Stn.)
why cst train late (sent from Vithalwadi Stn.)
Thane to Kalyan status please ? (sent from Thakurli)
Thane to dadar status please?
is it safe to travel with local tomorrow?
byculla to ghatkopar status plz..?  (sent from Vidyavihar)
dadar to titwala train running?  (sent from Jogeshwari)
what's the status in Central Railway  (sent from Dativali)
late nahi he na trains..?  (sent from Vidyavihar)
khopoli tren kuthe aali? (sent from Thane)
central on time ahe na...? (sent from Mulund Stn.)
train toward csmt? (sent from Bhandup)
train working or not
central line karjat train on time for karjat?  (sent from Charni Road Stn.)
is it raining in mumbai?
what is the status between dadar to thane (sent from Jogeshwari Stn.)
whats local train status on central line towards Thane from Ghatkopar ? (sent from Vikhroli)
what's status of trains From Pune to Mumbai
Trains ka kya position hai, cst se.?.... Sahi time se hai kya? (sent from Mulund)
is there train running cst to ambernath ? (sent from Sewri Stn.)
kalyan dombivli thane jaane wali trains chalu hai na? (sent from Mulund)
kitne late hai? (sent from Mulund)
Are trains from kalyan to kurla running on time?
Kya? (sent from Diva Jn)
konsi trains?
is train working properly??  (sent from Dombivli)
trains working fine?  (sent from Dombivli)
train chalu hai kya from kurla ? (sent from Sewri Stn.)
where is 8.50 badlapur train from thane? (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)
are trains from Kalyan to cst on time? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
i m at vikhroli.. are the trains working??  (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)
friends what's the status wit been thane dadar please update
what's  the status from kurla to Ambernath please update (sent from Kurla)
is there any issue between dadar to dombiwali....pls let me know.... (sent from Lower Parel)
thane to neral trains are available?  (sent from Turbhe)
what is the status for vidharbh exp.tkts (sent from Panvel)
are trains on time?
do trains are working properly from Kalyan to CST?
Is there any chance of flooding at Kurla stn tomorrow?
thane to dadar train on time?
उद्या सुट्टी मिळेल का??? (sent from Badlapur Stn.)
Is there any chance of flooding tomorrow in Central line (sent from Bhiwandi Road Stn.)
what is the status of 10.15 last local from khopoli to csmt... is it running on time??  (sent from Dolavli)
Are KASARA local trains on time? 
what is the status of rajrani express tomorrow from manmade to mumbai
are local trains running on time? (sent from Byculla Stn.)
is there train working from dadar to sion (sent from Kings Circle Stn.)
what the status in kurla ? (sent from Vithalwadi)
are KASARA local on time? 
what about train status (sent from Mahim Jn Stn.)
 what about Thane to Kurla ? are the train's running
is there a water logging in Kurla???  please reply 
what about Thane to Badlapur?
kanjurmarg to diva status?  (sent from Goregaon)
thanks by what time they are delayed any idra (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
can any one please tell me how cheek bus service details for Kalyan to Nalasopara (sent from Churchgate)
why have they striked out some train timings? Are they cancelled for tomorrow? (sent from Kalva)
is there train on shahad station (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
can anyone plz state the current status of trains?? (sent from Sandhurst Road Stn.)
where are you now
thane ki 10.55 ki titwala abhi kidhar hai ?? (sent from Thane Stn.)
any update on 10.55 titwala from thane ?? (sent from Thane Stn.)
central line chalu hai kya kal? 
tomorrow 's CR Local situation??? (sent from Kalyan)
it's raining what  (sent from Badlapur)
it's raining at Mumbai???  (sent from Badlapur)
what situation of Central Railway now
trains on the time ? (sent from Shahad)
situation for central line?
how much time take to travel from thane to parel by slow train...? (sent from Mulund Stn.)
how much time take to travel from thane to parel by slow train...? (sent from Mulund Stn.)
is it raining now in mumbai?
how much time take to travel from thane to Patel by slow train. ?? (sent from Mulund Stn.)
how much time take to travel from mankhurd to vasai stn (sent from Mankhurd Stn.)
is it raining any were???? (sent from Thakurli Stn.)
nywer heavy rain ??? (sent from Thakurli Stn.)
is it raining at kalyan?? (sent from Vasai Road Stn.)
are trains ok ?
Are trains okay after badlapur? (sent from Matunga)
are train will be on time tomorrow?
central train status ? (sent from Juinagar Stn.)
is any update for last train from dombivli to cst
what abt vikhroli to dombivli (sent from Juinagar Stn.)
???
r u at diva stn right now?
any one??
सावंतवाडी -दिवा ..दिवा स्टेशन ला आली का..? (sent from Dombivli)
what about last thane train? (sent from Matunga Stn.)
kaha se mila news?  (sent from Badlapur)
where is sainagar shirdi fast passanger (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)
kurla mn paani bhara h kya?
is it raining heavily in Kanjurmarg also??   
in kalyan what is the status (sent from Bhandup Stn.)
kal train band hai kya???
Are trains running on 9th ? (sent from Thane)
where is live a train karjat train
karjat - csmt train update any? (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)
are trains running on time?
hi all trains are on time ? (sent from Badlapur)
are trains from badlapur to csmt running?  (sent from Thakurli)
what is the trains status today ? (sent from Badlapur)
kalyan to cst train status? (sent from Shahad)
what is the status of fast train is it running on time (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
Badlapur to csmt train what stetus
are trains running on timw from kalyan to csmt?
is Asangaon to cst train on time or late?
  is cst to karjat train running on time? 
Dadar to Thane.. are trains running smoothly????  (sent from Vasai Road)
is ambernath to cst running on time?  (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
5.53 karjat csmt is late ? 
good morning. local trein is right time today? (sent from Dombivli)
csmt fast local ?? (sent from Mulund)
central line  running on time , isn't ? (sent from Kalva Stn.)
6:45 CSTM FAST? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
are trains of central railway dalayed today?? (sent from Malad)
 where has 6.51 fast train reached? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
trains in their regular time or not?
trains towards mumbai are in time???? (sent from Badlapur)
rains?.... are there any water logging at any place in central line?
7.15 cst train is in time or not?? (sent from Badlapur)
 Are trains on time today from badlapur to cst? 
What about train status from kalyan 
trains are delay ????? (sent from Vithalwadi)
train status today?? (sent from Mira Road)
trains status today???? (sent from Badlapur Stn.)
what about khopoli 7:15 am (sent from Badlapur Stn.)
Karjat train on time? Ghatkopar commuters pl reply.  (sent from Mulund Stn.)
are local running on time?? (sent from Shahad)
what's the train status titwala to csmt (sent from Titwala)
ghatkopar to titwala train are on time or not ?
trains are on time or not from domb??
Badlapur to CST trains on time?? (sent from Badlapur)
what about titwala to cst trains 
is local late ?
8.11 from Badlapur right on time? (sent from Badlapur)
what is train status from kasara to cst
what is train status from kasara to cst
what about kasara to csmt
what about ladies special timing 
what is train status from kasara to cst
7.50 karjat from kalyan did crossed kalyan? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
what about train from titwala to thane (sent from Ambivli Stn.)
where is 7.24 cst fast (sent from Kurla Stn.)
what about badlapur
7.52 badlapur status? (sent from Badlapur Stn.)
what is train stunted kasara to cst 
train ???? (sent from Vithalwadi Stn.)
what is the status of CSMT-Khopoli train? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
Vasind to kalyan trian chul ahet ka?  (sent from Vasind Stn.)
what was the status from mumbra to cst (sent from Mumbra Stn.)
what is the train status?
Shahad se 08:06 fast kidhar hai abhi? (sent from Shahad Stn.)
 what is train status (sent from Kopar Stn.)
local train on time ya not ?
8:13 fast became slow .WHY? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
what about train timing (sent from Dombivli)
badlapur thane local status? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
8.47 thane csmt local cancelled???  (sent from Thane Stn.)
8:44 Ambernath To CSTM Status ? (sent from Ambernath)
8:16 csmt to asangaon status ? (sent from Kalva Stn.)
where is titwala to dadar train? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
what is status about kasara to csmt train
where is khopoli train ? from vithalwadi station (sent from Vithalwadi Stn.)
what is stutes kasara to cst 
can you please tell me which train is there on indicator on Ambernath pf 1? (sent from Ambernath)
kasara to csmt status?
what is the status of khopoli (sent from Vithalwadi Stn.)
why slow train is running on slow track  (sent from Gtb Nagar)
where is 9:7 local (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
Is 9:07 cancel?????? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
Guys, what is the status of trains from Dombivli to Cst? (sent from Dombivli)
where is Karjat train..? (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)
9:10 asangao?  (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
Karjat train status ? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
9.18 karjat from kalyan .. where is it right now? (sent from Kalyan)
9.18 karjat ..where is it right now?? (sent from Kalyan)
train are late ??
Karjat train status...? (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)
what is app for online local central railway ticket booking
what is the local train online app
What is current status train from Kalyan CST (sent from Kalyan)
any update for Asangaon and Kasara train ?? (sent from Thakurli)
where is karjat 9:18 from kalyan (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
any idea why are trains are late today  (sent from Masjid Stn.)
8.11 Badlapur ( Fast ???)train reached Kurla at 9.35 Am.  This is called faltugiri of Central Line. (sent from Kurla Stn.)
slow local is best then fast local.. from morning 7:00 am they send 6 mail Express forward.. and that why local of fast are late  (sent from Thane Stn.)
where is 9:35 kasara (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
where is 9:40 kasara train ??? any one pls update  (sent from Shahad Stn.)
is kasara train left frm kalyan?  (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
Are train from kalyan running on time ? (sent from Shahad)
asangaon to cst trains running on time? 
how much late Kasara train is...??? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
9.35 kasara local where is? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
9:35 kalyan to kasara current status? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
is kasara train cancelled...??? because now Karjat is on platform number 4  (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
trains running on time.?
where can I find easy way from LTT to CSMT
where is titwala thane train (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
trains late hai kya?? 
what is the status from shahad to cst please reply fast  (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
Has 10.26 CSMT fast reached kalyan? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
Has 10.26 CSMT fast reached kalyan? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
titwala thane train nikli titwala se ? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
where is 10.10 kasara train now ? 
what the f is wrong with u dude? This is not some dating app chat.  (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
we are here to discuss updates about trains.and that's the reason why people open this app (sent from Kurla Stn.)
r trains on time??? 
Any reasons for trains being late today ? 
any update from badlapur to ghatkoper?
why fast trains are delayed by 15 mins  (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
where is amernath bhandup stopping train (sent from Bhandup Stn.)
where is 10:38 karjat from kalyan (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
karjat from kalyan?? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
Diva vasai passenger kha PE h any update?? (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)
fast Train status from kalyan?? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
which one from Titwala (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
any problem in central line?
any problem in central line?
what the status of fast train in central line for cst (sent from Thane Stn.)
kalyan to cst ? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
Trains on time from Kasara?
trains at badlapur station on time? (sent from Badlapur Stn.)
12pm slow cst from balapur late he ky??
बोरिवली लाईन लेट आहे का ...?? (sent from Karjat Stn.)
1135 from Ambernath abhi kidhar hai? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
any fast trains from kalyan to cst? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
is kasara train late ? (sent from Kalyan stn) 
what is the fast train status from to Badlapur (sent from Vithalwadi)
what is the status of trains to Csmt (sent from Tilak Nagar)
train from kasara to cst are running on time?
kasara to dadar local running rt?
due to train delays, i have boarded into Jan shatabdi express from Kalyan.can any one tell it stops at thane ? (sent from Kalyan)
where is 1253 cst fast from Kalyan (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
where is kalyan fast local now? (sent from Dadar Stn.)
are CST slow from thane on time? (sent from Koparkhairne)
haven't reached byculla yet?? (sent from Dadar Stn.)
1.14 fast train from thane??? is it on time?? (sent from Koparkhairne Stn.)
where has the thane train reached  (sent from Ambernath Stn.)
sion me paani bhara qa? (sent from Chunabhatti)
1:37 fast at vithalwadi ?? (sent from Vithalwadi Stn.)
trains perfectly chalu h kya?
where is kalyan slow 2.02 from kanjur  (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)
where is khopoli train (sent from Karjat Stn.)
where iz the dadar train
i found an iPhone 8 in thane train, can you please tell me whose phone it is
where is karjat - CSMT train now??  (sent from Badlapur Stn.)
any idea abt 3:02 badlapur  ?
 Badlapur fast status ?? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
where is all titwala locals (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
3.35 titwala fast ? (kalyan station) (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
kasara train on time? anyone please
where is kalyan local
Badlapur fast status ?? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
trains for cst slow are late? (sent from Mumbra Stn.)
status of slow trains from kalyan to cst? (sent from Kalyan)
status of fast trn frm kalyan to cst...anybody?
status of fast trns frm kalyan to cst???
Are trains running on time?? 
6:02 vidyavihar Kalyan slow is special train for railway employees?
is there any problem on slow track towarrd dadar ?
what is the cost for all over mumbai 1st class pass (sent from Cst)
what is the pass cost for all over mumbai for 1st class (sent from Cst)
where are asangaon train (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
where are asangaon train (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
where are asangaon train (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
from where we can get information about ladies train timings?  (sent from Kanjur Marg)
plz confirm central  line train on time?  (sent from Grant Road)
cst kurla train ? (sent from Sandhurst Road Stn.)
where is dombivali train (sent from Elphinstone Road Stn.)
cst kurla train? (sent from Sandhurst Road Stn.)
what information  can i get here😶😶 (sent from Airoli)
6:51 thane badlapur arrived or not at thane??? (sent from Mulund Stn.)
anyone?????? (sent from Mulund Stn.)
Where ia kasara
Where is kasara fast now (sent from Ghatkopar)
7:05 kalyan train is on time? (sent from Airoli Stn.)
6.51 badalapur train gone ? (sent from Koparkhairne)
where is 06:54 fast local to csmt from mulund (sent from Mulund Stn.)
less rush in slow local from Dadar to Ghatkopar! any specific reason ? i am surprised (sent from Chunabhatti)
7:40 Dadar to amarnath stetus?  (sent from Kalyan)
0743 Thane badlapur left?  (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
TrAin is on time from cst to Karjat?? (sent from Govandi Stn.)
thane Badlapur 7:43? status (sent from Mumbra Stn.)
Where is 15 car trn now ...?? has it crossed thane ?? (sent from Thane Stn.)
kasara 7:58 from thane where now (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
when central line become regular.. Govt need to see instead of making bullet train Normal train need to on time 😣😣
hyderabad exp time par hai kya? (sent from Sewri Stn.)
8:50 thane left for cst? (sent from Nahur Stn.)
8:41 thane left for cst? (sent from Nahur Stn.)
why are trains late
are trains on time from badlapur?? 
how many time slove this problem  (sent from Shahad)
what happened to Punjab mail (sent from Shahad Stn.)
what happened to Punjab mail (sent from Shahad Stn.)
where is 9:51 Asangaon local from thane (sent from Ghansoli Stn.)
why train stop in between shahad and ambivali (sent from Shahad)
what is the status of down local trains on titwala line (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)
anyone in latur express ?
please tell exact location where train reached v?
train which was stopped between shahad to ambivli has started now (sent from Shahad)
what is status at kurla (sent from Govandi Stn.)
koi updates hai gaurav.. kab start hogi vagere.??  (sent from Airoli Stn.)
Kalyan see titwala abhi block hai? (sent from Airoli Stn.)
why trains are not going to titwala from kalyan? (sent from Titwala)
what's the issue? (sent from Titwala)
guys 9:51 Asangaon local from thane kaha pe h?
have anybody no what is the status of kasara route  (sent from Shahad Stn.)
have anybody no what is the status of kasara route  (sent from Shahad Stn.)
I have a frnd at Kalyan who said there's a train coming for kasara (sent from Airoli Stn.)
???? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
what is train updates Kalyan to titwala (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
what's the condition of trains right now?? 
what's the current status of the train from kyn to TL (sent from Kalyan)
what happened near titwala? y are trains not going to asangaon (sent from Ambivli Stn.)
are trains going to vasind from titwala now? (sent from Titwala)
Any status about Titwala trains? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
if trains r late, is there any fast train from dadar? (sent from Elphinstone Road)
hi, is there a ticket which i can use for whole mumbai (sent from Karjat)
brilliant, any idea how much would be  cost for 1st class ticket ? (sent from Karjat)
brilliant, any idea how much would be  cost for 1st class ticket ? (sent from Karjat)
what happened ??
what happened with cst side train...there is no train from 15 mi  (sent from Chinchpokli Stn.)
has train between Kalyan and Titwala started?  (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
Where is the 12. 47 टिटवाळा लोकल is timing on कल्याण  (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
What's the current position?
are trains running normally from cst to kasara? 
where is fast first fast train (sent from Kalyan)
where is the first train towards Karjat  (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
where is fast train towards cst (sent from Vithalwadi Stn.)
where is 5.43 kasara csmt (sent from Vasind Stn.)
yaa where is 5:43 train (sent from Vasind Stn.)
are train running normally from cstm to kasara ??? (sent from Chunabhatti Stn.)
what issue?? (sent from Vasind Stn.)
what is the issue (sent from Vasind Stn.)
Kasara Varun yenari train late ahet ka? (sent from Shahad)
where is 6:51 diva train now? (sent from Kopar Stn.)
Thane To Koparkhairne Trains Chalu Hai Kya ? (sent from Thane)
0729 am Karjat local at Thane which platform no? (sent from Kalva)
Thane Karjat 0729 ? which platform no? (sent from Kalva)
thane to karjat 7:29 what's the status? (sent from Bhandup Stn.)
any idea about the train from thane to karjat at 729? I have a train from kalyan and I dont wanna miss it (sent from Nahur)
what about downside??? is it running on time
 8:24 Thana start arrives at which platform?  (sent from Thane Stn.)
Will Thane Locals be running today?
Mera dost bol raha hai, Central ki fast train 20 mins late hai. Is it true? Late aayega banda college mein. (sent from Matunga Road Stn.)
8?25 thane CST fast has left from thane station? (sent from Mulund Stn.)
Just a query to understand :
Is it free for all to board first class coach on Saturday? 
 (sent from Dadar Stn.)
1st class means what... No AC / No Chair car. 

1 St class and 2nd class... I feel same.. in peak hours no deference....  (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
where is khopoli local (sent from Ambernath Stn.)
can anyone tell me when the Kalyan bridge on platform no:-2 will repair and open
is csmt - kasara fast local of 8.33 am on time ?? (sent from Mulund)
slow trains from dombivali to cst are running late??  (sent from Mumbra Stn.)
which next slow train from Thane towards Titwala (sent from Kalva Stn.)
where ia the kasara local 9.16 from. thane (sent from Thane Stn.)
what is the schedule for tomorrow Sunday Megablock on central line (sent from Vikhroli)
what's the status of Kasara train 9.27 am at Dombivli? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
9.33 cst fast lft frm thane?  (sent from Mulund)
9:47 kalyan dadar status?? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
where is kasara train now? (sent from Shahad)
where is kasara train now (sent from Shahad)
where is kasara train ( its at 9:40) from shahad (sent from Shahad)
Where is 9:47,  Kalyan Dadar 15 dabba train ? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
where titwala train for 9:54 (sent from Titwala Stn.)
has it left kalyan? (sent from Shahad)
where is kasara train now (sent from Shahad)
Where is 9:47,  Kalyan Dadar 15 dabba train ? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
 dadar st pe gardi rehti hai kya thane jane wali gadio k liye?? (sent from Borivali)
9:55 kalyan -dadar status??  (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
where is kasara train, it left shahad? (sent from Shahad)
where is kasara train, it left shahad? (sent from Shahad)
where is kasara train, it left shahad? (sent from Shahad)
8:54 Badlapur fast local from CST , what's the location of the train (sent from Vithalwadi Stn.)
is kasara train on time from thane? (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)
train is on time? (sent from Dativali)
? (sent from Kopar Stn.)
what (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
kasara ke liye   train on time hai kya? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
Kal cst se karjat mega block Hai kya?  (sent from Masjid Stn.)
what about Karjat train (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
what is tomorrow's megablock effect on Sharad to Titwala line (sent from Shahad)
what the hell always train late in central line  (sent from Kurla Stn.)
 kalyan cst 15 car status? (sent from Thane Stn.)
now from kalyan which train will be der 
where is 12:12 fast cst ? (sent from Thane Stn.)
har baar Sunday ko hi mega block kyun rahe ta h plzzz give me ans???😠😠😡😡 (sent from Kanjur Marg)
karjat - csmt train r late? (sent from Karjat Stn.)
Is there a train from VT to Thane?
when and from where is tomorrow's mega block on central line  (sent from Vashi Stn.)
Train time var thevalya tar kon faltu messages Karel,12:41 asangaon train 13:00 vajala tari platform var yet nahi?????????????????????????
where is fast train towards cst (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
where is train now (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
any fast train at kalyan station?? 
where is khopoli local now (sent from Thane Stn.)
where is 12.54 Thane slow train
where is khopoli train now (sent from Kalyan)
the trains aren't available?  (sent from Mulund Stn.)
Kasara train stutas?  (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
1.50 cst fast from thane..is it on time? (sent from Thane)
Cst   to  kasara train 1.37at klayan tran stutas?  (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
what is the status of 1.01 thane slow from karjat??? (sent from Ambernath Stn.)
Are the trains late??
When will be the last train to Mumbra on 29th July 2018 Morning?  (sent from Sandhurst Road Stn.)
Mumbai Central se tata memorial pahunchne k liye koi   best suggestion h kya? Plz
 For patient
when  this bottle neck at Kalyan will get solved...every day Karjar bound train he delayed due to this (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
catch a cab that will be easier to reach Tata hospital, or you want to travel by train then get at prabadevi stn. it's 10 min from stn  (sent from Mumbra Stn.)
no problem only problem there letting express train to move which is causing delay  (sent from Mumbra Stn.)
१:५३खोपोली ट्रेन आता कुठे आहे? (sent from Shelu Stn.)
Is the Kasara local on time
where are kasara train (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
where is karjat to CSMT? 
badlapur wala train nikla kya? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
kalyan to cstm fast at what time? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
nasata train not come at kalyan? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
what about kasara local from thane (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
where is 2 31at kalyancst fast train  (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
where is the fast train which reaches at253 at Mulund CST fast train (sent from Mulund Stn.)
not yet arrived at Thane. any idea anyone where is it ?? (sent from Thane Stn.)
let me know when it reaches Thane stn, if you are catching the same train  (sent from Mulund Stn.)
??? (sent from Thane Stn.)
2.53 fast for cst from Mulund. has it reached Thane?  (sent from Mulund Stn.)
you heard the announcement?  (sent from Mulund Stn.)
? (sent from Mulund Stn.)
Kasara train status? 
why train hault before Kalyan station (sent from Vithalwadi)
???? (sent from Vithalwadi Stn.)
where is 2:55 fast train (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
2.55 fast to cst not yet reached Dombivli?  (sent from Nahur Stn.)
cst to kalyan train in time? (sent from Airoli)
what is the train status from dombivli to ghatkopar (sent from Dombivli)
Kasara train?  (sent from Titwala Stn.)
Are trains on time.....? 
Train late kasara?  (sent from Titwala Stn.)
what is the status of karjat train leaving from CST at 3.53 (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)
kasra train is late or what  (sent from Vasind)
where is the Kasara Train?  (sent from Asangaon Stn.)
Are trains from Kalyan to cst on time?  (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
where you wanna go Priyanka  (sent from Vasind)
 anyone know reason about train late..?  (sent from Kalva)
why trains are late on centrap line (sent from Kalyan)
where is 3.12 csmt fast (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
 from titwala 3.40 train of CST is where right now (sent from Titwala Stn.)
Where is 3.57 dadr trn from kurla (sent from Dadar Stn.)
karjat fast today how much Rush  (sent from Sion Stn.)
why train delay from kalyan toward CST is any issue (sent from Vithalwadi Stn.)
Kalyan to Ambernath train delay?? (sent from Shahad)
Ambernath to Dadar 15.06 local is running very slow why it is late  (sent from Thane)
where is Dadar-Badlapur fast local? (sent from Sion)
is there rush in train or not in mulund towards kalyan (sent from Nahur)
has any fast train towards CSMT left from Ghatkopar??  (sent from Vidyavihar Stn.)
?????? (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)
khopoli train any update? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
he is in pain, rotten smell is every where, all passengers are like suffocating due to bad odour (sent from Vidyavihar Stn.)
there's any issues towards CST train ???
from thane 4.20 kasara where is right now (sent from Thakurli)
is there mega block tomorrow?
khopoli train kidhar hai? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
is any megablok tomorrow for up local....?  (sent from Vidyavihar Stn.)
Dadar Badlapur is on Time ?? (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)
4.24 pm Kasara local from on time or not 
which station from 
is there mega block tomorrow (sent from Khar Road)
where is 5:27 pm fast CST local (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
do fast train halt at Vikhroli? (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)
where is kalyan local from dadar??? any updates (sent from Dadar Stn.)
why train towards cstm are blocked at kalyan? (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)
train stop at diva stations.any problem? (sent from Nahur)
ambernath slow train  stuck at diva. Not moving. anyone know what is the problem. (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)
all trains stopped at diva... fast slow and express... anyone know why?? (sent from Diva Jn)
hi where is Bhandup fast
what happened between mumbra and diva ?? (sent from Mumbra Stn.)
any accident or something else ? (sent from Mumbra Stn.)
where is Dadar-Badlapur local scheduled at Ambernath at 05:11 (sent from Ambernath Stn.)
all trains fast slow n express which have been halted near diva mumbra stations have been started now (sent from Kalva)
what happened b\w mumbra and diva any idea ??? (sent from Mumbra Stn.)
seats earmarked for senior citizens announcement, whether can be available?
where is cst slow local (sent from Kalva Stn.)
what about megablock (sent from Cst)
what about megablock (sent from Cst)
what about megablock (sent from Cst)
is there any issue in central line? (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)
 where is dadar kalyan 6:43 local  (sent from Dadar Stn.)
how much minutes will be the trains late?
how much in duronto exp (sent from Borivali Stn.)
where is 15 car csmt to kalyan (sent from Reay Road Stn.)
where is kasara   .expected 7 :19 on dombivali .what about its axect location (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
what is the tomorrow central railway condition pls fast report (sent from Lower Parel)
where is the 7.13pm dadar to kalyan sf train?? (sent from Dadar Stn.)
where is 7.21 cst fast local (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
is there a mega block tomorrow on central line ?  (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)
guyz anyone who is looking job into bpo for voice and non.voice process
do contact on 7506681734 (sent from Vithalwadi)
is neral to metheran route is running? 
is there any problem? (sent from Vithalwadi)
train taking too much time to reach dombivali...? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
is there mega block tomorrow pls reply
is there delay on Central line? slow local is apparently 17 mins late at the moment (sent from Mulund Stn.)
is there any problem near Kalyan on UP line 
where is 8.50 titwala train from kalyan (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
where is Thane local (sent from Reay Road Stn.)
there is any train problem? (sent from Kalyan)
badla our local where in  (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
where reached train (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
where is thane ja
where is thane karjat train reach. (sent from Badlapur Stn.)
what are the timings for the megablock tomorrow
is there any problem in kalyan? (sent from Vithalwadi)
now where is train.. (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
? (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
? (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
where is badlapur train now (sent from Ambernath Stn.)
Has kasara train left from CST? (sent from Masjid Stn.)
where is now train ?
cst fast 9.04 from Kalyan  running late ??? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
tommrow mega block which stn?  hai
kal kalyam jana hai..Kurla se konsi train pakdu???
is tomorrow megablock and what time and where (sent from Asangaon Stn.)
Plz provide the source thereof, anybody who knows it. (sent from Dombivli)
khopoli train status? (sent from Badlapur Stn.)
what should be the age of senior citizen to avail earmarked seats benefit. (sent from Dombivli)
megablock tomorrow? 29july any updates? 
guys plz tell me when is last train from kalyan to thane
central trains  are let or what .....plz revert
any update on 9.56 CST bound train from Ghatkopar? (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
just announced at thane stn that local trains running 15 to 20  minutes late (sent from Thane Stn.)
is there any megablock on tomorrow ??
is there megablock on tomorrow on centre line  (sent from Diva Jn)
what ie the problem at shahad railway station. we found there is one mail still at station since last 15 min. Is there any issue at central line (sent from Shahad Stn.)
hello ..can anyone tell me what is the status of 10.50 kasara train from cst.. ?? (sent from Juinagar Stn.)
can anyone tell me what is status Sai Nagar Shirdi express
is there any mega bock tomorrow on central line 
are you giving status of both up and down trains?? (sent from Koparkhairne Stn.)
Railway authorities please check
10:02 pm Dadar-Kalyan ...Left from Dadar departed late from dadar and now at Bhandup anouncing it as Kalyam local , then at Nahur announcing as Thane ...In train also showing Last destination as Thane...
what the hell is this.... (sent from Mulund Stn.)
hi...   fast train from  cst  to badalapur where it is reached??? (sent from Mulund Stn.)
hi...central railway late or....wht??? (sent from Govandi Stn.)
can anyone tell me please where 11:18 train for kasara from ghatkopar????  (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
where is 11.13 fast CST train from thane..?
where is last local to CSMT..? 
where is last local to cstm (sent from Mumbra)
where is last cst local (sent from Thakurli)
where is kasara local right now (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
anyone??  (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
ankush was that for kasara??  (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
??  (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
train available from karjat to cstm...?
where is the train now? (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)
thane to cstm train there? (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)
megablock from which stn. to were (sent from Masjid Stn.)
how to reach Khopoli around 10:00 - 10:30 am from Ghatkopar station??
why railway authority not telling?
reply (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)
muje kal andheri se nerul jana hai to morning mei mega block kab start hone vala hai? 
karjat to kalyan local chalu hai kya??
9.37 ki train pakad sakta huna ??andheri to panvel? 
what about status tomorrow mumbra to kanjurmarg (sent from Mumbra)
any 1 at thane station? (sent from Mira Road)
is there escalator at platform no 5 in thane? (sent from Mira Road)
5.33 karjat.... is on time???? 
kanjur marg?  (sent from Sion Stn.)
is trains are running late?
karjat to khopoli train status please.???
Hi is there any mega Block on central line? 
which platform coming a Deccan exp (sent from Dadar Stn.)
will cstn to karjat fast will stop at neral?
ja sakate hai... you are searching property in karjat? pls contact shree samarth Reality 9021901122 (sent from Thakurli Stn.)
will Kalyan slow stop at nahur the 8:28 am train ?
what about 6.51 CST..?  (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
aaj megablock kaha pe hai? (sent from Badlapur)
csmt to ambernath are working ??? (sent from Sandhurst Road)
why? (sent from Andheri)
does train for kasara running?
titwala station ?  (sent from Titwala)
????? (sent from Shahad)
is there is a mega block in central slow lines.??
what about Dadar to Amb central line condition  (sent from Dadar Stn.)
which site to use for removing monthly pass (sent from Dadar Stn.)
from nahur to cst? (sent from Nahur Stn.)
What about Thane to karjat train???  (sent from Ghansoli)
heavy rain doesn't affect the train????? (sent from Koparkhairne)
what about thane local? (sent from Dadar Stn.)
are trains for badlapur from cst are working fine? (sent from Dombivli)
is there mega blocks today on central line
plz scroll up and see Old chat... same questions... I don't know why people like to type.. plz see above messages (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
any megablock on central line? 
in Andheri cst trains comes on which station?  (sent from Andheri Stn.)
Badlapur train on time? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
11:42 Kalyan fast cst se chalega aaj? 
what todays megablock time and on which rout it is?  (sent from Dadar Stn.)
what r the mega block at central rly  (sent from Borivali Stn.)
is badlapur train on time?  from mulund (sent from Mulund Stn.)
panvel vasai train is running or not ??? (sent from Titwala Stn.)
kyn to thane mega block.? (sent from Vithalwadi)
from shelu... 11.39 am train running on time??????  please reply 
any mega blocks?
any mega block ?
mega block time? (sent from Ghatkopar)
is there Mega block today from what.time (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)
Within how many hours , onee has to start train ride after buying train ticket ? (sent from Borivali)
kasara janeme koi problem to nahi he na...???
At kalyan Karjat train 9:18 PF no 4 at what time train will be reach ..???
where is 9.18 karjat fast train from kalyan
is there a mega block in central
are Kasaraaaa trains working on time ?
how are trains from ambernath to cst working any trains cancelled (sent from Ambernath)
what is the time of kasara in dombavali is it on time (sent from Mumbra Stn.)
central line var ahe ka mega block?
badlapur la last train kiti wajta ahe? (sent from Badlapur)
what's the status of express trains at thane due to megablock at the downside fast line? (sent from Kalva Stn.)
Kalyan to thane slow train is it available today ?? (sent from Thakurli)
karjat  to thane train chlu ahit kaa???....
is there any problem between kanjur marg to vidyavihar (sent from Kanjur Marg)
what is the status of 9.42 titwala fast (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
any up fast trains at Kalyan?  (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
is there megablock between Ulhasnagar to Kandivali
kalyan to Thane train chalu hai?? 
trains working from shahad to cst????????  (sent from Shahad)
Are slow trains available towards Dadar? (sent from Vidyavihar Stn.)
is it safe for a girl to travel at 5:30am? and will the train be crowded at 5:30 in morning from kalyan?
diva to ghatkopar..? (sent from Nilje Stn.)
if u r travelling in second class it is very safe. not safe in first class. it also depends which direction u want to go. if it's CST no problem at all. (sent from Neral)
pune to lonavala megablock hai kya...? 
are trains between Thane and Kalyan running today? (sent from Navade Road)
sandhurst road pe kya hua?    Is it safe to travel?? (sent from Charni Road)
mumbra to csmt train chalu hai ??
what is time table for megablock (sent from Shahad Stn.)
local from titwala is on time??
10:48 ki local on time hai kya???
kasara train status? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
10:40 karjat Khopoli??  (sent from Lowjee Stn.)
any megablock in central line ? and are trains on time ?  (sent from Mira Road Stn.)
hello.. is thr megablock today...??  (sent from Badlapur)
where is karjat  (sent from Badlapur Stn.)
is there any mega Blocks in central line thane to cstm
where is karjat to cst fast 9.45 train  (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
thane to dadar chalu hai kya train?
where is kalyan to kurla train?  (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
Dadar to Diva ?? (sent from Jogeshwari)
aaj mega blocks hai Kya???  (sent from Matunga Road Stn.)
What About fast Trains, are they running on time (sent from Mumbra Stn.)
What about the Mega Blocks (sent from Mumbra Stn.)
kurla to dadar? (sent from Vashi Stn.)
All the trains are time ?
HB LINE MEGABLOCK ON WHICH SECTION (sent from Belapur Cbd)
is there slow train from kalva to kalyan? (sent from Kalva)
is any mega block till kalyan (sent from Vasind)
is there any megablock from Ghatkopar to Thane
Vikhroli to ambernath trains are running? (sent from Vikhroli)
what is d status of thane to karjat train?? (sent from Ambernath)
whts the status of trains .. r they running late ?
is there any Problem For fast trains towards Thane (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
is there any problem for kalyan to ulhasnagar 
what is the status Trian  (sent from Kalva)
is today megablock ? (sent from Thane Stn.)
is there any mega block from mumbra to kurla
is there any problem from thane to csmt
is there train from kurla to dadar?
is there is mega blocks beteen Kalyan to Thane (sent from Shahad)
please someone help...kurla to dadar is it possible? (sent from Belapur Cbd Stn.)
is there train from thane to kurla??? (sent from Ghansoli)
Is Kalyan to Thane trains on time? (sent from Nalla Sopara)
what about CST to dombivli.? (sent from Kandivali)
कुर्ला ते छत्रपती शिवाजी महाराज टर्मिनस रेल्वे सेवा चालु आहे का? (sent from Khandeshwar)
any update on cst kalyan local ?? already late by 20 mins (sent from Mumbra Stn.)
COA EXPRESS DIPARTURE FROM? (sent from Jogeshwari Stn.)
LET US KNOW CAO EXXPRESS PLATFORM NUMBER? (sent from Jogeshwari Stn.)
 kasara  11.19 from kalyan?? (sent from Shahad Stn.)
any status for diva-vasai train?
what about megablock (sent from Titwala Stn.)
MCSTM TO ASANGAWON KE BICH ME TITWALA AUR.KHADVLI.ISTESHAN  KE BICH ME RELWAY STESHAN Q NAHI BANATE HOW SIR JI BICH KE GAWON WALE KO BAHOWT PARESHANI HOWTI HAI APKE a RELWAY department se binti hai APLOG dhiyan kare sir ji RELWAY dear minister sir ji
kalyan to Thane train's are working??  (sent from Thakurli Stn.)
kurla dadar chalu hai train?? (sent from Govandi)
vashi to csmt chalu ahe ka? (sent from Turbhe)
11.54 karjat. what is the status (sent from Thane Stn.)
ulhsngr to thane chalu h kya?  (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)
from vithalwadi to cst train is running? (sent from Vithalwadi)
what's the status of train it's on time.....?? (sent from Vithalwadi Stn.)
how much delay (sent from Vithalwadi)
TrAin is start from kurla to Ambernath?? (sent from Govandi)
any update from kurla to ambernath?? (sent from Govandi)
train for titwala are on time or not 
kurla to thane working??? (sent from Kurla)
domivali to csmt train working or not
fast train chalu hai kya from Kalyan to thana?  (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
??? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
is vashi to Kurla active ?
mumbra to bhandup jana h bht crowd hai kya ?  (sent from Mumbra Stn.)
Where is the Karjat that reaches Kalyan at 12:15?  (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
is there mega blocks for central line (sent from Kalva)
when will karjat train will come (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
CST slow chal Rahi h? (sent from Kharghar)
dombivli CST fast train regular he na? (sent from Dombivli)
what is status of ambernath to cst train (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
12:40 khopoli train is there or not ???? (sent from Kurla Stn.)
all train are late ??
karjat CST trains running on time ? (sent from Karjat Stn.)
kasara se local time pe hai? 
train time per hai kya? (sent from Ghatkopar)
thane to panvel trains working?
diva se thane ka kohi train hai kya? (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)
 what about train status from kalyan to thane (sent from Shahad)
aaj Central line me Mega Block hai kya ??? (sent from Dombivli)
fastline pe block hai kurla to kalyan? (sent from Kurla Stn.)
where is the Kasara train now?  (sent from Titwala)
what is the current status of khopoli train ?  (sent from Thane)
what is the current status hyderabad train? 
when is karjat than slow local reached ( snd from ulhasnagar) (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)
Is there any fast train for csmt from thane (sent from Thane Stn.)
from sion station, will I get a bus to navi mumbai?  (sent from Sandhurst Road Stn.)
fast train chalu hai cstm? (sent from Thane Stn.)
where is the train for ghatkopar from thane (sent from Thane Stn.)
titvala to Cst Slow Where?  (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
dadar to Thane trains challu hai Kya ??  (sent from Andheri Stn.)
kurla to cstm chalu hai kta?  (sent from Panvel Stn.)
are trains halts on Vidyavihar station? (sent from Mulund Stn.)
centrL ki trein chal rahi kya time se?  (sent from Panvel Stn.)
is there mega block today
towards dadar ? status kalyan to csmt ?? (sent from Kurla Stn.)
karjat fast will halt at Kanjurmarg? (sent from Kurla Stn.)
where are slow train in dombivli (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
has khopli train left karjat station?  (sent from Khopoli Stn.)
any update of Khopoli trn 1.27 at vithalwadi.. is it late ? (sent from Vithalwadi Stn.)
fast train on Time? (sent from Vithalwadi)
what is the status of pasanger train living from Diva at 2:25  (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
ambernath to dombivli...are the trains running late?
Diva -Vasai Trains Are Running? (sent from Kandivali)
Diva Vsai Trains Are Running?
what is the status of the passanger train living from Diva to Vasai Road at 2:25
what is status of sihagad? (sent from Sandhurst Road Stn.)
from Kalyan Towards Mumbai trains are running on time or late? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
is there train from thane to cst (sent from Rabale)
where is 2.07 karjat From dombivli (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
what is the train position  on central line ? pl update.
Is there is mega block on central line today
any mega block today for central line ? (sent from Kanjur Marg)
where is 1.38 cst train (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
Thane se kanjurmarg ke liye ??
kurla to panvel train running or not?? Plz rply (sent from Matunga Road Stn.)
where is kasara train 02.04  (sent from Thane Stn.)
how much time train is block
how about today's megablock (sent from Mulund Stn.)
are trains running from Thane to CST on central line?
train running or not ? (sent from Kalva)
thane to kalyan running ? (sent from Kalva)
thane Titwala train  are running ? (sent from Kalva)
is that any train for ambernath? (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
are the trains running from chembur to panvel? (sent from Govandi)
trains rumming from dadar to thane ?
where CSMT train? from karjat
kurla-kalyan 2:30..?is that cancelled? (sent from Kurla Stn.)
badlapur fast any updates? (sent from Mulund Stn.)
where is karjat train (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
thane to ambernath trains are running on time??
is it late???? (sent from Khopoli Stn.)
is there mega block today?
what about kalyan to asangaon any updates please?
is train running from kalva to dadar ?
waiting for 2:46 Karjat train at Ulhasnagar station . no update or announcement for this train (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)
what is the status of 3.5 local from thkurli... (sent from Thakurli Stn.)
has the train resumed their normal service at central
Kalwa se hey Kya chalu? (sent from Kalva)
Ambernath to thane any update?
what status from kyn to csmt fast trains
is train service normal now?Have to travel to cst (sent from Nahur)
what about asangaon or kasara train from shahad is status (sent from Shahad)
kurla to CST train suru ahet ka? (sent from Sanpada Stn.)
 anyone is there in Badlapur..cstm first train ? (sent from Thane Stn.)
kalyan se konsa train nikla kya towards CSMT ? (sent from Dombivli)
which platform dadar to Ratnagiri train (sent from Dadar Stn.)
what's the status of train between kalyan n mulund (sent from Kalyan)
asangao local its running on time?🙏🏼 (sent from Kalyan)
Pubg anyone? (sent from Dadar Stn.)
is there mega blocks on Central line (sent from Dombivli)
can someone tell me the train status between karjat and ghatkopar?
central railway's megha block is over ? (sent from Vithalwadi)
?????? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
All locals run on time schedule ? (sent from Kalyan)
where is the train reached going towards kalyan????? slow train (sent from Sion Stn.)
where is train going towards thane (sent from Sion Stn.)
is there a mega block on Dadar to Vikhroli? (sent from Elphinstone Road)
5:32 ki kasara on time hai kya???  (sent from Juinagar Stn.)
 what about 4.20 from khopoli towards cst (sent from Badlapur)
5:31 ka Karjat ka kya status hai? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
5:32 ki kasara hai but is it on time?  (sent from Ghansoli Stn.)
anyone in Karjat train? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
what about train from badlapur towards cst ??  (sent from Badlapur)
are kasara times on tym??
any body has an idea if there are any direct buses plying between thane railway station to Bandra Kurla complex?  (sent from Thane Stn.)
KP train status?  (sent from Khopoli Stn.)
trains running from Vashi to Thane are on time??
any update on trains from kalyan to cst, are they running on time after the block?  (sent from Kalyan)
where is kalyan fast train? (sent from Thane Stn.)
what about fast local from kalyan...  (sent from Kalyan)
is the Shalimar train on time
From thane to Ambernath running on time or not 
pune to ltt local is running or not
towards cat? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
towards cst? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
asangaon train time pe hai ?
local train on time or not
what is status from Abernathy train from kalyan (sent from Ambivli)
now u reached Saki Naka right ??
? (sent from Thane Stn.)
what is status of kashi express down 15017 on 23 july 2018 (sent from Bhayander)
Hello friends 10.13 ka Karjat-CST train kidhar hai ? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
which train is vidhyavihar St 
can a railway pass from Churchgate to Dadar... be used for Chinchpokli to Dadar? 
where is last karjat (sent from Mumbra Stn.)
ticket fare from khopoli to kalyan...??
What's the problem to train delay late to train why (sent from Vangani)
local on time na?? (sent from Ambivli Stn.)
raining at kurla? (sent from Panvel Stn.)
any update on matsyagandha express. when is it arriving at Panvel?
khopoli CST which STN  (sent from Vithalwadi Stn.)
CSMT to titwala trains running normally?  (sent from Ghatkopar)
how to reach marol Naka from thane (sent from Bhandup)
6:51 dombvli to cst fast kaha hai? (sent from Thane Stn.)
what about 7:33 @  (sent from Badlapur Stn.)
Kasara to CST is running ontime ?
Mulund to CST train are working on time ? 
why fast CST trains are running late today? (sent from Kurla Stn.)
What is the status of 8:13 fast train@ Kalyan user (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
@Kalyan user. What is the status of Asangaon CSMT fast train 8:13 at kalyan (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
Is this information correct? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
any train in stuck near mumbra station?  (sent from Churchgate Stn.)
trains on time?  (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
any status of trains coming from kasara side? 
does 8.57 fast left from Kalyan? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
trains are on time today? (sent from Mulund Stn.)
आसनगाव ठाणे लोकल कुठे आहे?
are trains on time?  (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
9:41 karjat(thane)??? (sent from Thane Stn.)
what is the current status (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
how are the trains running today?
Wer has 15 coach fast train reached?   (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
9 .47 15 car reached at kalyan at 9.47 n this train was keep standing for mail express n that mail express came after 3 to 4 minutes n that mail express just paas at 9.57 n this CST (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
10minute late hai train to announcement karo na that train is late...she is saying train is coming... (sent from Shahad Stn.)
trains barabar chalu h kya Ambernath se Mulund tak? (sent from Ambernath Stn.)
Trains are ariving 15-20 mins late at Badlapur  and without letting all public get in train motorman starta the train within 30 seconds which is not al  (sent from Badlapur Stn.)
where is ambernath & badlapur (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)
why the central government is not looking at us... (sent from Titwala Stn.)
Which is not at all feasible wherein the frequency of trains is so less,we really need to rake up the issue to appropriate authorities (sent from Badlapur Stn.)
local train coming from badlapur is on time ???
Dear when 10.17 come at kalyan station (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
where has karjat fast reached?? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
where is 10:05 cst train?  (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
status of 10.38 local ??for karjat
They can use RPF.. Railway mangement can manage...and Who heat TC can become Crime as Section 326 IPC act and also Whiteout ticket charge... the media must make awareness of charges (sent from Vadala Road Stn.)
where is kasara local  (sent from Titwala Stn.)
where is 10:32 fast local (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
where can we get news about megablock  (sent from Goregaon Stn.)
where is 11:00 am fast train(titwala-cst)  towards cstm?  (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
10.54 left from kalyan?? (sent from Dombivli)
11.07 fast from titwala left for cst? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
Which Time Is Dombivali Super Fast  (sent from Vadala Road)
what is the platform no.  of jaipur superfast express in borivali?  (sent from Ghansoli)
why train are delay
 at Ghatkopar....CST fast thane pahochi kya? (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
anyone at thane? CST fast arrived? (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
Is better to go in slow local fast local Ghatkopar To CST 27 min slow local takes 37 min only 10 min effect... I don't no why people need fast train in peak and crowded hour (sent from Dadar Stn.)
any idea on which platform janshatabdi express going to Nashville comes (sent from Goregaon Stn.)
what about Thane to cst local status (sent from Vikhroli)
why (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)
what is status of 11:58 cstm from dombivli  (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
where is 11.58 csmt fast reached.?? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
why (sent from Kings Circle Stn.)
what is issue in Central line pls update  (sent from Mulund Stn.)
It's Traffic issues many train halted thers becuse kalyan it's junction... There is not fixed platform for local train... That why at Between Shahad - 0kalyan n Vittalwadi kalyan always train halts (sent from Byculla)
is there any train (sent from Koparkhairne)
That why people must learn to protect them self  (sent from Byculla)
12.17 cst @ Dombivali???? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
very true yesterday we were talking abt this in train why this people not understand this basic thing ;( (sent from Andheri)
status of 12.05 from vithawadi to cst ?  (sent from Vithalwadi)
why cst fast train let
where is 12:37 cstm train (sent from Vidyavihar Stn.)
12: 19 ambernath to CST what time it's will reach ghatkopar or dadar (sent from Kalyan)
what is the position of 1:01 bl from Amb  (sent from Ambernath)
where is 12.01 from karjat (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
is there Ghatkopar to karjat fast train
where is 1.18 fast local karjat at Mulund  (sent from Mulund Stn.)
yes but you forgot Dombivli  and Kalyan peoples ........you won't believe there are 100 trains total to kalyan including the 15 cars ......but still these people board thoas fast train which they shouldn't  (sent from Vasind Stn.)
is there any delay in Thane to Kurla trains??
how much time more it will take to reach ambernath? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
what is the status of kasara 2:38 local from kalyan (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
which train was it?  (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
what is the status of kasara cstm train from atgaon 3:11Pm
where is karjat train 3.33?? (sent from Thane Stn.)
kopar vasai chalu ahe?  (sent from Mulund Stn.)
passengers plz think it this and share in what up.. becuse many passengers don't use the M-Idicator chat... It's request to support other passengers those travel long distance as Badlapur,  Karjat, Kasara, Asangoan, Titwala.... Passengers there are many local for Kalyan and Thane. (sent from Mumbai Central Stn.)
where is 1.48 kopoli to cst (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
exactly where is 1:48 khopoli to cst train...? update soon (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
where is 1:48 khopoli train? (sent from Thane Stn.)
where is 3:38 fast local for cst (sent from Vithalwadi Stn.)
anyone know where is 3.23 Badlapur CST fast train reached (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
Khopoli train 3.56 from Mulund on time?  (sent from Mulund Stn.)
where is kasara local right now?
kasara local 4:20 from Thane.....running on-time?
where is karajat train (sent from Badlapur Stn.)
where is badlapur (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
why train are late from last two days (sent from Bandra)
has 5:00 Ambernath Fast left from CST? (sent from Andheri Stn.)
how to go to ambarnath  (sent from Gtb Nagar Stn.)
any idea where is ambarnath train (sent from Gtb Nagar Stn.)
from which platform from CST fast train are moving to ghatkoper
status of 5:33 cstm frm karjat..??
status for Badlapur train? (sent from Byculla Stn.)
what about karat side train  (sent from Bhandup Stn.)
where reached titwala train 6:46(sent from curryroad stn) (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)
6.04 cst to thane where is now  (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)
where is cst fast train ??  (sent from Mulund Stn.)
kasara train?? (sent from Airoli)
kasara train?? (sent from Airoli)
someone pls update where is cst fast train did it reached thane stn (sent from Mulund Stn.)
where is 8.27 titwala from thane?  (sent from Turbhe Stn.)
What is 3rd AC fare of train no 11054 from AMH to LTT
where is the khopoli fast train 8.46 from cst
where is the 9:17 asangon train (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
where is local train
why the CR trains running always late ?
cst which have (sent from Titwala Stn.)
where is Kalyan 15 car fast train?  (sent from Dadar Stn.)
10.39 cst fast trn from dombivali coming from kasara is late announced .can anyone tell where it is now ? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
trains are working? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
becuase thane train aya aur indicator pe ambarnath hai... how we can know.... if we jst arrived on pltfrm (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)
khopoli wala koi hai kya idhar... Zenith Waterfall chalu hai kya..? 😎 (sent from Sandhurst Road Stn.)
is 3:29 am trains runs on time? (sent from Kalyan)
thane dadar se nikal gayi kya ? (sent from Bandra Stn.)
where is the last train 
where ambernath CST train (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
cst fast on time? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
wat abt csmt train??? (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)
why today csmt train let 30 min plz reply (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)
is train towards csmt late?? (sent from Kurla Stn.)
where is 7:15 cst from Kalyan train right ow (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
Dadar Jane wale trains time pe hai na ?? (sent from Dombivli)
Any update on Dahanu Panvel train at Nallasopara ? (sent from Nalla Sopara Stn.)
7:43 train on platform 3 is on time usually or delayed??? (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
Are trains on time? 
where is 7:40 csmt fast from Karjat?? (sent from Ambernath Stn.)
thane varna 8.25 chi fast kuthlya platform la lagte..?
7.53 thane slow location? (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)
7:53 train cst from Badlapur? (sent from Ambernath Stn.)
aadat ho gai hogi boss ki dat khane ki (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)
are trains running fine today,?  (sent from Thane Stn.)
what's situation of Dombivli semi fast local? (sent from Mumbra Stn.)
where is khopoli local? (sent from Ambernath Stn.)
where is Karjat csmt arrived (sent from Thane Stn.)
at what time mangla will come (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
Can passengers travelling by 8.30am ASANGAON local tell me what is the status of train 
how to travel frm Mira road to Dombivali via Vasai road train routes??
Check d app Where is my Train. Gives current update. (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
Any one know khimil soni. Mostly a CA student from dombivli? He has forgotten his bag in train. Contact 9167082081 (sent from Vadala Road Stn.)
is central line of Dadar towards vikhroli always late? (sent from Chunabhatti Stn.)
9:25 cst fast from dombivli?? (sent from Dombivli)
u can catch diva vasai local.. which is at the gap of some 45 50 min.. it will take 50 min to reach kopar.. get down at kopar station and then in central catch trn for dombivali..  (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)
what about 9:25 cst fast local?? (sent from Dombivli)
what about at evening kanjurmarg to vangani
train chalu hai aaj?
9.33 cst fast lft frm thane?  (sent from Mulund)
what is ghatkopar train location (sent from Kurla Stn.)
10.26 fast from Kalyan to CST status plz ? (sent from Vithalwadi)
what is the status of 10:16 kasara fast
update on train toward CST? (sent from Dombivli)
is 11:04 fast local from cst running on time, m stuck in traffic at Kalyan? (sent from Kalyan)
where is 10.37 frm titwala  (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
how can i get mumbai train from tutwala
so that is the reason why I came to Kalyan from Ambivali (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
for airport , villeparle is preferred or Santa Cruz? (sent from Titwala Stn.)
11.30 fast local from dombivali left or not
11.30 fast local from dombivali left or not
12:41 CST fast from Ambernath   is on time or delay ??? (sent from Kalyan)
fast train from kalyan ? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
what is train status of thane train which is of 12.30 from bhivpuri ..... (sent from Bhivpuriroad Stn.)
On central railway in new train have they started new thing to play any random songs?? Has anyone noticed it 🤔 (sent from Kalyan)
Karjat - CST fast train kuthe aahe ? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
Can I have food and come ? waiting for Karjat CST fast train  (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
where is the 1.24 csmt train (sent from Vangani Stn.)
cstm ke train late ha kya.? (sent from Neral)
Karjat Varun train nighali ka?? for CSMT (sent from Neral Stn.)
karjat wala aahe ka koni sanga patkan ?? (sent from Neral Stn.)
train left from karjat?train to cst
Any update of fast train towards cst?  (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
why train towards CSTM running very late from Ambarnath  (sent from Ambernath Stn.)
where is karjat thane (sent from Thane Stn.)
where is thane ending train? which ends at platform 3 and scheduled for kasara (sent from Thane Stn.)
what is the charges of 1st class (vadala to Goregaon)  (sent from Goregaon Stn.)
 any update of 2.11 train from badapur?
2:24 train ulhasnagar to cst , where is it ?? (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)
has the train left for kasara (sent from Dativali)
why 2.31kalyan to cst fast local not Holt at mulund (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)
Is slow down train running late? (sent from Bhandup Stn.)
where is khopoli to cst train  (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
where is badlapur train of 3:33 from dombivli? (sent from Ambernath Stn.)
amabarnath 4.7 nikli kyaa ? (sent from Vithalwadi Stn.)
where is 4.42 Badlapur local from Thane (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
how much time it will take ?? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
is there any issues near Dombivli???? (sent from Nahur Stn.)
where is 6.04 ambernath train now? (sent from Ambernath Stn.)
are the local late ? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
where is 6:47 Karjat train  (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
where is ambernath train
bhandup to vashi monthly pass ? (sent from Bhandup)
dombivali what's happen? (sent from Malad Stn.)
Where is 15 car fast train to CST  (sent from Byculla Stn.)
 the trains for pune are running on time?? (sent from Dombivli)
where is 6.25 kasara train from csmt now ? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
where is 7:48 cst fast local (sent from Bhandup Stn.)
why Central fast Train running late?? CR value passenger time??
where is this train ????
where it is ???? 
left from Dadar? (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
ट्रेन कुठे आहे ? (sent from Byculla Stn.)
CST Thane 8:18 slow. status? (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)
why no updates from CST station? (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)
why train geting let & station master not anouns reson for train let  (sent from Shelu Stn.)
where is 8.27 titwala from thane?  (sent from Airoli Stn.)
why is that (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)
what the status for karjat to cst fast (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
hello all is there any new trains from tomorrow ? heard few people say this (sent from Dombivli)
please share status of 9.17 Pm Asangao train  from Kalyan ?  (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
??  (sent from Thakurli Stn.)
why cst train geting let  (sent from Kalva)
what is the status of khopoli fast? (sent from Mulund Stn.)
fast train status plz ? (sent from Thane Stn.)
next train kabh hai?
how to status dadar (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
where is o:46 Ambernath  (sent from Ambernath Stn.)
is khopoli trn on time or not?
when 13202 dn come @kalyan station (sent from Kopar Stn.)
where is kasara (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
where is CST fast train  (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
where is 8.46 khopoli from cst (sent from Shahad)
where is 10. 07 karjat train from thane (sent from Thane Stn.)
where is Khopali train ??? From dadar (sent from Mahim Jn)
10.20 from ghatkopar reached? (sent from Ghatkopar)
where is 10.25PM CSMT train??? (sent from Thane Stn.)
currently where is the train? (sent from Thane Stn.)
where is karjat train (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
Where is 10.42 बदलापूर fast (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)
where is titwala train 10:29 (shahad) (sent from Shahad Stn.)
what is price of 3 month pass from Thane to cst
what is cost for 1 month pass from thane to seawood (sent from Dombivli)
khopoli train where? (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
11.46 ki thane se titwala konse pf pe ayegi?
iss app m pf 1 dikha rha h...
jb ki thane ka pf1 thane tk hi h
is there any problem between Karjat & Kalyan 
is last train of CST on time?
12:43 from dadar to CST is on time?? (sent from Dadar Stn.)
train time pr h?? (sent from Malad)
??? (sent from Malad)
thane to CSMT water logging? late train?
whats the status ? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
what's the train status from dombivili to ghatkoper??
train is running from thane toward cst?
any problem in Kalyan to CST track due to fluds? (sent from Kalyan)
today train status ?
is trains are running from thane to CST?
kalyan se borivali status ???
kslyan se borivali status ??
kalyan se borivali status ??
thane - Ambarnath train  time pe hai kya..? (sent from Kalva Stn.)
what is the status of amb to cst trains  (sent from Ambernath Stn.)
dom to CST status? (sent from Dombivli)
train chalu hai kya vithalwadi seh  cmst tak? (sent from Vithalwadi)
train are on time?
titwala csmt service chalu hai?? (sent from Titwala Stn.)
trains are moving or not???? 
trains are running on time or not? (sent from Kopar Stn.)
good morning.  was it raining throughout night? (sent from Kalyan)
what about dombivli to Vidhyavihar?  (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
trains on time on central railway? (sent from Virar)
Kalyan to CST trains are running or not
are trains to csmt on time ??
every thing fine today?? (sent from Kalva Stn.)
is there water logging at Sion and matunga (sent from Kalva Stn.)
what is the status of trains at central lines (sent from Dombivli)
Are trains started for andheri or not ? plz update  (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)
Are trains started for andheri or not ? plz update  (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)
are trains on proper time? (sent from Kalva)
can anybody tell whether trains between ambernath and cst are running or not?
are trains running on time from kalyan-cst?
titwala to cst trains r working..???
what is status of 5.21 train from kalyan
is it raining everywhere? 
r trians running on time ?? (sent from Kalyan)
are trains on time at thane? (sent from Thane)
trains status from karjat are they on time? 
what about trains status today central rail? 
indrani express is on time ??? (sent from Dombivli)
how much time late (sent from Dombivli)
what's status  (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
train time pe hai kiya titwala se?? (sent from Titwala)
train is running properly?
thane cst trains are running? 
sion n kurla mai water logging hua hai kya?plz anybody lets us know
indrayani mumbai -pune is running on time?
what is the position from Badlapur ? (sent from Badlapur)
what is the status of cst to kasara trains?
cst local on time?
cst to badlapur any issue ? (sent from Thane)
titwala se cst ke liye train chalu hai na ?? (sent from Titwala Stn.)
where is khopoli csmt train
what kp?? means
where is khopoli csmt train (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
are trains running on time?
what's is the train status badlpur thane (sent from Badlapur)
kalyan to cst? (sent from Kalyan)
khopoli to csmt status Pl?  (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
is there water logging in any of central line stations? (sent from Dombivli)
Any delays on C.R ? (sent from Vithalwadi)
Central line and Western line trains are running on time?
From Kasara trains are on time?
Are trains are running ? What about water logging at kurla sion 
is there any water logging on cstm (sent from Mulund)
what is current status are badlapur to CSMT? (sent from Badlapur)
trains on central are running on time? (sent from Shahad)
train chalu he???
train chalu hai kya??? (sent from Kalva Stn.)
hello are trains working properly ? towards csmt (sent from Ghatkopar)
vadala se andheri kly train chal rahe h ya nhi??  (sent from Govandi)
is CR in time ?
are trains running on time???
what about down local up to karjat (sent from Thane)
Mumbai to Pune trains chalu hai kya? (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)
how is central line train running
is central train running on time...is there water logging somewhere)?
how is rain in Kurla and Sion railway stations (sent from Badlapur)
Aaj train problem hai Kya? (sent from Vithalwadi)
raining ahead? (sent from Vithalwadi)
Harbour line running between Andheri.& CSTM in time? (sent from Kandivali)
is there raining is thane (sent from Badlapur)
hi...train updates from dombivali to kurla? (sent from Nilje Stn.)
how is today's Schedule? is train running late? 
is there raining in sion and matunga ? (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)
any water logging in between Kurla and Sion?
is everything okay between kalyan and badlapur?? (sent from Kalyan)
is there raining in dadar ?? (sent from Karjat)
are the trains running on time?
or not much delay? (sent from Badlapur)
raining in kurla? (sent from Badlapur)
are trains on time?  (sent from Mumbra)
what was the current status of central railway (sent from Badlapur)
train running status toward csmt? (sent from Vithalwadi Stn.)
is cst fast 6.45am from kalyan? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
Mulund to Dadar trains running or not .. ? (sent from Mulund)
trains are running on time or not?? (sent from Badlapur)
what is train status on central line
Asangaon se train chalu hai kya?
Guys ,are trains running on time ? (sent from Dombivli)
csmt to kasara trains on time he kay??
Hello. Wud like to know if trains are running as per schedule? (sent from Mumbra)
kasara train status?  (sent from Shahad)
are the trains working from dombivali to cst?? (sent from Dombivli)
cst to Karjat on time ?? (sent from Badlapur Stn.)
what about harbor line.....? trains are running.
what is status diva south Africa train (sent from Badlapur)
are the trains for Pune cancelled? (sent from Bhandup Stn.)
are Pune trains running on time? (sent from Bhandup Stn.)
central ki trains chal rahi h na aaj? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
r trains working from thane to cst? 
which trains are canceled today (sent from Thane Stn.)
is there any problem  (sent from Badlapur)
is the train on time from badlapur
hii is that having one here who is catching panvel local from virar
what about dahanu panvel local (sent from Nalla Sopara Stn.)
what's status of central
what is tha status of virar to andheri  (sent from Virar)
what's the status of trains
is there rain in matunga (sent from Thane Stn.)
bandra to neemkathan  toddy what time go
dadar to ghatkopar chalu hai..? (sent from Borivali)
12105 Dadar  time ? ? 
Badlapur to Kurla band Kyo nahi hai?  (sent from Badlapur)
Kalyan to Thane status......? (sent from Thakurli Stn.)
central line running on time?  (sent from Kalva)
new???  (sent from Kalyan)
central line train status please? (sent from Ambernath)
what is the status Badlapur to cst (sent from Badlapur)
dombivali to cst train status please?? (sent from Thakurli)
what is status of fast train towards CSTM (sent from Asangaon Stn.)
any1 tells me where raja rani exp reached (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
are trains working from Ambernath ? 
thane cst what is the status (sent from Airoli Stn.)
fast train status ? (sent from Mulund Stn.)
?
what is the train status from dombivli to mulund? 
trains on time from Shahad? (sent from Shahad)
is fast trains are available ???  (sent from Bhayander)
Train time vaar ahet ka ?? (sent from Ambivli)
trains r on time ?  please confirm
what is the situation of Aasangaon station
what is the status for dombivali from csmt
what is the status for titwala to thane
Trains from badlapur are on time??? 
is 8:18thane late? (sent from Kalyan)
Dombivali se CST train chalu hai???
Thane train? (sent from Kalyan)
Any update on 8:11 fast from Badlapur? (sent from Badlapur)
Any update on 7:52 CST fast from Badlapur? (sent from Badlapur)
is train running on time?????? what is rain status in ghatkopar??? metro status?? (sent from Badlapur Stn.)
are trains running on time? 
train on tym ahe ka Badlapur to csmt?
thabe platform no. 4 pe regular trains h kya????? please update (sent from Rabale Stn.)
8.25 thane start comes on which platform at thane? (sent from Thane Stn.)
age sion ... sab jaga barish hai kya ?
where is asangao train (sent from Bhiwandi Road)
barish hai ? age ? thane.. sion...
train time pe hai? (sent from Vasind Stn.)
is there rain at central line kurla via csmt
Guys Train status from Shahad anyone? (sent from Shahad Stn.)
what is the status of train from badlapur. (sent from Badlapur)
train are proper running? (sent from Dombivli)
does the trains are running on time from ambernath to csmt ?
what about Sion water logging ? anyone please (sent from Badlapur)
itna late hai Thane train? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
train are working fine right? (sent from Thane)
is 8:27 ambernath to cstm on time??  (sent from Badlapur)
are train running on time?? (sent from Ambivli)
train late hai kya bhai? (sent from Badlapur)
?????
Thane to  c s t ? (sent from Thane)
mulundu me barish he:? (sent from Dahisar)
titwala 8:33 train on time??? (sent from Titwala Stn.)
any update ? (sent from Shahad)
why
why? 
central line la Kahi issue aahe ka?? (sent from Badlapur)
due to goods train 8:11 badlapur arrived late and now stop at side. now 8:30 still we r in badlapur when wd reach the destination, this is very rediculas.  (sent from Badlapur)
why 8.11 train goes vary slow
thane se age train ja rahi hai kya ?
what problem ambernath (sent from Badlapur)
does train running from than to dadar?
malgadi nigali ka? 
trains from Thane to cstm are running or not??
where karjat (sent from Elphinstone Road Stn.)
where is Karjat train now  (sent from Elphinstone Road Stn.)
what's problem between badlapur to kalyan train to run very slowly 
what abt 8:6 Bl -Thane train?  (sent from Ambernath Stn.)
any one knows Badlapur thane local status where it is now (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
Badlapur CST left from Badlapur but very much slow, is there any problem ahead????
What about Khopoli 🚆? on time or late? (sent from Badlapur Stn.)
bohot gardi hai Kya? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
trains are late in central line towards kalyan?? 
what's local train status from Badlapur to CSMT (sent from Badlapur)
train arrived at ambernath?
where is 9 o'clock train from badlapur (sent from Badlapur)
what is the status of train in central line??  (sent from Badlapur Stn.)
what's the train status rgt now in kalyan????
why are trains late from badlapur
where is 7.57 badlapur thane local
kuthe pochi aahe badlapur thane? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
don't ask questions, read what others have given  information
 centerl railway how is time to Deley?
what about the train status at sian (sent from Badlapur)
koyna express will come on which platform at thane? (sent from Kanjur Marg)
where Is Reached This Train
CST la jayela trains time var aahe kaa?? (sent from Kalva Stn.)
what is the status of 9.00 CST local from Badlapur? (sent from Badlapur)
whats the status of kurla to mubra train????? (sent from Khar Road Stn.)
where You Reached
train on time?
where is Badlapur-Dadar local?  (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)
why trains r late on ambernath route? (sent from Vithalwadi Stn.)
why trains r late on ambernath route? (sent from Vithalwadi Stn.)
why trains r late on ambernath route? (sent from Vithalwadi Stn.)
is there Any problems in central line (sent from Badlapur)
whats the status of 9:07 Badlapur Csmt?? (sent from Ambernath)
Why central railway deliver good train in peak hour.... What it's important they must think?? 
what is the status of train from CSMT to vikhroli? 
towards Kalyan train late hai kya? (sent from Dombivli)
where is the thane train (sent from Kopar Stn.)
train towards CST running on time ? (sent from Thane Stn.)
train towards Cst running on tym?  (sent from Badlapur)
what happened between badlapure & ambernath (sent from Rabale)
where is 8.36 fast csmt? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
Is there any water logging on Central Railway? (sent from Cotton Green)
where is 8 45 dadar... from badlapur????? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
where karjat local  (sent from Badlapur)
where is 9:25 thane slow? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
how rr trains running on time pl update anyone from gharkpar to cst
 how are down trains running? (sent from Nahur Stn.)
Are trains of central line working properly? and is there any water clogging?
all trains are well towards dombivali to cst ? (sent from Dombivli)
where is cst to karjat now? (sent from Nahur Stn.)
hey guy's train working properly or not
Where is 9.26am Ambernath Cst Reached (sent from Bhandup Stn.)
can someone tell? (sent from Nahur Stn.)
Is 9.54 Thane CST on time? (sent from Thane Stn.)
class la ka nahi aalas? (sent from Thane)
pan tu tar slow ne jatos na re? (sent from Thane)
Any Idea....????? (sent from Bhandup Stn.)
what is the status of central railways (sent from Ghatkopar)
is central line train on time?? (sent from Marine Lines)
so central line trains are running on time n fine na? (sent from Ghatkopar)
what is the status of 9.:47 15 carts dadar train from kalyan.on time?
what is the status of 9.:47 15 carts dadar train from kalyan.on time?
western train r on tym or not ..??
dear team, i just left the punjab mail express which going to cst now.in the train bogi no S5 near the back side bathroon much more noise.i request to you.plz check what is problem (sent from Dadar Stn.)
dear team, i just left the punjab mail express which going to cst now.in the train bogi no S5 near the back side bathroon much more noise.i request to you.plz check what is problem (sent from Dadar Stn.)
are trains running normally?? 
In thane looks like no issues at all..but what about badlapur thane..no apology, no single announcement.. (sent from Thane Stn.)
hi guys, is there a Thane Dadar morning local?  (sent from Matunga Road Stn.)
train is on time? (sent from Vithalwadi)
R there trains from dombivli station? (sent from Dombivli)
anyone plz tell me from Ulhangr to cst local running on time? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
Good morning,All members. Can anybody tell me where the Thane-cst fast train is now. (sent from Mulund Stn.)
what is the status Asangaon to Cst local  (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
are trains running on time? (sent from Dombivli)
from Kalyan what is status
🚆 are running on time .??  (sent from Kopar)
Is there any issue @kurla.. (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
is there any issue from kalyan to csmt ?
how is train running.. anu delay?? (sent from Bandra Stn.)
are the trains running on time ??
what is the  status of trains from kalyan
tarins r on time?? (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)
kalyan to malad????
are there trains from badlapur to cst ?
is train working properly? (sent from Ambernath)
10.18 badlapur CSMT is on time or late? (sent from Badlapur)
kalyan to malad?? trains are on time or nt
how central local line running today
where will i get train to cime thane from matheran (sent from Koparkhairne)
train time pe hai kya?
kitna delay hai?
?? (sent from Neral)
is local running at kalyan to thane ????? 
trains delay from Kalyan?
what is the status of central railway? (sent from Dombivli)
have you pinged? (sent from Badlapur)
anybody who would like to get added to WhatsApp group for train updates ping me (sent from Badlapur)
? (sent from Badlapur)
bhai kB TK add Kroge?
are trains on the central line running on time? (sent from Thane)
and Western fast trains?  (sent from Thane)
what's the status of train from mumbra
what's the status of train from Vile Parle to CSMT trains (sent from Vile Parle Stn.)
Are the slow trains towards cst running on time ? (sent from Dombivli)
what's the status of kasara to cst route
asangaon to cst train are on time or late? please reply (sent from Asangaon Stn.)
ulhasnagar to cst trains are running late?? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
what's the running status of trains  starting form CST
Thane se cst fast hai abhi ?? (sent from Thane Stn.)
Thane se cst fast hai abhi? (sent from Thane Stn.)
Are there any issues between Kurla and Dadar? (sent from Juinagar Stn.)
karjat cst train is on time or what? (sent from Vangani Stn.)
is there fast train to cstm from Kurla now (sent from Vidyavihar Stn.)
how trains are working on central line  (sent from Ghatkopar)
karjat cst train is on time or what? (sent from Vangani Stn.)
is there fast train to cstm from Kurla now?? (sent from Vidyavihar Stn.)
how trains are working on central line  (sent from Ghatkopar)
but r smooth right??  (sent from Ghatkopar)
where is Thane Karjat train (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)
what's the status of Down train (sent from Borivali Stn.)
are the central rail lines running in time?. kindly update
Dadar to thane trains on time??
where is fast local train for 11:17 train in thane (sent from Thane Stn.)
where is asangaon 11:49
train are running slow??
train running on time? (sent from Mulund)
and what about 11:49??
why train's running late???
is there rain in Kurla (sent from Kings Circle Stn.)
how do you know
train for karjat is ther on time?? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
what is the status of fast train from Dombivali to cstm 
i want to nandurbar on 13.06.2018 by train also return on 17.06.2018 which train go &  returned  for this? i am going first which train suitable?
what stuts dadar2 Kurla trians
kalyan to Cst traon status?  (sent from Kalyan)
how much min are late trains today  (sent from Kalyan)
status? (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)
where are train thane -asanagoan  (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
where is the badlapur 12.30 from thane (sent from Thane Stn.)
badlapur local at ghatkopr1214 held up caught fire? (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
yesterday, did u went to ofc? I went (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
12:53 fast local from Kalyan is on time? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
status of down trains frm cst towrds kyn?  (sent from Airoli Stn.)
Trains are not in time? (sent from Airoli)
 Kdr Aag Lagi?
is 1:32 cst fast from kalyan on time?
trains time par hai?
is 1:32 cst fast from kalyan on time?
train time pe hai ya nhi..??
karjat se Cst jane vale train time pe he kya?
Trains running as per time? (sent from Dombivli)
are trains running from thane to kalyan? (sent from Kalva)
where is titwala train slow (sent from Ambivli Stn.)
what about cst fast trains  from Kalyan?
where was titwala train (sent from Ambivli Stn.)
??? (sent from Ambivli Stn.)
What is the status of ambernath train
Slow trains time pe hai kya? (sent from Vidyavihar Stn.)
why 1:50 CST late today from thane, where it reached now..??? (sent from Thane Stn.)
1:38 from dombivli to cst fast kaha par hai? (sent from Thane Stn.)
what are the charges for express monthly pass of dadar to karjat
are the local trains ontime?? (sent from Vikhroli)
nasata? (sent from Vikhroli)
sorry kasara? (sent from Vikhroli)
kurla to ghatkopar trains status? (sent from Kharghar)
are trains late ?? (sent from Badlapur Stn.)
what is train status of ulhasnagar to cst (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
what is train status of ulhasnagar to cst (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
thane to dadar slow delay hai??? (sent from Bandra Stn.)
kitna late h? (sent from Bandra Stn.)
whats status of 2 45 karjat fast from kurla? (sent from Matunga Stn.)
trains on time ?
is train running on time from dadar to thane? (sent from Andheri Stn.)
present situation?? (sent from Elphinstone Road)
sinhgad cancel?? (sent from Kanjur Marg)
are trains on time? (sent from Ambernath Stn.)
Train had left vitthalwadi but stuck in between? (sent from Vithalwadi)
why train is stop between thane and airoli  (sent from Airoli Stn.)
PANVEL Dahanu is on time or not 
fast train mumbra se3:57 ki right time hai kya? (sent from Mumbra Stn.)
down side trains ka kaisa status hai? please help (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
why train is stopped between Airoli and thane
airoli-thane any status? (sent from Thane Stn.)
trains time pr chal rhi hai kya...??
सेवाग्राम एक्स्प्रेस ठाणा हून निघाली का?
सेवाग्राम एक्स्प्रेस ठाणा हून निघाली का?
सेवाग्राम एक्स्प्रेस ठाणा हून निघाली का?
सेवाग्राम एक्स्प्रेस ठाणा हून निघाली का?
any update on Central? (sent from Badlapur Stn.)
what about central line 
What about central line trains? (sent from Lower Parel)
what is the exact problem on trans harbour line (sent from Thane Stn.)
is central line on?
train late? why (sent from Churchgate)
4:02 v-fast is late or not
what is Karjat - CSTM status ... ? (sent from Neral Stn.)
what abt trains from vashi to koperkhairne? (sent from Sandhurst Road Stn.)
has any train derailed at Thane stn (sent from Thane)
which?  (sent from Elphinstone Road)
central line train status??? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
any update about CST fast from Kalyan? (sent from Vithalwadi Stn.)
what is the current status of central line
train stopped at koparkhairane! what's the status?
what is the current status of central line (sent from Thane Stn.)
3:47 CST central still waiting... Any updates? (sent from Vithalwadi Stn.)
are trains running till ghatkopar? 
are trains running till ghatkopar? 
what is a current starus of central lines
what is the status of dadar to ambernath train
what about kasara to cst
why trains are running late on harbour side?? (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)
what happened betwewn mulund and thane (sent from Dombivli)
please update on transharbour if anybody hav?
At Byculla now!How r central line trains? (sent from Byculla Stn.)
can you plz tell   what about towards kalyan trains status (sent from Dombivli)
is there any problem? (sent from Dombivli)
train status from Thane  to cst ?? (sent from Rabale)
സെൻട്രൽ ട്രെയിൻ... ഓകെ ആണോ?  (sent from Churchgate)
central railway on time hai kya? (sent from Cst Stn.)
CST to Dombivli ട്രെയിൻ സ്റ്റാറ്റസ് എന്താണ്?  (sent from Churchgate)
central line okay???
what happened in airoli ? (sent from Nerul Stn.)
Is there any problem between thane to nerul? (sent from Nerul)
What about Ghatkopar Metro and local (sent from Badlapur)
is there any problems beetween thane to panvel trains?  (sent from Khandeshwar)
is there any problems beetween thane to panvel trains?  (sent from Khandeshwar)
where is 4:13 Dadar Badlapur fast local (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)
tomorrow morning at 6.45am miraroad station to dadar station is open or not
whats the status of central line are the trains on Time???
Are running running on time from thane to dombivili?
is thane vashi trains are working or not
anyone have idea about thane to kalyan trains? (sent from Airoli)
kasara Vt Train Time Per Hai Kya?
waiting on turbhe from 1/2 hrs it is stopped??? (sent from Turbhe Stn.)
and what's the situation from turbhe to thane (sent from Turbhe Stn.)
any problem in thane harbour line?  (sent from Airoli)
dadar to dombivali update please?
central line trains are running on time or not? (sent from Chunabhatti)
what is the reason? (sent from Airoli)
training running from thane to ambernath? (sent from Rabale Stn.)
Kalyan train working??
what is train status  ambarnath fast (sent from Thane Stn.)
Why Rs3826 crore is being spent on Shivaji Memorial Project? I know that after this statement many Shivaji lovers might be angry on me but I must say please look after these at least once because wasting money on such things doesn't goes good instead use the same for the betterment of our country 🙏 (sent from Thane)
central train status please?? (sent from Cst)
kalyan to cst?
when train is about to start from Ghansoli to Thane plzz reply (sent from Ghansoli Stn.)
but what happn (sent from Rabale Stn.)
why?? (sent from Dadar)
when train from Ghansoli to thane is about to start (sent from Ghansoli)
when its gonna to well any info you have  (sent from Ghansoli)
where is amey Chavan ?  (sent from Thakurli Stn.)
guys, what is status of Central Railway?
?  (sent from Thakurli Stn.)
train are on time from Thane towards Dadar? (sent from Kalva)
my Dad wants to travel from Dombivali to Dadar now. is there any train issues? please inform me asap..
central railway running on time ? (sent from Belapur Cbd Stn.)
is there any problem between dadar and thane  (sent from Ghansoli)
where is badlapur cat train (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)
thane to dadar status?? (sent from Dadar)
kasara trains towards cstm? 
are trains running on tym between Thane and Airoli??? 
?? 
kurla se thane ki train chalu hai kya??? (sent from Nerul Stn.)
thane to Dadar??? (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)
What is the status for kurla to thane train????  (sent from Sewri Stn.)
Trains from Vikroli to CMST running on time?
what about Kalyan to cst fast
is trains are running from Vashi to Thane..?? (sent from Vashi Stn.)
trains are on time or not?
has dadar 05:06 left or is late? (sent from Sewri Stn.)
what is the status of trains (sent from Kalva)
what is train status near kalwa (sent from Dombivli)
is 5.30 train from Dadar to Thane on time ? (sent from Elphinstone Road)
Are trains running on time? (sent from Churchgate)
what is the status of thane vashi trains? (sent from Airoli)
right time or not
what's is cr ststus (sent from Cst Stn.)
is central trains are on time? (sent from Cst Stn.)
 what is the status of centra line train (sent from Cst Stn.)
Khopoli Fast local departed from CST? (sent from Chunabhatti)
what is train status ... from Dadar to Kalyan?
5:33 CSMT-Khopoli Fast departed from CST?
Thane to Ghatkopar is CST train working?
what about titwala fast 5.43 running on time ya no (sent from Mahim Jn Stn.)
ट्रेन टाईम वर आहेत का.? (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)
दादर ते बदलापूर?? (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)
Vikhroli to CST ? (sent from Ghansoli)
ऐरोली ठाणे ट्रेन चालू आहेत का? (sent from Airoli)
i want to go to csmt from vile parle.. are direct trains running? (sent from Vile Parle Stn.)
central line barabar chal raha  he? cst to Thane.
what is the status of 5.54 asangaao at dadar (sent from Elphinstone Road Stn.)
what about central line trains?
Are the trains running on time from Thane station ?
Hello m-Indicator!! Where's the local train timetable? I get to see only nees (sent from Thane Stn.)
is train is on time? (sent from Koparkhairne)
train ka problam hai kay ??? tell me (sent from Dadar)
from kalyan to csmt what is possition (sent from Taloja)
from thane to dombivli what is possition
where is thane fast train????  (sent from Dadar Stn.)
6.51 thane badlapur on time???? (sent from Mulund Stn.)
where is AN train (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)
are trains running on time??? (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)
ट्रेन वेळेवर धावत आहेत का?
काय?
6:10 thane fast status???  (sent from Dadar Stn.)
what's the issue (sent from Dadar Stn.)
where has ladies spcl reached?
what about ladies spl.. please update (sent from Matunga Road Stn.)
what happens on the Central line,Train stuck @ Dadar almost 15 min (sent from Parel Stn.)
are trains from thane to dadar running on time? (sent from Ghansoli)
there thane - Nerul railway  will be start or not???
trains working fine ??? (sent from Kandivali Stn.)
dadar train from 2nd platform why not running????  (sent from Parel Stn.)
can you please tell the status of down line trains to Kasara? (sent from Nerul Stn.)
6.20 dadar - kalyan from platform2 why not moving???  (sent from Dadar Stn.)
where is 6:51 train n which time to reach at thane
what is the slow trains 
Are trains from Vikhroli to Kurla running? if yes, any delay? 
Belapur to Thane train on time or not?? (sent from Belapur Cbd)
wer is ladies special train???
where is dombivli train (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)
where is 651 thane Badlapur train 
is there any train from dadar to CST slow (sent from Sandhurst Road Stn.)
where is karjat trn  (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
any problems in central line around Diva ? (sent from Vithalwadi Stn.)
hey guys what is the status of CST Train towards Goregaon (sent from Andheri Stn.)
Thane to CST status? (sent from Kalva)
are the trains working on time?? (sent from Koparkhairne)
Currey Road To Dombivli kya status hai??  (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)
where is thane Badlapur 651 train status  (sent from Mumbra Stn.)
train late aahet ka? i am reaching  (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)
where is thane Badlapur 651 train  (sent from Mumbra Stn.)
where is 651 thane Badlapur train  (sent from Mumbra Stn.)
where is 651 thane Badlapur train  (sent from Mumbra Stn.)
where is 651 thane Badlapur train  (sent from Mumbra Stn.)
where is 651 thane Badlapur train  (sent from Mumbra Stn.)
where is 651 thane Badlapur train  (sent from Mumbra Stn.)
where is 651 thane Badlapur train  (sent from Mumbra Stn.)
where is 651 thane Badlapur train  (sent from Mumbra Stn.)
where is 651 thane Badlapur train  (sent from Mumbra Stn.)
where is 651 thane Badlapur train  (sent from Mumbra Stn.)
where is 651 thane Badlapur train  (sent from Kopar)
where is panvel dahanu memo  (sent from Nahur Stn.)
are fast trains from vt on time ? (sent from Churchgate Stn.)
is there any water lodging pn tracks (sent from Borivali)
Airoli to ghansoli chalu hai kya? (sent from Airoli)
where is panvel dahanu memo (sent from Thane Stn.)
is train available from kalyan to thane?? (sent from Mumbra Stn.)
7;32 st train from titwala will come at right time? (sent from Titwala Stn.)
is there is a raining in dadar  (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
dom me barish hai kya ?
n thane to dom trains on time ? (sent from Koparkhairne Stn.)
how do u people frm kasara to cst  (sent from Vile Parle)
u r in vashi thane train ?  (sent from Ghansoli Stn.)
7.43 badlapur from thane?  status (sent from Vithalwadi)
u r in vashi thane train ?  (sent from Ghansoli Stn.)
what is the current central line status (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
trains are late or on time?? (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
any update on 7.33 fast from thane to cst ??? (sent from Thane Stn.)
Has this train arrived on Ghatkopar yet? (sent from Bhandup Stn.)
what is the status of trains on central line  (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)
what is the status of trains in vadala? (sent from Nerul Stn.)
what is the status of trains in Central line...  (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)
where is now panvel vasai train now (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
what is the problem kalwa to kalyan
why
what happened between kalwa and diva (sent from Kalva Stn.)
what's the issue  (sent from Kalva Stn.)
why..? (sent from Ambernath Stn.)
anybody knows the issue ? (sent from Kalva Stn.)
what's problem at kalva
is there any issue.??
train halted between Thane n Kalwa.. Why?? (sent from Kalva Stn.)
why (sent from Kopar)
why trained stopped (sent from Kalva Stn.)
what happen (sent from Kalva Stn.)
what is the problem between kalwa and mumbra  (sent from Kalva Stn.)
but what (sent from Kalva Stn.)
what happened train halt near kalwa (sent from Kalva Stn.)
What is issue at kalva station??? (sent from Kalva)
any issue between thane to diva on slow track ? (sent from Kalva)
why trains are held on slow track  (sent from Kalva Stn.)
what happened . badlapur train stopped at kalava station (sent from Kalva Stn.)
but what is the issue? (sent from Kalva)
what's the issue ? (sent from Kalva)
status of central railway? (sent from Thakurli)
any idea what is the problem (sent from Kalyan)
what's the train status (sent from Goregaon)
what is pc?
why train has stopped since long long time between thane and kalwa on down line. (sent from Thane)
train delay ??
Ghatkopar to Thane status?  (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
only those who are at Thane or kalwa pls reply. are trains running or stopped? (sent from Thakurli)
wats d train status??? (sent from Thane Stn.)
cstm jaanewali teain ab thane se kitni baje train hai.? (sent from Thane)
8.27 asangaon fast status????  (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
any announcement at thane?? (sent from Kalva Stn.)
where issues are there after thane (sent from Kalva Stn.)
8:18 CST Thane status? (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)
they have just announced at kalva station that due to traffic near kalva gate slow trains towards Kalyan will be not moving (sent from Kalva Stn.)
train status from Thane? (sent from Kalva Stn.)
what's happening  yaar
koi fatak band karega? (sent from Kalva)
is there any problem in central line (sent from Nilje)
what's the problem why train stop in kalwa (sent from Kalva Stn.)
why train has stop it more than 30 minutes
why d train stop at kalwa (sent from Kalva Stn.)
any problem after kalwa? (sent from Kalva Stn.)
hey guyz doest anyone know what is problem between kalwa to mumbra.. train no not moving from last 40 min ?
any problem after kalwa?? (sent from Churchgate Stn.)
what is a issue after kalwa....train is stand still for 15 to 20 min (sent from Kalva Stn.)
why central line trains heading to kalyan from kalwa are running late?
Why train stoped after kalwa
why central line trains heading to kalyan from kalwa are running late?
what's a problem slow train stop at mumbra (sent from Kalva Stn.)
is there problem ahead of kalva station?  (sent from Kalva)
is there any problem yyy Dombivli train had stop between kalwa  (sent from Kalva Stn.)
what's d problem between thane and dombivali on slow line
what abt fast train (sent from Kalva)
what problem ?? (sent from Kalva)
why central train is late ??? (sent from Kalva Stn.)
any clue what is the problem. (sent from Kalva)
what is the problem?  (sent from Kalva)
train thane se aage going ki nai? (sent from Mulund)
what problem  (sent from Kalva Stn.)
is there any issue in central line. trains are running slow (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
wats d speed? (sent from Kopar)
why central trains are late
why central trains are late (sent from Kalva)
is there any problem in Central.  (sent from Kalva)
is this train running towards kalva  (sent from Elphinstone Road)
status about Tranc harbour line? (sent from Mankhurd)
what problem  (sent from Kalva Stn.)
it's very slow ?? (sent from Rabale Stn.)
why train stuck between thane to kalwa (sent from Thane Stn.)
what happened with local 
what happend at thane (sent from Thane Stn.)
please update about 8:31 ambernath train from thane. has it reached kalva?? (sent from Thane Stn.)
Are yaar Trans harbour ka kya status hai train chalu hai kya? (sent from Mankhurd)
what happen please share if announcing in kalwa station  (sent from Thane)
what is a status of 8.01 karjat train (sent from Elphinstone Road)
where is thane karjat trn now?? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
any problems after thane towards kalyan? (sent from Thane)
is the trains r on time from mulund (sent from Mulund Stn.)
are trians running normally from thane to Kalyan now?
why no train for cst (sent from Mulund Stn.)
what the problem (sent from Mulund Stn.)
is there any problem with central railway, train is not running after mulund (sent from Thane)
?  (sent from Thane Stn.)
is there any problem (sent from Kalva)
why train are late....?  (sent from Thane Stn.)
why train stuck between mulund and thane (sent from Thane)
thane pe kab train aayega? (sent from Thane Stn.)
fast train from thane are working ? (sent from Thane)
??? (sent from Airoli)
what about slow train (sent from Thane)
is there an issue in central line ? (sent from Mulund Stn.)
what about kalyan fast (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
central line Bhandup se thane ke bich me koi problem hai kya??? (sent from Mulund Stn.)
any issue for down trains? 
are trains running on time from thane to Kalyan?
what is problem in down line (sent from Mulund Stn.)
what is the issue @ thane (sent from Mulund Stn.)
where is 8.55 assangoan local at Titwala.. (sent from Titwala Stn.)
Any issues in the central line rn?? the badlapur train isn't moving ahead of mulund (sent from Mulund Stn.)
are trains running on tym from thane to Kalyan? (sent from Airoli)
but what is the problem i dont no (sent from Kalva Stn.)
CR train service sucks. Cant they announce within trainwhy its being halted? pathetic (sent from Mulund Stn.)
you stay at Mulund? (sent from Kopar)
where is 8.55 assangoan local at Titwala.. (sent from Titwala Stn.)
any problems  near Thane  or what 
Dombivili 7.59from ghatkopar crosses kalwa but stoped again what happrn?  (sent from Kalva Stn.)
what is the issue with Central railway that even when it doesnt rain all the trains have been haulted for no reason. please learn something from western railway (sent from Mulund)
what's problem in  central railway? (sent from Mulund Stn.)
is there any issues with centre up side (sent from Thane Stn.)
which train? Kalyan slow? (sent from Thakurli Stn.)
train is right time? (sent from Charni Road)
what is abt kalayan to badlapur (sent from Dativali)
any one stuck between thane kalwa?? (sent from Thane)
what happend frnds (sent from Kalva Stn.)
what is problem between Mulund and Kalyan (sent from Kalva Stn.)
Trains late aahet ka?
is there any issue at kalwa? (sent from Kalva)
what happened  (sent from Kalva Stn.)
but what is the issues (sent from Kalva Stn.)
any train approaching vidyavihar.. which station  is the train closest towards vidyavihar cst  reached.. (sent from Vidyavihar Stn.)
yes but what is the problem  (sent from Kalva)
9-9 kalyan is where right now (sent from Sion Stn.)
Gatkopar jan ha when will fast come (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
What's is the problem in kalwa guys  (sent from Shahad Stn.)
what happen why central line trains are late 
why slow train not moving towards kalyan (sent from Kalva Stn.)
No announcement at all this is how our system works (sent from Thane Stn.)
what happened to train...  (sent from Thane Stn.)
what is problem now (sent from Kalva Stn.)
what happened  (sent from Sandhurst Road)
Thane to Kalyan... any guesses by what time train will reach (sent from Thane Stn.)
central slow track pe train hai kya?  (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
any train approaching vidyavihar? (sent from Vidyavihar Stn.)
slow train update towards Dadar ? (sent from Vidyavihar Stn.)
Trains are slow almost 20 mins from mulund what is issue ahead (sent from Kalva Stn.)
where is 9 12 Kp from ghatkoper (sent from Thane Stn.)
what is the status of trains to wards kalyan.. i will reach thane in 15 min
can anyone please tell me, what is an issue in central railway (sent from Vashi Stn.)
what is the issue for trains getting late? (sent from Kalva Stn.)
what is problem in center line train is running very slowly
what's the reason for late train (sent from Mumbra Stn.)
what is the problem between kalva & mumbra ? (sent from Thane Stn.)
Central line trains are running late 40 minute's and Not a single announcement has been done by Railway why it is getting late (sent from Thakurli Stn.)
anyone in khopoli train?  (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
any problems after thane? as trains are running slow 
why train stop on slow line towards Kalyan  (sent from Thane)
what is the issue I stuck in mulund (sent from Mulund)
is thane karat train has cancelled? (sent from Bhivpuriroad Stn.)
how congested are the fast trains for Kalyan from ghatkopar
trains running so late why between mulund to Kalyan on slow line (sent from Thane Stn.)
hi any problem in central line??? (sent from Mulund Stn.)
is problem resolved at kalwa? (sent from Bhandup Stn.)
that's how our great railway system operates (sent from Kalva Stn.)
where is Dombivli train (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)
khopoli train status? (sent from Mulund Stn.)
where  (sent from Badlapur Stn.)
what is problem (sent from Badlapur Stn.)
where is khopoli fast?? (sent from Mulund Stn.)
where is karjat slow train now (sent from Badlapur Stn.)
whats the issue between thane to mulund why are trains running late ???  (sent from Virar)
I feel, someday we all should reach to station masters office with mic and camera and as per RTI ask them for the reason ans who would compensate for the delays in terms of money and file a case against Central Railway (sent from Mulund)
what is d problem at kalwa Stn frnds
Which train reach at shahad (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
what is d problem at kalwa Stn frnds
where is thane badlapur train  (sent from Thakurli)
where is asangao train (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
where is khopoli train (sent from Mumbra Stn.)
is any one coming towards cst ?? (sent from Elphinstone Road Stn.)
dear railway minister, please appoint a good general manager who is efficient to handle central railway. (sent from Kalva Stn.)
Dear Pm., & Railway minister, why don't you construct Bullet train from CSMT to Kasara, Karat, Panel, palghar..that will give you a very good Returns in future.. (sent from Kopar Stn.)
why the train is late  (sent from Kharghar)
what is going on , I dombivli train is stop before mumbra
are trains late?  (sent from Ambernath)
what the hell is wrong with slow line (sent from Kalva Stn.)
has dombivali train left Kurla?  (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)
what's the problem enjoy (sent from Kurla)
where is cst_karjat 7.50 train (sent from Badlapur)
why train is late  (sent from Kopar Stn.)
what about 9.33 titwala slow train (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
status from thane ?  (sent from Thane)
train problem solve or not? (sent from Dombivli)
up trains ko problem hai ya down trains? (sent from Dombivli)
sushant Jadhav train ata diva pohchat ahe (sent from Mumbra)
what is the issue , whtmy slow trains are late (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)
what's the status of slow trains 
what's the status of slow trains in Central line? 
what is current status of local train
aakash train la khup gardi aahe ka?  (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
what's the status of trains in Central line? 
what is the issue  (sent from Kalva Stn.)
9.58 Badlapur at Mulund status? (sent from Mulund Stn.)
What's the status of Kalyan to Thane Train starting at 8.50 PM (sent from Thane Stn.)
aj train late ka ahet? (sent from Kopar Stn.)
Hi All, are trains running in time between thane and Kalyan?
9.50 thane local has left from cst.?  (sent from Chinchpokli Stn.)
is there any problem in central railway near Bhandup (sent from Dadar Stn.)
what's wrong with Titwala slow?  (sent from Kopar)
where is kalyan fast currently (sent from Kurla Stn.)
where is 9.54 cst to kalyan train now (sent from Kurla Stn.)
I don't know what Rly dept doing at Sunday taking mega block still at diva train are slow (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)
where is ASANGAON 10.25 from KALYAN (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)
where is ASANGAON 10.25 from KALYAN (sent from Diva Jn)
where is the Kasara train from Ghatkopar
cst fast from kyn where it is? 
what about khopli train status any body knows (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
which khopoli? (sent from Kopar Stn.)
Thane Badlapur??? itki late. (sent from Kopar Stn.)
does anyone know where is 10.39 khopoli train from thane?  (sent from Thane Stn.)
10.39 cst fast train status? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
did 10.34 titwala train left from ghatkoper?
caught KP? (sent from Kalyan)
Is 10:51 BL train from Ghatkopar on time or late? (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)
? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
this is central route chat.  (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
where is this train now? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
you got train Mayuri??? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
where is the train (sent from Lowjee Stn.)
yeah it left just ahead of another badlapur which was standing on right side at kalyan (sent from Vithalwadi Stn.)
khopoli train? (sent from Dadar Stn.)
can anybody give me the status of khopoli fast train like what is estimated time
khopoli jaanewali fast train kaha hai? (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
 at what time in the morning does the crowd starts to increase
what  (sent from Byculla Stn.)
distance between kalyan to dadar ?
are trains running timely? 
 are trains running on time?
बदलापूर हुन मुंबईत जाण्यासाठी ट्रेन सुरू आहेत का ? (sent from Badlapur Stn.)
it's too much raining in Badlapur trains are running or nt?
is trains are running?  (sent from Badlapur)
is trains are running from titwala to csmt?
have any idea about trains running status???? (sent from Badlapur Stn.)
Railway delays or in time? 
where is 3:45 Ambernath-CST??? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
train status from Badlapur please? 
when?? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
train status guys ..from badlapur it's on time ?
train status?  (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
Are trains working from Kalyan to Dadar? (sent from Mulund)
trains are running?  (sent from Badlapur Stn.)
what's update of Mumbai ? (sent from Badlapur)
yes what is train comdition  at badlapir station is it on time or not (sent from Badlapur)
what's update of sion.....pani bhara hai ki nahi ? (sent from Badlapur)
status of central from ulhasnagar ? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
what is now current position?  (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
how much late (sent from Badlapur)
what is the status of rain in kalyan to byculla (sent from Vithalwadi Stn.)
Central train working properly or not???
what is the status of train from ulhasnagar (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
what is the central train status??? (sent from Vithalwadi Stn.)
now what is the train status
Train let ahet ka, ani kiti let ahet ? (sent from Dativali Stn.)
what abt train status from kalyan to kurla?? (sent from Vithalwadi)
what about Karjat to csmt  (sent from Neral)
what is tha status of train in kalyan to byculla ??? (sent from Vithalwadi Stn.)
Train are running ?
from kasara asangaon train running??
Where are you from (sent from Mulund Stn.)
what is status if slow train from Kalyan to catch 5:21  (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
where is 5:21 slow from kalyan to cst. anybody on it?  (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
trains time me he kya? (sent from Kalyan)
what is condition at badlapur station?? (sent from Badlapur)
thane to vashi are runnig or not ? (sent from Thane)
is trains are on time? (sent from Kalyan)
train from titwala to thane...time pa h kya? (sent from Shahad Stn.)
train is on time today or not ? (sent from Ambernath Stn.)
is khopoli train on time? (sent from Dombivli)
Kalyan to Ghatkopar... are trains running on time ?? 
is trains are running?
Is it raining heavily there?? (sent from Khopoli)
trains running ?
ia train running on time?  (sent from Kopar Stn.)
At what time diva ratnagiri passenger reach at panvel morning
trains update pls?
khopoli train on time? (sent from Shelu Stn.)
ambarnath to kalyn train?? 
ambernath to cst on time ?? (sent from Ambernath)
diva to dadar trains ? (sent from Dativali Stn.)
BADLAPUR on time??? (sent from Badlapur)
diva to cst trains????  (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)
train ka Hal Kya hai? (sent from Kalva)
Kalwa carsheid ka Hal Kya hai? (sent from Kalva)
trains from karjat running on time?
trains are running between ulhasnagar n csmt? (sent from Ghatkopar)
Kya Badlapur to kalyan gaali chalu hai? (sent from Badlapur)
shahad to CSMT trains chalu hi?? (sent from Shahad Stn.)
what? really. trains is running from Badlapur to thane?  (sent from Badlapur Stn.)
trains r running from Ambernath to cst?
Are trains towards karjat & Khopoli on time?
what. is the status of kanjurmarg and Sion 
wht abot sion??
Are  trains running between Thane and Dadar? (sent from Kalva)
Are the trains running from Karjat...?
what about trains from cst to karjat?  (sent from Badlapur)
are trains running in between dombivli n csmt?  (sent from Kopar)
Trains are on time or not ? Kalyan to Kurla  (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
what is the status of trains from Thane???
status of sion st pls? (sent from Vithalwadi)
what is status of trains?
what is the status of central line (sent from Badlapur)
what is status of trains from Thane?
what is status of trains from Thane?
what is status of trains from Thane?
hey.....trains for pune on time? (sent from Chinchpokli Stn.)
status beyond Thane ? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
is Karjat train from thane is at time?  (sent from Thane Stn.)
what is status of trains from Thane?
what is status of trains from Thane?
what is status of trains from Thane?
are they on time??
are the trains late? (sent from Sewri)
there is an announcement on Badlapur station that trains will be late by 20- 25 min late (sent from Badlapur Stn.)
where is the 6.10 cst slowfrom dombivli (sent from Ambernath Stn.)
are karjat-cst trains running properly? (sent from Vangani)
are vashi to kurla trains late? (sent from Vashi)
trains are on tym? badlapurkar plz rply
trains are  running?  (sent from Badlapur Stn.)
train chalu hai kya Kalyan se csmt tak?  (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
कर्जत ते दादर ट्रेन चालू आहे का? (sent from Badlapur)
hi friends, are trains running on time from ambernath to cst? 
good morning to all, trains r running in time ? (sent from Badlapur)
it's better to stay home since currently train will be delayed by 20-25 min which soon will change  to delay of 30-40 mins as it's raining consistently from last night (sent from Badlapur)
train chalu hai kya Thane to CST????
it's raining heavily in thane??? (sent from Badlapur)
is train running to karjat line? 
its raining heavily in thane or south Mumbai??
is it raining in Kalyan???? (sent from Badlapur)
is it safe to come tdy....trains issue hga kya?? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
are trains running? 
is it running shahad to cst?  (sent from Shahad)
trains from Badlapur ? anyone ? (sent from Badlapur)
are there trains from badlapur ??
?  (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)
are trains on time?  (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)
what is status of trains from titwala to cst (sent from Shahad)
what abt 6-18 fast from Dombivli (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
Chetan where is that spl train (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
Any body going to pune ? (sent from Ambernath)
what is train status from badlapur to cst
trains are running on central line?
here no announcement abt that  spl train (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
between sion and kurla waterlogging....??
what is the status for badlapur train (sent from Badlapur Stn.)
trains running in proper time or not ???
whats the current status of the central line trains??
bro timing?
plz give me the badlapur to cst status ? its working or it will be safe to come out to house ? (sent from Badlapur)
what's the status of trains on Thane stn? (sent from Kalva)
what is the status of trains from Mumbra ?? (sent from Mumbra)
Trains from badlapur running on time? (sent from Badlapur)
local train running of shahad to cstm?
what about csmt to karjat train ?? 
what about Karjat to csmt train
karjat to CST ?
r trains running on time? (sent from Kalyan)
khopoli cst 6:31 train crosses thane?? (sent from Thane Stn.)
dombavli la paus ahe ka??? (sent from Badlapur)
train status. ? (sent from Titwala)
is a train running on time or not?? (sent from Shahad Stn.)
ambarnath to cst trains are on time or dealay?
dombivli local train is running today? (sent from Kopar)
it will be safe to travel today ? whts status abt train today ? (sent from Badlapur)
is train are on time..?
are the trains running properly on time..?? (sent from Kalyan)
train update?
where is karjat local (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
trains are on time?? (sent from Shahad)
things r safe until u r emotinally n physically strong enough to go thru the ordeal . patience is needed. when its raining obvisouly trains will b delayed (sent from Thakurli Stn.)
what abt 6:33 train frm karjat (sent from Karjat Stn.)
trains are on time?? (sent from Shahad)
what is the status of 6.51 cst train from dombivli (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
rain kisa ha mumbai me?
is there any problem in sion? (sent from Kalyan)
train time pe he kiya?
Railway Staff Please Start any inquiry number or help line number that we called or give  a miss call and we know the status of train so we live from our home. Thanks
karjat se ane vali train late he aj kya?
diva la patri vr pani sachl ahe ka? 
r u m indicator employee?
kasara to cst update kay ahe? (sent from Titwala)
any buddy know about where is deogiri express (sent from Vidyavihar Stn.)
r trains running on time? (sent from Shahad)
any update on Karjat - CSMT fast train? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
it's raining on Central line???? (sent from Badlapur)
Good Morning Friends What is Status of today's Train n Rain? (sent from Badlapur)
how's the status at kurla , sion no other low lying areas? (sent from Shahad)
khopoli to cst fast कहां है? (sent from Thane Stn.)
 how many times delay from central local
what status now about ambernath to csmt train (sent from Ambernath)
hello..friends,Gdmng,Any update from BADLAPUR  TO CSMT trains??
what is status from Titwala to Thane train...??
what is the train status? 
trains are running? (sent from Ambernath Stn.)
are dombivli to cst train running on time? (sent from Dombivli)
what is train status in diva? (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)
any update on the train from Kalyan to CSMT? (sent from Kalyan)
status of csmt trains from vasind? (sent from Vasind)
Kalyan to cst what is status 
kurla - dadar? trains working? on time? (sent from Nerul Stn.)
 are trains running at right time??  (sent from Ambernath)
updates on ambernath to cst ?? 
Any update on Central trains from kyn to cst?? Are they running on time?? (sent from Kalyan)
what's the status from Thane to cst
please read chat .. (sent from Vithalwadi)
what is status today's central  line 
kaha hai tumhara ghar? (sent from Badlapur)
it's raining in thane??? (sent from Badlapur)
trains are delayed or not
any problems on central line?
baarish ho rahi hai kya?
how much (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
any problems on central line?
can anybody tell something about CST fast??? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
what is the train status of Central line (sent from Kalyan)
what's a status of central railway from kyn to cstm (sent from Bhiwandi Road)
kurla station?? (sent from Dombivli)
is it raining in Kalyan???? (sent from Badlapur)
was it late?
any water logging news?? (sent from Dombivli)
trains running?  (sent from Thakurli)
are trains on time at mumbra stn?
from where (sent from Badlapur)
karjat to cstm Kai status? (sent from Neral)
Diva? (sent from Diva Jn)
karjat train where r (sent from Neral)
trains are running or not?
Plz give me status from badlapur to panvel via thana? (sent from Badlapur)
status of train from ambermath to CST please? (sent from Ambernath)
how's schedule today any update dosto (sent from Shelu Stn.)
what is the train status from ambarnath to CST? (sent from Ambernath Stn.)
what is the train status from Shahad to cst?  (sent from Shahad)
what status from thane to Panvel  (sent from Thakurli)
what's central railways todays position  ?. (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)
7.18 what is the status of kalayn train
are trains working fine? 
is there trains r on time at karjat khopoli marg? (sent from Gtb Nagar)
heavy raining in Kalyan???? (sent from Badlapur)
is 6.51 fast train at dombivli on time? (sent from Sandhurst Road)
how about dadar to bandra?  (sent from Thakurli)
is train running normal. what's about soon stn (sent from Vithalwadi)
anyone here from kalyan?? at. (sent from Gtb Nagar)
diva sawantwadi, any update?  (sent from Panvel Stn.)
is it train working proper ? (sent from Badlapur Stn.)
6.51 at dombivli fast train on time??? (sent from Sandhurst Road)
kasara/asangaon/train to CST r running properly?
can anybody tell me what is the status for central line trains.
water logging at sion station?
status badlapur station ????? (sent from Badlapur Stn.)
where 7 8 (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)
what is the status at kurla..???
where is karjat train 7:42 dombivali  (sent from Mumbra Stn.)
karjat train any update?  (sent from Mumbra Stn.)
what about trains to CST? are they going late???  (sent from Vangani Stn.)
what is status of central line how much time trains arr delay  (sent from Ambernath Stn.)
trains kab bandh hoga? 😂
how any updates from thane station ?
7 8 train not come ulass where  (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)
should i travel today or not ?? plzz suggest (sent from Shahad)
r trains on time from shahad to Thane??? (sent from Shahad)
is there any train from cstm (sent from Byculla Stn.)
what is status of trains from Thane?
मुंबई side ko baarish hai ki nhi?  (sent from Badlapur)
what is status of trains from Thane?
what is status of trains from Thane?
what is status of trains from Thane?
what is status of trains from Thane?
where is this train now (sent from Kalva)
where r you (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)
what is status of trains from Thane?
what is status of train from Ulhasnagar ? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
where is karjat fast train now (sent from Kalva)
barish chalu he thane se aage..?
it's heavy, cloudy,... Sion me पाणी Kyu nhi भरा आज? 🤣🤣 (sent from Badlapur)
any update from shahad?? (sent from Shahad)
is it raining everywhere heavily ?  (sent from Karjat)
any delay in central line...? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
Ambernath to thane ky h update??
what is the status of thane can anyone plz share..??
is right time central railway ?. (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)
what is the status in mulund to cst (sent from Mulund)
where is 7:26 at Ulhasnagar (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
 trains are on time at ulhas..? (sent from Shahad)
यार... ye train क्यू chal रहा है? घर pe rukna tha आज... Centra रेल्वे ऐसे kaise time pe chal sakti hai? 😀😀 (sent from Badlapur)
any delay after Thane towards CST? (sent from Mulund Stn.)
is 7:26 arrived at Ulhasnagar? (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)
badlapur status??!!!!!! (sent from Badlapur Stn.)
asangaon status? 
what about dombivli train (sent from Dombivli)
what is the status for trains from ambernath to cstm
whats the situation from badlapur stn to cst? (sent from Badlapur Stn.)
 Badlapur status? (sent from Badlapur)
what about dombivli?  (sent from Dombivli)
what about fast locals for karjat (sent from Tilak Nagar)
wts the status for sion!? (sent from Khandeshwar)
Can Anyone Give me Staus frm Khopoli Station??!🚟🚟⁉️❓❓
what status for kurla? (sent from Mulund Stn.)
guys are trains on time ? from ambernath (sent from Ambernath)
any update for ambernath station?  (sent from Ambernath)
what is the sion status 
r trains working properly today.... of central line...? (sent from Titwala Stn.)
what is the status from Badlapur to Mumbai (sent from Badlapur)
hi any train problem in Central?
what's the status from 7:21titwala cstm  (sent from Titwala Stn.)
are all the trains in the central railway timely? (sent from Palasdhari)
by how much time (sent from Airoli Stn.)
what is the status of Central line (sent from Koparkhairne)
what about western railway?  (sent from Kalva)
what is the status of central line railway
what is d status of badlapur stn
Karjat trains?? (sent from Vangani)
any update on fast train towards cst!? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
Badlapur bhandup sf fast current status just time ? (sent from Bhandup Stn.)
7:33 thane aa gayi kya?
Ambernath to thane ky update h?? (sent from Ambernath)
Are trains running on time? (sent from Shahad Stn.)
any update on 7.33 Dadar? (sent from Thakurli Stn.)
is it left from Kalyan? (sent from Thakurli Stn.)
my train is 2mins late what is dis? (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)
what about 7.43 kalyan cst (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
koi chances hai kya train band hone ke?
are trains working after Kurla? (sent from Ambernath)
hi what's the train status today? (sent from Thakurli)
7.43 is cancelled or what (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
plse tell us what the status (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
what is status at badlapur can anyone update (sent from Badlapur)
any idea about kasara? (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)
what's the status of central line are they late  (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
any idea abt 7:30 CSMT F @ Kalyan?  (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
are trains running properly from shahad to CST? (sent from Vithalwadi)
what is the status of central line locals (sent from Neral Stn.)
what is the status in Sion  (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
situation at Sion? (sent from Nahur Stn.)
what about kurla station  (sent from Tilak Nagar)
hi are train working properly? (sent from Badlapur Stn.)
which train got ?
which trains cancel any idea (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
is central line running on time? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
is there water logging between Ambernath and Badlapur? (sent from Badlapur Stn.)
what is status at shahad
are trains running late Today? 
please check western line chat
all trains? (sent from Koparkhairne)
exactly working or not?????  (sent from Karjat)
what is the status of trains running from Dombivli to CST? (sent from Dombivli)
by how much (sent from Airoli)
7.52 is on tym?? from bdlapur? (sent from Badlapur Stn.)
how much late
what about 7:57 (sent from Badlapur)
are the trains running late in central line?
are slow trains available on titwala station for cost?  (sent from Titwala)
are mitrano varti chat tar vachat ja sagle ekach prashn vichartat ....ans tar yeun dya
train status from thane?
vasind to kalyan trains are on time ya delay???
Karjat trains ?? (sent from Vangani)
This is actually slow local to CST... it arrived in Kalyan at 0751 and departed 0755.... I am in same train.. now near Thakurli.... why does my location says (sent from vidyavihar?)? (sent from Thakurli Stn.)
Sion situation plz anyone? (sent from Nahur Stn.)
why trains are so much late today (sent from Thane Stn.)
what status between kurla n dadar (sent from Khandeshwar Stn.)
I am a student should I travel to college? (sent from Thakurli Stn.)
what is status between kalyan to Dadar? 
what is d current status at titwala station??? (sent from Titwala Stn.)
is there any problem in diva???  (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
are trains running fine in central railways? (sent from Borivali Stn.)
status at Sion? (sent from Nahur Stn.)
how current status kurla ? (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)
cst to thane train status?? (sent from Sandhurst Road Stn.)
trains are on time or not?
what abt 7:52 fast to cst (sent from Badlapur)
what about to Thane to kurla (sent from Thane Stn.)
what is the  train status from ambernath
8.17 dombivali Kalyan fast return cst what the status (sent from Dombivli)
what is the problam (sent from Dombivli)
Sion? (sent from Nahur Stn.)
what about Badlapur
where is Ambarnath slow at present (sent from Thakurli Stn.)
what is the status for Bhandup to CSMT (sent from Bhandup Stn.)
what is status 7:17 amaranth CST fast vikhroli (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)
8.17 Dombivali kalyn fast return cst what the status (sent from Dombivli)
Whr did 6:33 karjat rchd? (sent from Mulund Stn.)
what is running status of thane to ghatkopar
water Login?? (sent from Dombivli)
is there any any water logging
is there too much rush ??
what is the status of the 8:11  CST fast (sent from Badlapur)
where is khopoli 8:10? (sent from Thane Stn.)
? (sent from Bhandup Stn.)
is there any water logging
were is karjat train ? (sent from Vangani Stn.)
? (sent from Bhandup Stn.)
where is thane train (sent from Bhandup Stn.)
where is ladies spcl rchhd (sent from Seawood Darave)
what is status about cst train from karjat (sent from Neral Stn.)
hows the condition of central line..? is it too late..
ranjit.... do you want to travel by that train?
what is the status of running trains (sent from Kurla Stn.)
what about fast..?
where is ladies spl train from kalyan? (sent from Thakurli Stn.)
nikli kya? (sent from Thakurli Stn.)
where is a khopoli (sent from Badlapur Stn.)
what about slow train towards cstm (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
 where the hell is 7.53 cst fast. its more than 20 mins i am waiting for that damb train (sent from Kurla Stn.)
are the trains running on time?? (sent from Dombivli)
train towards Kalyan ?
slow trains to CSTM?  (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
when ? still it is in Badlapur?
badlapur thane local status? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
what's about towards Mumbai ??? (sent from Kopar Stn.)
what about khopoli train (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
trains are running from ulhasnagar? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
can anyone pls tell jo cst ke liye special train thi wo cst se kaunse station ke liye nikle hai (return) ? (sent from Churchgate Stn.)
what is the status of Badlapur - Thane train (sent from Thakurli Stn.)
what abt khopoli fast???
from  Ambarnath to CST train on time ?? (sent from Ambernath)
are trains to cst late?  (sent from Kalyan)
what is status from thane to ambernath train
what is the status of central line train (sent from Ambernath Stn.)
where is train now (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
badlapur thane train kidhar pahochi he ? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
kurla station? water logging hain kya?
is there any water logging near thane  (sent from Ambernath)
trains late hai kya? (sent from Kalyan)
f trains towards cst?? any idea? (sent from Thane Stn.)
it's raining what in mumbai... so I can take leave.... because train r also late  (sent from Mulund Stn.)
where is the thane train?? (sent from Kopar Stn.)
is it a Thane train ?? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
where 8.33 cst train
badlaput to Thane train where reached? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
where reache ledies spl train ?? (sent from Mulund Stn.)
what is the status of central railway trains?? (sent from Ambernath)
8.09 badlapur to karjat. any1 can tell the location pls? its 25min late (sent from Badlapur Stn.)
train running on time?? 
where 8.33 cst train
kalayn to dadar train status ???
is there any slow local train departed from kalyan? (sent from Thakurli Stn.)
8.38 ledies spl train is on time????? (sent from Mulund Stn.)
why are trains late today?
any one hv any idea abt badlapur-thane train ? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
any reason behind this morning late and cancelled issue?  (sent from Titwala)
any issue in central line soo many train is being cancelled 😑? (sent from Thakurli Stn.)
badlapur Thane train???? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
8.47 thane csmt is on time?
what are updates from Titwala station? (sent from Titwala)
where the Badlapur Thane  train has reached? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
anyone from ulhasnagar? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
can you advise the reason behind this? if you are aware
where is badlapur  (sent from Badlapur Stn.)
what is status of train (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
where is karjat train (sent from Neral)
wht is d current situation at kalyan stn? (sent from Kalyan)
8:33 train status? ambernath to cst (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
thane to csmt ? (sent from Ghansoli Stn.)
 where is dadar 8:22 train (sent from Dadar Stn.)
8:33 ulhasnagar to ambernath cancelled  ?? (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)
what's the Kalyan to CST status? (sent from Kalyan)
y trains r late ? NY reason 
where is Badlapur thane (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
central line ?? (sent from Kalva Stn.)
what is status for slow local for csmt (sent from Thane Stn.)
whats a problem ??
central train status?  (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
What is the position of 8. 36 cst train...  sent from kalyan (sent from Kalyan)
is 9:06 dombivli to cst train cancelled? (sent from Dombivli)
have heared Badlapur train some fire happend?? (sent from Thane Stn.)
what about dom. 9.06?
no idea.  but when I was on Dombivali stn around at 7.50 , train 7.21 went very crowded n then around after 5-10 min 1 spl train came for cst (sent from Ghatkopar)
where the 8.33 cst train (sent from Titwala)
train status of titwala to cst..?? on time or late?  (sent from Shahad Stn.)
what is the status of trains from dombivali
byculla to thane trains? (sent from Sandhurst Road Stn.)
8:36 kalyan cst local left the station? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
what is the issue of train (sent from Kopar Stn.)
why are trains this late (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
are trains towards Kalyan on time?  (sent from Sewri)
What is the status of trains from Kalyan?? 
kai problem ahe ?
whr is  badlapur to thane train? (sent from Dativali)
     is there any problem to travel for cst
any update on 8:21 Kalyan local? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
train from Dadar to Asangaon are on time ? (sent from Vasind Stn.)
any news regarding water lodge in sion? (sent from Mumbra Stn.)
central trains r on time?? (sent from Vithalwadi)
slow trains nhi h kya??  (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
Why trains are late today? No sign of rains anywhere (sent from Mulund Stn.)
Why r trains late (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
what status badlapur to cst
8:21 Local @ Kalyan ?? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
what about Thane to CST train ?
what about 8 56 karjat from thane (sent from Thane Stn.)
how's today
what abt dadar train 8:53 from kalva?
what about thane trains to csmt (sent from Thane Stn.)
are trains on time ? (sent from Thakurli)
what is the status of trains are trains running on time  (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
karjat to Csmt Train aaj late he kya?
what is statis of thane to cst Train
please let me know what is status of trains running berween ambernath to cst (sent from Ambernath Stn.)
what is status of badlapur stn ?  (sent from Badlapur)
what is wrong with central lines trains towards thane? (sent from Elphinstone Road Stn.)
what problem between ambarnath and badlapur (sent from Shelu)
which train  (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
exactly Kya hua?? (sent from Dombivli)
what is the status of kalyan csmt slow train (sent from Vithalwadi)
mumbra to shahad train running properly or not????
what is the status of dombivali station  (sent from Dombivli)
why trains are late from Elphinstone for thane (sent from Elphinstone Road Stn.)
where is 8_53 bdl csmt slow trn (sent from Badlapur Stn.)
ghatkopar main barrish hai kya????  (sent from Kalyan)
r trains late ???  (sent from Badlapur)
what is the status of central line trains toward can't from dombivali (sent from Nilje)
what is the current status (sent from Shahad)
What is the status of down line towards Abernathy? (sent from Kalamboli)
Why so many trains are getting cancelled? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
  what about down line towards ambernath (sent from Dombivli)
where is badlapur - thane train? (sent from Thane Stn.)
how is train traffic on Dombivali station  (sent from Nilje)
what about the status of thane to cstm trains???
trains late?? (sent from Mahim Jn)
what about trains upto sion (sent from Diva Jn)
why are trains late today  9:05 n now 9:55 train is put up (sent from Matunga Road Stn.)
towards kalyan or cst? (sent from Kalyan)
what about 9.00 CST local from Badlapur (sent from Badlapur Stn.)
what's the problem in central line anybody knows? (sent from Mumbra Stn.)
why? (sent from Mumbra Stn.)
what is current status (sent from Thane)
hi 9.15 local from shahad is running on time ?
down trains late??? (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
why trains are late??? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
Update on trains leaving to CST from Badlapur??  (sent from Badlapur)
why (sent from Diva Jn)
badlapur train ayya kurlA? down train? (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
where is karjat train
no train at Vidyavihar station from past 20 minutes. any issue on central line? (sent from Vidyavihar Stn.)
trains r running? (sent from Diva Jn)
are there any trains from Kalyan to CST now why is their status (sent from Thakurli Stn.)
where is the 9:29AM. train from badlapur (sent from Badlapur Stn.)
where is now 9:36 train  (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)
Are there any trains from Thane to CSTM ? (sent from Thane Stn.)
Are there any trains from thane to cstm or dadar?? 
Has 9.29 kalyan-cst train arrived on pf 1A ?? (sent from Kalyan)
friends whAt is train status towards cst (sent from Bhandup)
what about 9.11 from ulhasnagar? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
why trains r running late, specify reason. (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
what is train issue
why fast train moving slowly any idea 
what is the status of the 9:48 dombivli local..  (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
what is status of khopoli cst train at badlapur 9.39 am
9:24 CST semifast from shahad nikal gayi kya?? (sent from Shahad Stn.)
whts status to badlapur to cst ? (sent from Badlapur)
why trains cancelled now.... it is not raining for last 1 hr.... 
what about 9.42 from ulhasnagar?? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
Thane to Mulund k liye regular trains h kya ??? (sent from Rabale Stn.)
what about slow trains from kalyan
what is status of shahad to cst?? trains are on time or not??
is thane kalyan working on time ?
regular trains h kya Thane to Mulund???? (sent from Rabale Stn.)
diva to sion any train is there? (sent from Diva Jn)
train on time from dadar towards badlapur??? (sent from Mahim Jn Stn.)
trian running let banjo bhaed  bakri ap insan nahi ho jo insan hai who officer hsi jo diced karta hain trian kitni let chalana hai 
guya 10.43 kalyan-cst???  (sent from Thakurli Stn.)
central me many trains r cancelled today......what is the reasons ??? trains r delayed by 30 mins (sent from Thane Stn.)
karjat train status..? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
why trains are late is there some major issues  (sent from Sandhurst Road)
karjat train kaha hai..?? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
what's the problem with central trains ??
Are the trains late from Karjat. . . ?  (sent from Badlapur)
why the trains are delayed?  (sent from Mumbra Stn.)
Is it even raining today??? (sent from Vikhroli)
it happens even when there is no rain what about that then (sent from Cst Stn.)
what is current train status??? (sent from Badlapur Stn.)
are central line trains running on time??
are the trains shut? (sent from Elphinstone Road Stn.)
no trains are shut right? (sent from Elphinstone Road Stn.)
It's not even raining why are trains delayed?  (sent from Dativali)
karjat train on which stn now (sent from Diva Jn)
karjat train on which (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)
Cetral railway cha aadmuthe pana lokani kiti divas sahan karayacha ? (sent from Mulund)
is there any problem in central line (sent from Nahur)
karjat train on which station now (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)
Where is Thane train reached ? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
are trains running fine on central ??? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
what abt 10:17 from Kalyan 
what is the status of 9:45 CST train from karjat? (sent from Ambernath Stn.)
why trains are always late 
What is status of Thane - CSMT line?
why trains are always late  (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)
what's problem .  (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
What is status of ambarnath to thane
what about trains from badlapur (sent from Badlapur)
are trains running in central line? (sent from Turbhe)
status of train from karjat?? (sent from Thane Stn.)
What is status of 10.05 train for cstm from kalyan? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
where is 10:10 Thane local train?  (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
any prob after thane? (sent from Mulund)
what about 10.04 train towards cst at Dombivli (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
what is the matter  (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
What's problem on central railway (sent from Vithalwadi Stn.)
9:56 cst just reached (10:26) at Kalyan... so when will 10:10 will reach  (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
amol where are you  (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
how mucj train are late now (sent from Bhiwandi Road Stn.)
what's the status now  (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
what happen in central line, y there is no train for cst (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
9.56 slow from kalyan where is it..?? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
please update me about thane station. thane cst trains are there or cancelled??
What is the status of 9.58 fast train from kalyan? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
where is fast local 10:05 in dombivali  (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
does any1 knw why trains r late (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
on time? 😂😂 (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
any update on 10.06 kalyan bound local ?? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
what's the train status (sent from Dombivli)
train is on to!e...?
why trn r so late (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
what's the connection (sent from Dombivli)
Any status from Ulhasnagar station?  (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
10.45 from kalyan? (sent from Kalyan)
why there is no announcement about 10:10? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
current status ? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
what is the status of trains going towards Kalyan/Ambernath
what is the status of 8.27 train from karkat to csmt?? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
any news why train are late ?
no trains from kalva last 40 mints what hpn ?  any updates please   (sent from Kalva Stn.)
You msging this at 10:42 so 35 mins already over... what is the current status now  (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
10.27 cancelled... 10.41 kurla at indicator on plt 1..this is how smart these railways are and later claim our trains are not late (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
where is 10:27 train
where is 10:27 train
what about 10:45 dadar (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
what about 10:45 dadar (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
dombivli pasun karjat station paryant kay status aahe? (sent from Nilje)
CR me Kya lafda hai? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
how is this possible sir?. there are no instance of water logged at any station..  (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
why trains are delayed (sent from Mumbra Stn.)
karjat to Dombivali chalu ahet ka train?
11bje ki fast local cst ke liye kaha tk pauchi?  (sent from Kopar Stn.)
10.37 cst fast from titwala what is status? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
where is fast for cst left from Kalyan?
10.37 CST fast from titwala .. where is train exactly now? left Kalyan or not? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
what is status of 9:45 train from karjat (sent from Vangani Stn.)
what is current status of central railway (sent from Titwala Stn.)
what is current status
where is the kasara train  (sent from Titwala Stn.)
आज कल्याण कि और जनवली ट्रेन्स पोरबलं है क्या?
10:37 Titwala Cst Kaha Pahocha hai???  (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
fast Train left from Dombivali?? (sent from Kalva Stn.)
Khopoli local status??? (sent from Parel Stn.)
karjat to cst trains are on time??? 
what is the status of central line??? (sent from Badlapur)
is 11:18 train from badlapur on time?? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
where is 15 coach (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
where is kasara-cst (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
where 11.30 csmt fast (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
where is karjat train? (sent from Kopar Stn.)
is thane to cst train on time? (sent from Thane)
where is 11.46 cstm kalyan (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
trains status from Badlapur to cst, please? 
all down local r runing on time? (sent from Vithalwadi)
kalyan 15 dabba train abhi kidhar hai? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
Kasara to cst trains ka kya status he? time pe he kya? 
trains are in time or not
CSMT ते कल्याण काय स्टेटस आहे..?  (sent from Mulund Stn.)
reached where  (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
what is status from thane to cst (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)
What's the Status From karjat to csmt train
wts d update fr trains towards & frm badlapur?? (sent from Badlapur)
why there are delays in 12:30 pm train which is from karjat to CST FAST PLS  please reply (sent from Mulund)
is thr nybdy who can provide proper update rather thn unnecessary spams (sent from Badlapur)
what is the status of 1.09 kalyan still not on dadar?? (sent from Dadar Stn.)
are trains working towards Kalyan?? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
where is karjat-Thane train 1.01 from Ambarnath  (sent from Ambernath Stn.)
12.21 karjat train????
is it late today???
at what tym is it late??
anyone are fast train running late ? (sent from Churchgate)
can u let me know its at which station currently???
hello....Thana to bhandup chalo hai kya??
where is 1.22 badlapur cst fast?
where is 1:01T from ambernath (sent from Mulund Stn.)
what's the status of 1:19 Ambernath from Ulhasnagar? (sent from Ambernath Stn.)
where is 1.24 csmt train from vangani (sent from Vangani Stn.)
what's the status of the train where it's Puri Kurla train which was supposed to cm.at 8:00 in the morning (sent from Cst Stn.)
dombivali 1:38 kasara csmt fast?  (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
fast?  (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
where is 1:35 cst fast train (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)
where is Pune- lonavala local 
1:31 badlapur local??  (sent from Ambernath Stn.)
status for trains starting from Kasara?
train late? (sent from Sanpada Stn.)
403 kalyan tren where (sent from Nahur Stn.)
 what about the kurla to kyn train at 5.54 , is it on time??? (sent from Govandi Stn.)
where is dombivali train  (sent from Dadar Stn.)
what about slow train from cst (sent from Elphinstone Road Stn.)
what abnormal at Kalyan 
what about Diva Vasai
Train towards asangoan? 
Kurla to Ambarnath trains are running normal?
train r on time? (sent from Elphinstone Road)
how much delay (sent from Elphinstone Road)
where is badlapur fast local (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
situation at thane is good. ? 
udhr kuch hua hai ?
where is khopoli train (sent from Khopoli)
ghatkopar train status ?
what about thane karjat where is it now
what is cst train status. plz confirm 
any updates on vidarbha express? Is it on time ?
are trains late on central line toward Kalyan ? (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)
where is the train any update (sent from Mulund Stn.)
7:04 aasangav fast from vikroli on time? (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)
6.47 thane slow train cancelled? 
7:21 cst train position ? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
Trans are Running on Time?
Dombivli train which comes by 7.47 at Kanjur... any updates?  (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)
where is the local now?  (sent from Kanjur Marg)
???? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
where is cst fast train  (sent from Mulund Stn.)
where is cst fast train did it reached thane  (sent from Mulund Stn.)
is any train issue ?
where is 7:51 Ambernath train (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
Are these official updates by m-Indicator? CST User, Thane User?  (sent from Airoli)
what happened  (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)
8.27 Dadar-Kalyan status? (sent from Dadar Stn.)
8:39 mins slow local for karjat from Kalyan where it's reach (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
Where is 8.30 thane local
what is the status of train from Ghatkopar
where is kasara fast (sent from Vikhroli)
what is the status of cst khopoli fast train? (sent from Mulund Stn.)
where did the khopoli train reach? (sent from Mulund Stn.)
wer did fast local for cst reached? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
any updates for cst fast local? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
express train in schedule or delayed from CST?
Are trains on time towards Kalyan?
devagiri express ?
ambarnath to csmt fast ? (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
where is khopoli now? (sent from Thane)
where's the 15 car Kalyan fast local  (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
where is 9:59 csmt fast local at ulhasanagar (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)
anyone in 10.31 at bhandup fast khopoli train? (sent from Mumbra Stn.)
trains are going till karjat? or not
trains are going till karjat? or not
khopoli trian on Karjat time' 10:41on let to how????
Woh apna karjat fast ho toh usmai gardi Hona jaroori hai kya? (sent from Dombivli)
is there any mega block on Central line on Sunday 8th july?
somebody please tell me where is the last local train of karjat has been reached (sent from Gtb Nagar Stn.)
what happened
which platform up ya dawn (sent from Ambivli Stn.)
Any water logging from Kalyan to Dadar?
now where is this local.. (sent from Airoli Stn.)
are trains running on time? (sent from Thane)
trains are running? (sent from Dombivli)
? (sent from Thakurli Stn.)
? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
how did you escape them?? kaise bache aap unlogo se
up line towards karjat is running? (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
What is the status of karjat fast train ? (sent from Ambernath Stn.)
train from shahad are on time?? (sent from Shahad)
All local going toward karjat from Badlapur to Neral some technical issue all local moving as 10 kmph.. Back to Back karjat local are arrving at Vagani.. 6:19 karjat left know 6:28 has arrvied... at Vagani (sent from Vangani Stn.)
7:04 Thane CST is on time?? (sent from Thane)
Those who are travelling by 6.57 CST fast from Vangani, the train is cancelled today, just announced at Bhivpuri Road... (sent from Bhivpuriroad Stn.)
how about treen (sent from Ghatkopar)
what is the current status for csmt trn from krjat (sent from Vangani Stn.)
kalyan to CST train time p h na????  (sent from Vithalwadi)
7:00 am ...where it reach  (sent from Vangani Stn.)
6:55 Kasara local is running on time or delay? (sent from Turbhe Stn.)
6.51 fast from Dombivali status? (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)
7.15 cstm fast from Badlapur is on time or not ?
what is status of 7:15am Kasara train (At Kuala station) 
What is issue (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
what is the trains status from karjat (sent from Karjat Stn.)
7.32 fast cst from shahad kaha pe hai?? (sent from Shahad Stn.)
what about 7:15 khopoli-cstm fast train status ??? (sent from Badlapur Stn.)
sure 7.15 khopoli-cstm is running behind 7.33 karjat-cstm??? (sent from Badlapur Stn.)
 how to go haji ali dargah from bhayndr? (sent from Bhayander)
खोपोली लोकल उसके पिछे पिछे है क्या?? (sent from Badlapur Stn.)
how much delayed 
how much delayed 
train statas? (sent from Churchgate)
how many let to karjat to cst train
Passenger of between CST and Thane plz avoid fast local as Ambernath And Titwala because for Thane there are many local from CST you can travel safe... It created Tomuch crowded when u catch fast local.. Plz think of others because for Ambernath and Titwala train are in 20 to 25 mins...  (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
? 
plz any one update about ladies spl?? where it is now?? (sent from Vidyavihar Stn.)
where is karjat local ?
what about thane to ambernath.. (sent from Kalva)
is there train problem (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)
what is the problem at Diva?  (sent from Tilak Nagar)
train has stopped near Diva station.Any problem after Diva sation towards Thane??? (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)
Is there any prb on central??my trn is stucked at diva..not moving since from 15 mins (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)
status for 9.29 train from badlapur? (sent from Badlapur Stn.)
aage ji kya situation ?? (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)
सेंट्रल लाइन ला दिवा आणि ठाणे ला काही प्रॉब्लेम झालाय का???
is there any problem at diva trains are not moving ? (sent from Diva Jn)
kya prblm hui hai ? koi bataye plz (sent from Mumbra Stn.)
8.58 from Thane CSMT where it is stuck??  (sent from Thane Stn.)
ghatkopar to thane?? 
are the trains running between mumbra to karjat????
done marol Naka I have to go to domestic airport.... train or can? (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)
train route? (sent from Ghatkopar)
are trains running from Badlapur to Thane?
there is a dead dog on tracks at Kurla station pf. no. 5......whom to contact? (sent from Kurla Stn.)
kanjurmag to Dadar?? what is the status? (sent from Nahur Stn.)
did Thane slow reach Dombivli? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
why 
why today train running late please announcement on train (sent from Kalyan)
where is 9:50 train from shahad??? (sent from Shahad Stn.)
Train are running late... No train means?? 
8:42 min Semi-fast local for Mumbai CST from Kalyan which suppose to reach Dadar at 9:44 it's just crossing Bhandup 
what is issue on Central line (sent from Thane)
Today is my First day of  my new Job.. And my local is late 35 min.. ..I don't know what will happen
does 9.47dadar fast from Kalyan left? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
what is the issue? Why locals are running late?
train aaya kya fir? 
why trains are late in cental line (sent from Mira Road Stn.)
but trains are late, what is the reason  (sent from Mira Road Stn.)
congrats for the new job...best of.luck for that and wel one to mumbai my friend...this is how it works... (sent from Ghatkopar)
Where did badlapur fast bhandup halt reached now?? (sent from Nahur Stn.)
why trains r moving slowly (sent from Ghatkopar)
what is the status of Ambernath-Diva fast train (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)
Does 10.06 train from kalyan Left?  (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
anyone knows why central line is running late??? (sent from Ghatkopar)
where is 10.18 thane train?? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
where is 10.32 fast from Dombivali? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
where is kasara local now? (sent from Thane Stn.)
where is kasara train now ? (sent from Thane Stn.)
what happened to Kashi Express (sent from Dadar)
who cares  (sent from Dadar)
update kasara local?  (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
is there any issue between thane and dadar (sent from Parel Stn.)
is there any issue between Ulhasnagar to Thane  (sent from Vithalwadi Stn.)
need update of Thane - CSMT 10:49? (sent from Tilak Nagar Stn.)
are there escalator available at Thane railway station? (sent from Vile Parle)
10:57 Kasara at thane... where is train now???  (sent from Thane Stn.)
anyone knows where is kasara train?  (sent from Thane)
on each platform?    (sent from Vile Parle)
are trains on time today? (sent from Nahur)
what's the problem (sent from Chunabhatti)
do u have any idea on which platform do mandovi express arrives (sent from Vile Parle)
is escalator available on platform No. 6 in Thane? (sent from Vile Parle)
is there any fast local towards CSMT 
where is kasara local (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
Where is 10.42 badalpur - csmt fast local  at present (sent from Thane Stn.)
?? (sent from Titwala Stn.)
where is 15 car fast train from Dombivali to cstm  (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
has 12.00 train from Thane left? (sent from Nahur Stn.)
11094 mahanagari exp which PLATFROM coming in plz informed me (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
12 pm badlapur train running like snail, she ia still between ulhas nagar and vitthal wadi, what is the problem  (sent from Vithalwadi Stn.)
has karjat left from csmt?  (sent from Dadar Stn.)
which train to board to reach at neral (sent from Bhiwandi Road)
where tha karjat local ? (sent from Airoli Stn.)
how much minutes is the train delayed  (sent from Badlapur)
did 1.31 cst from ambarnath..leave badlapur? (sent from Ambernath Stn.)
1.35 train from Ulhasnagar to CST, where is it at present. (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)
what about the 1.09 CSMT train from ambivli? (sent from Ambivli Stn.)
is any train reaching Kalyan now? (sent from Kalyan)
what is status of down kasara train
how to go Bandra from sakinaka
where is train from karjat to CST (sent from Neral Stn.)
piyush goyal sir kindly take care of trains why are running late always as there no rain also for excuse (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
where is the 1:38 CST diva fast train (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
anyone where is 1.38 CSt fast from Dombivli
where is 1.29 train to go khopoli (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)
any update of kasara cst? it's timing in dombivli is 1:38. and its still hasn't arrived (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
where is 2.03 Amberbath slow? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
any problem between kalyan and titwala?? trains are not moving from last 10 mins. (sent from Ambivli Stn.)
how late are the trains running??? (sent from Jogeshwari)
Central trains dombivili to cst ok?
are trains running on time? (sent from Thane Stn.)
where is now 3.07 Karjat fast from Dadar.... (sent from Vile Parle)
slow train status (nahur - thane)? (sent from Nahur Stn.)
Western Line ka Elphinstone Road name is changed to Prabhadevi..M-Indicator ke new section mein news already diya hua hai..please refer that... 
ठाणे बदलापूर ४.०० आली आहे का ???
karjat train where now (sent from Ambernath Stn.)
ambernath train? (sent from Ambernath Stn.)
where is CSMT fast train of 5.09 from dombivli (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
where is the train (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
4.55 fast from thane how much delay (sent from Thane Stn.)
where is 5:22 kalyan train  (sent from Byculla Stn.)
cst kurla train status? (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)
cst kurla train? (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)
5:30 Vivyavihar to Kalyan ? (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)
train status ?? 
cst kurla train? (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)
what is the status of 5:25 pm cst fast from mulund (sent from Mulund Stn.)
cst kurla train? (sent from Sandhurst Road Stn.)
ambarnath station pe kya hua? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
which train arrive at Dadar St n (sent from Elphinstone Road Stn.)
what does white colour means (sent from Badlapur Stn.)
cwntral trains running on time ? (sent from Marine Lines Stn.)
6.38 ledies spl train gone or not?? (sent from Kurla Stn.)
what about 6.57 titwala train (sent from Dadar Stn.)
6:53 ka Ambarnath, CST se nikla? (sent from Dadar Stn.)
when will Cam kasara for  (sent from Khardi Stn.)
where has 7.21 karjat train  reached (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
what is status of fast train towards cst (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
what is the current status?
where is khopoli train (sent from Currey Road Stn.)
where is cst yrain (sent from Badlapur Stn.)
what is the status of 8.31 Ambarnath from thane. (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
dombivli slow were it is reached currently?
how about mumbra to kalyan. pls let me know if trains r on time
kasara to thane local train time for  next 4 hour ?please
where is Karjat train?  (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
where is 9.51 karjat (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
where is khapoli to cst
10.07 from kalyan is how much late (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
10.07 fast train towards cst   is running late how much time (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
what is the status of 10:20 कल्याण fast from ghatkoper (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
where is karjat train? 10.29 @Kalyan (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
where is where is khopoli train ? 
khopoli? (sent from Seawood Darave)
where is khopoli train 
I have a confirmed ticket for Mangalore. in the train coach seat position it shows seats till 64 and I have confirmed ticket 66, 67, 69 and 70. coach no. B1. which is right let me know (sent from Santa Cruz)
where is Kalyan to CSTM fast train now?
where it reached now? (sent from Thane Stn.)
where is khopoli fast? (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)
I'm at gadkari rangayatan Thane and I want to go to sanpda what are my options at this time? (sent from Sanpada Stn.)
12:43 karjat kuthe pochli??? (sent from Andheri)
is there anyone online??  (sent from Vile Parle)
cst to karjat train?? Kaha pohchi (sent from Mahim Jn Stn.)
is there any train for CST (sent from Sion Stn.)
where is Karjat local  (sent from Kopar)
where is last karjat local pls (sent from Mulund)
y the mail route is changed? (sent from Dombivli)
where  the fast train? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
where is fast train nw?( sent from dombivli stn) (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
are trains running on time??? every day at 7:30 i am facing train problem from kurla (sent from Gtb Nagar)
left?? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
where is kasara train now (sent from Shahad Stn.)
6.30 train at dadar? (sent from Kurla Stn.)
where is cst fast train? 6.43 from kalyan? (sent from Kalva Stn.)
kasara local is on time ? (sent from Mulund Stn.)
kasara local update anyone ? (sent from Mulund Stn.)
where is 7 train from vitthalwadi (sent from Vithalwadi Stn.)
सेंट्रल रेल्वेला काही गोंधळ आहे का? (sent from Thane Stn.)
is there any issue. 7.50 Thane - CST local hault at Thane only (sent from Thane Stn.)
Is there any issue near thane station????  Local is halted at thane...
Is there any issue near thane station????  Local is halted at thane...
at what station is the cst fast (sent from Mulund Stn.)
Is there any problem at Thane station? (sent from Thane Stn.)
why train is halted in thane 
Is there any issue around thane ?  (sent from Thane Stn.)
why has train stopped near thane? (sent from Thane Stn.)
but what is reason 
why are Holt  near by Thane (sent from Thane Stn.)
what is problem at thane station (sent from Kalva)
what happen
nakki kay zalay?
pls confirm some one what happened at thane station (sent from Kalva)
people don't what happened. call 138 and take the information 
is this really true (sent from Thane Stn.)
but why train stop ?  (sent from Kalva)
what kind accident? (sent from Kalva Stn.)
accident kya hua? real hai ya fake? (sent from Shahad)
what kind of issue...?? (sent from Thane)
what kind of accident? (sent from Kalva)
what happened?? (sent from Bhandup Stn.)
what kind? (sent from Kalva Stn.)
what kind of accident?
why (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
why (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
6.23 slow train from kalyan has reached thane now.. what non sense  (sent from Thane Stn.)
why are train late today (sent from Vithalwadi)
Trains are late.. Anyone aware why?  (sent from Bhandup Stn.)
why are train leat in CST local  (sent from Bhandup Stn.)
How many time take to reach mughal sarai..?
train late hai kya guys?
khopoli to thane fast trains time on evening ??
Where in 7:08 kasara (sent from Ghatkopar)
what is the position of train now 
trains late hai kya?
are train from mulund to badlapur on time???
what about fast trains ?? (sent from Kalva)
when will it arrive kalyan
are trains on time? (sent from Dombivli)
What is issue  (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
amber nath to vat working normal? (sent from Ambernath)
what is the reason  (sent from Mulund Stn.)
but what is the problem (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
why RIP
karjat train status? ?
what is problems near kalwa station
kaha pe ? (sent from Kalva Stn.)
what is problem 
What is the status of slow locals (sent from Kurla)
where is 7.18 kalyan cst train
what is porablm  (sent from Airoli)
what was problem?
are trains late?  (sent from Matunga Stn.)
 what about central railway
ye central ka hi chat hai (sent from Shahad)
y are trains late???  (sent from Chinchpokli Stn.)
what is the status of the train...in central line...
what is the delay time of the central line train
what is the status of kalwa station...
any happens 
thane me inta Traffic kyu hai on the way to station?
same questions local are working or not.... train are late. what...??? Same questions plz type... plz scroll up. and watch messages (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
who is their at ghatkopar station (sent from Ghatkopar)
what is status of 7:57 csmt slow train from Kalyan? (sent from Ghatkopar)
what's problem. why titwala to csmt (7.21am) fast local stopped between two station. (sent from Diva Jn)
thane station what problam  (sent from Dadar Stn.)
all good? (sent from Kalva Stn.)
trains running normal? 
good morning update central line running on the time today?
What's the update of 8:09 karjat train (sent from Badlapur Stn.)
train late ahai ka???? (sent from Kalva Stn.)
is there any train available on Friday during afternoon
what r d timings
are trains running from karjat on time? (sent from Neral Stn.)
is it true ? (sent from Kurla Stn.)
wat happened again ? (sent from Dombivli)
status of Dombivali to Thane ? (sent from Kopar)
where has train reached (sent from Shahad)
Replying to @dedhiadilip @GM_CRly and 6 others

It was due to unfortunate case of tresspasser run over (TPRO) on Thane UP local line at around 7 am for which the train was detained till 7.15 and then gradually the bunching was also cleared. We repeatedly request commuters not to risk life. Please us
Replying to @dedhiadilip @GM_CRly and 6 others

It was due to unfortunate case of tresspasser run over (TPRO) on Thane UP local line at around 7 am for which the train was detained till 7.15 and then gradually the bunching was also cleared. We repeatedly request commuters not to risk life. Please us
how much late 
where is khopoli train? (sent from Ambernath)
why (sent from Khandeshwar)
whAt is position (sent from Dombivli)
Kalyan ki taraf jaane wali trains time pe hai??? (sent from Elphinstone Road Stn.)
where is khopoli local (sent from Ambernath Stn.)
what about fast Kasara train 8:59 from ghatkopar (sent from Chembur)
wat happened?
private company ? to set up one more ambani and adaani? (sent from Thakurli Stn.)
y?  (sent from Kopar Stn.)
is the trains are running on time
what's the status of train for bhandup. ? (sent from Badlapur)
is there any problem  towards cst?  (sent from Mankhurd Stn.)
why trains are delayed by 10 to 15 min i m from bhanduo (sent from Bhandup Stn.)
anyone , anyone?? (sent from Ghatkopar)
Where is the ansangaon fast local (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
so what we will get better service (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
why the trains are being so late in central railway can anyone plz acknowledge...!!! (sent from Charni Road)
can anyone tell me where is 9:15 cst fast from Titwala (sent from Titwala Stn.)
amt


a

is there any issues on central slow line?
what is central railway policr helpline number (sent from Kanjur Marg)
What  (sent from Borivali Stn.)
9.14 cst fast frm thane lft?  (sent from Mulund Stn.)
आज पण मध्य रेल्वे लेट का आहे रेल्वे कडून काही पण सांगितले जात नाही कारण काय आहे ? (sent from Bhandup Stn.)
9:47 kalyan Dadar 15 car status? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
why are trains so late and are getting cancelled today (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
10 _15 min late..?1 person fell down at mulund (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
why is 8.14 and 8.47 getting cancelled everyday? (sent from Marine Lines Stn.)
9:47 Kalyan status?  (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
9:47 Dadar fast from Kalyan status?  (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
Is there traffic in Thane-Dadar train at 8:15 on any day? (sent from Thane)
what is the use of these messages 
is there any problem in central railway? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
is there any problem in central railway? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
10:32 fast towards cstm..  Any uodate?  (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
10.10 kasara left from kasara station or not? (sent from Asangaon)
left from kalyan? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
what abt ambernath fast via Bhandup; is late.....? (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)
iam in airoli now kya muze 10.52 की thane - cst milegi?  (sent from Airoli Stn.)
is 11.05 train on time from Shahad??  (sent from Shahad)
where is train  (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
where is 10.37 frm titwala to cst train now
where is train  (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
train on time? 
why?? on platform no. 1 (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
where has 11:48 cstm fast local reached???
what is the train status of 12.37 thane train from neral (sent from Neral Stn.)
why late 🙁 (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
why late??😢 (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
Any update on Dombivali cst fast train?  (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
what is the price for train pass (sent from Dadar)
how to status of fast train in down side (sent from Dadar Stn.)
what is the price of Badlapur to mulund train pass (sent from Nahur)
Lokmanya tilak tarmines means which station? 
Hi.. Anyone here who has a friend named Khimil Soni ? (Perhaps a CA student from Dombivli)
He has left his bag with laptop in local train! 
If you know then Pls call me on 9167082081..

& Forward this to your friends staying in Thane/Dombivli (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
trains are working fine? (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)
lokmanyatilak to Haridwar down 12271 will be come on which platform in kalyan
where is 15 rake Kalyan fast local (sent from Dadar Stn.)
kay zale aaj Thane Station la?  (sent from Dadar Stn.)
This msg is circulating on what's up also.
I got same msg on 3-4 groups. Please inform if you returned the bag to owner. (sent from Dadar Stn.)
what is status of 5:17 cstm train from kasara
trains status ??
5:18 titwala??? (sent from Thane Stn.)
ghatkopar..Badlapur train abhi tak nhi aaye hai..??  (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
same what happens at mulund  (sent from Bhandup Stn.)
what's problem? (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
don't know when they will run trains on timr (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
there has been an incident near kural-sion station that's y trains are late (sent from Mulund)
where accident happened  (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)
Namrata, now where is your train  (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)
my train was the last one which ran ontime  (sent from Mulund)
where is now 6.51 thane-badlapur slow train (sent from Thane Stn.)
What train on ghatkopar plat form 3? (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
where is 7.32 karjat train (sent from Ambernath Stn.)
i just want to complaint about the ladies who catch tarins for dombivali... 
asangao train me chadh jaati hai .. or fir jinko kalyan ke aage utarna hota hai wo reh jaati hai... or dombivali ke ladies daadagiri karke door pe latak ke rehti hai
Hi.. Anyone here who has a friend named Khimil Soni ? (Perhaps a CA student from Dombivli)
He has left his bag with laptop in local train! 
If you know then Pls call me on 9167082081..

& Forward this to your friends staying in Thane/Dombivli (sent from Lower Parel)
15 dabba Kalyan fast kaha hai? (sent from Ghatkopar)
why the frequency of the train of titwala asangaon kasara are less than badlapur nd karjat? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
what is the status of 8:18 CST Thane local? cancelled or running? (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)
where is the 7:55 kalyan 15 Coach train (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
Dombivli se 7:33 ka cat fast Nikal Gaya hai kya koi update de sakta hai kya ???  (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)
Is it packed...? (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
CST Thane 8:18 local cancelled or running? plz update (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)
where is 8:08 ambernath (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
where is Thane badlapur slow train (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)
9 01 khopoli fast left from dadar? (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
where does titwala train reached?
where does titwala train reached?
is there crowd in ambrnath side trains (sent from Kalyan)
where is kalyan fast reached.?? (sent from Dadar Stn.)
where is 9:58 khopoli reached?
status of Kasara Train anyone please??? (sent from Vadala Road Stn.)
kasara train kuthe aahe? (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
Where Is 11.42 khopoli fast from ghatkopar  (sent from Shahad)
train is on time ? (sent from Mulund Stn.)
who lost laptop call above cell number 9167082081 (sent from Thakurli Stn.)
last train update for cst?? (sent from Diva Jn)
Anyone please tell ,1st train & timing from Nallasopara to Kopar ,in the morning ? (sent from Nalla Sopara)
is there today trains for asangaon..
what is the train status (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)
?  (sent from Koparkhairne Stn.)
fast train from karjat ? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
khopoli to csmt fast anybody knows where it is? (sent from Ambernath Stn.)
khopoli to csmt train is where pls tell anyine (sent from Shahad Stn.)
is it late?  (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
just ambernath aaya?  (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
where is fast train reach ! khopoli to csmt  (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
ya yar , where it is ??? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
Train running on time?
why (sent from Kurla)
what happen  (sent from Tilak Nagar Stn.)
kurla to Matunga what's Problem  (sent from Kurla)
what problem CR line 
6.34 Titwala train kahaa pahuchi???  (sent from Thakurli Stn.)
kya Siraj bhai ?? (sent from Sion Stn.)
train from thane to badlapur side ok? (sent from Thane)
those who want to go to cst travel from Harbor line from kurla (sent from Chunabhatti)
anyone know the reason?? (sent from Kurla)
why trains are late today???? (sent from Dadar Stn.)
6.45 fast CSMT from Kalyan status?  (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
aaj subah Se Sion to csmt ka problem hai. 6.14 ki train 6.48 ko bhi nahi aayi,  Koi announcement bhi nahi hua? any problems?  (sent from Sion Stn.)
why
what's the problem (sent from Kurla Stn.)
is there some problem between Kurla and Sion? (sent from Vidyavihar)
what's the problem ?? (sent from Dadar Stn.)
what is the problem
what's the problem  (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
???? (sent from Vidyavihar Stn.)
are the trains not stopping at kurla ?? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
are all slow trains divertted to fast? (sent from Thakurli Stn.)
why the trains so slow today? (sent from Kurla)
are they fast trains towards csmt are running??  (sent from Kurla Stn.)
is there any movement of slow train? (sent from Tilak Nagar)
why has train stopped at kurla (sent from Tilak Nagar)
why train stop before Ghatli par station (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
what problem at kurla (sent from Ghatkopar)
why slow local is stucked  before kurla station  (sent from Tilak Nagar)
where has 6.51 fast local from dombivli reached now ? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
how does it affects local??? (sent from Tilak Nagar)
means there will be no slow train? (sent from Cst Stn.)
why what happen (sent from Cst Stn.)
what is problem (sent from Badlapur Stn.)
slow or Fast ??? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
6.45 CST Fast status ?????  (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
has 6.45 fast trn arrived at kalyan ? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
what is status of fast train (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
A man has come under the train near Sion station thats why slow line is affected, fast line moving on time  (sent from Kings Circle)
status of trains towards CST from dombivli? (sent from Dombivli)
who told about this (sent from Chunabhatti Stn.)
slow train chalu hogi kya 7:30 tak? central Line Ki? (sent from Cst Stn.)
thane to cstm train chalu aahet ka? (sent from Thane)
Kalyan user whr is fast train? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
is slow is which completely affected ..which is not running (sent from Sion Stn.)
I am in fast train from ghatkopar to dadar when I saw that man on tracks marr pada nrar sion (sent from Matunga Road Stn.)
someone died?  (sent from Thane Stn.)
why train are stopped from sion to mulund  (sent from Matunga Stn.)
what about status of central line fast track (sent from Bhivpuriroad Stn.)
Are trains going to CSMT fine ? (sent from Dombivli)
is there any issue between kurla and sion (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
are slow trains going from Dadar to Kurla fine?? (sent from Thane Stn.)
are trains SLOW  from VIDYAVIHAR TO CST fine ? (sent from Vidyavihar)
Are all CSMT trains stopping at Dadar ? (sent from Dombivli)
Guys , are the trains running up and fine ? (sent from Dombivli)
update about Kurla to Govandi?  (sent from Dombivli)
Really? (sent from Badlapur Stn.)
Status of fast trains going CSMT?? (sent from Dombivli)
fast trains are running ok ? (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)
is the fast train raning 
what is the current status of local from Thane to csmt?? r they running well ??  (sent from Koparkhairne Stn.)
Are fast trains arriving at Kurla? (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
Sion var thambli train?  (sent from Kanjur Marg)
is there any problem between Kurla and vidyavihar station??? (sent from Thane Stn.)
Is there any issues for fast train...? (sent from Kalva Stn.)
train chalu hai Kya? (sent from Bhandup)
why are fast cst stopping at Sion ? (sent from Sion Stn.)
trains r halted? (sent from Nahur Stn.)
are trains to nerul working? (sent from Dombivli)
Are the trains working from Badlapur to Thane? (sent from Badlapur)
why this slow this train (sent from Vikhroli)
what about fast train? 
what's the status??
what happened? (sent from Thane Stn.)
fast Train to Kalyan?  (sent from Grant Road)
got to know about some technical glitch between Kurla and vidyavihar. are trains running on time? 
what problem kurla station?? (sent from Asangaon Stn.)
What is the current status  (sent from Elphinstone Road)
is it recommended to travel from Nahur to CST today? (sent from Airoli)
where is it changing it's track? (sent from Nahur Stn.)
sure?  (sent from Kanjur Marg)
y trains are too late ? (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)
is the problem got resolved (sent from Ambivli Stn.)
sure?  (sent from Kanjur Marg)
Have train started Now? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
what is a status of down trains? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
abhi bhi ruk rhe h trains..still not working?? (sent from Sandhurst Road Stn.)
What Happend on v vihar stion (sent from Sion Stn.)
any idea regarding 7:04 fast train from thane to CST ? (sent from Thane Stn.)
seriously???!!! (sent from Thane Stn.)
cst chalu ahi ka? (sent from Airoli)
why train late (sent from Kurla Stn.)
vidyavihar to kurla technical issue on which line (sent from Badlapur)
I think today's maharashtra band that's y (sent from Sion Stn.)
karjat CSMT train kaha hai???
pls tell me badlapur status ?? (sent from Badlapur)
wat abt khopoli train  7.42? (sent from Dadar Stn.)
is there any problem between kurla and sion
then why central line is too late (sent from Sion Stn.)
are trains started well after ghatkoar now?
what's the prob. bet'n Vidyavihar and Kurla? (sent from Thane)
bullet train kaha chalayega Ghar pe ? (sent from Diva Jn)
whyy this problem?? (sent from Kalva)
is there any problem upto thane (sent from Vithalwadi Stn.)
kamala jau ki nko frnds? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
Are trains on time today to go to dadar from vikhroli!? (sent from Vikhroli)
is there any latest update abt train ?? (sent from Nahur Stn.)
from kalyan to bhandup what is the status of trains
??
will slow train 6.58 from Ulhasnagar stop at Matunga?  (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)
slow local are running or not.? (sent from Badlapur)
is problem resolved? (sent from Ghatkopar)
is there any problem upto thane (sent from Vithalwadi Stn.)
are slow trains to ghatkopar on ? (sent from Sion Stn.)
there's a technical problem between vidyavihar and Kurla? 
Ghatkopar ka aage problem hai kya ?? (sent from Badlapur)
Sion m Slow Train Chal rh h ?
what abt stations between matunga and kurla (sent from Matunga Road Stn.)
6:50 karjat is on time.?  (sent from Badlapur)
is there any problem from Mulund to Parel?  (sent from Nahur Stn.)
from down side (kasara ) there is no train any issue ?  (sent from Vasind Stn.)
7.50 karjat train on  time??
train updates from Nahur? (sent from Airoli)
Any delay in central line? (sent from Kopar Stn.)
train issue hai kya ??? (sent from Thane Stn.)
How much time taking train for kurla to dadar
Are slow trains  running from thane?
ka re baba??
Is there any delay of train from kopar to thane
what about train status from kalyan to dadar
trains are regular from ambernath to thane..? (sent from Vithalwadi)
is there any issue with the central line  (sent from Kurla Stn.)
is there any train issues for train running towards CSTf from dadar (sent from Sandhurst Road Stn.)
?  (sent from Kurla Stn.)
what is issue? (sent from Chunabhatti Stn.)
where is 7.35 thane train?  (sent from Nahur Stn.)
?  (sent from Kurla Stn.)
is there a problem with the trains at kurla  (sent from Vile Parle Stn.)
any problems from badlapur to thane? (sent from Badlapur)
why trains are delayed moving towards badlapur (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
dombivali to CST any delay? (sent from Dombivli)
6:10 ki ambernath train thana se ruk ruk ke chal rahi he abhi kurla me ruki he kuch problem ho gaya he ky? ? ?  (sent from Tilak Nagar Stn.)
what's the updates of kurla and dadar towards CSMT  (sent from Ghansoli Stn.)
any update from ulhasnagar stn? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
why trains are late (sent from Dadar Stn.)
trains are slow but running right? (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
what status of cst to badlapur (sent from Chembur Stn.)
any trains from Kurla to Dadar ? (sent from Thakurli Stn.)
Is there some issue between Kurla and Vikroli station  (sent from Kings Circle Stn.)
are train running from thabe to cst?  (sent from Thane)
Hey guys whether trains r running from Ghatkopar to CSMT? (sent from Titwala)
problem is in down line n?  (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
train from Kalyan to cst is working? (sent from Kalyan)
status of Karjat to Thane?  (sent from Bhivpuriroad)
is there any issue between ambernath to Ghatkopar (sent from Ambernath)
what is train status (sent from Mumbra Stn.)
trains from mulund to kalyan r they working? (sent from Mulund Stn.)
train from cst to ghatkopar is working? (sent from Reay Road Stn.)
Is the kurla train issue solve? (sent from Thakurli)
will train halt at vidyavihar then? (sent from Thane)
how much is th delay? (sent from Thakurli)
Office la jaayla nakki nighaych ka??
whats the issue? (sent from Ghatkopar)
is slow train are working from thane to kanjurmarg? (sent from Kalva Stn.)
Tuti huyi track par. . . band signal ke sath. . . kyu nahi chalegi. . . jab mumbai se ahmdabad chal sakti hai to central line me kyu nahi chal sakti.. . . ???.  
Kalyan to Dadar any update? (sent from Kalyan)
where is 7.19 fast local from Karjat to CST, now ?? where did it reached? how late it is? (sent from Badlapur Stn.)
Does slow train stop at Vidyavihar ?? (sent from Airoli)
kurla station la paus ahe ka? mi छत्री visarloy ghari (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
are trains running from dadar to kurla?
Are trains working from dadar ? (sent from Byculla Stn.)
slow trains r having problem ? (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
what is issue  (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)
Kalyan to thane is working ok??
where is the issue ??? (sent from Bhandup Stn.)
Is there any problem in train's between vidyavihar to kurla
what is the status of Dombivli thane local trins (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
what is current status (sent from Mulund Stn.)
7:50 Ambarnath? (sent from Kurla Stn.)
kurla sion train chalu hai kya ? (sent from Govandi)
status of 8:18thane train? (sent from Kalyan)
Any update from  bhandup stn? (sent from Bhandup)
 what th problem with train (sent from Bhandup Stn.)
why train delay today
why train delay today
yaaar Kal bhi problem aaj bhi problem! wtf is going on? (sent from Mulund Stn.)
is Thane train from bdalpur late? (sent from Kalyan)
train? (sent from Bhandup Stn.)
hello... is there any problem between vidyavihar kurla on slow tracks?
vidyalay station naya bana hai ka bhai ?☺️☺️☺️
what happens to kurla station 
what about thane train? (sent from Kalyan)
so trains are running or not? 
what is currently status on down Tran  (sent from Dativali Stn.)
is there problem trains toward asangaon?? (sent from Thane Stn.)
which side have problems...Up or Down? (sent from Dadar Stn.)
badlapur train 7.46 from thane? were is (sent from Thane Stn.)
cst Thane chalu h kya? (sent from Elphinstone Road Stn.)
where is problem ??  (sent from Dadar Stn.)
why to trin stustas (sent from Dombivli)
trains chalu hai kya barabar??
Badlapur fast train? (sent from Bhandup Stn.)
is there a problem for slow train near kurla (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
what's problem of train near kurla
kahe ka solve..? still westing my time in slow train..!  (sent from Sion Stn.)
which Train👍 (sent from Dadar Stn.)
really where our tax Money goes ?~ only during and After elections ..
any problems? with trains
Are slow trains starting from Thane running or cancelled? (sent from Airoli Stn.)
trains are late.. but which train did not arrived yet woh bhi bolo (sent from Juinagar Stn.)
is 7:42 Ambernath @,mulund is behind titwala? (sent from Mulund Stn.)
is Fast trains issue from Ambarnath to CST..??  (sent from Ambernath Stn.)
where is ladies special (sent from Dativali Stn.)
what is status of khopoli train? (sent from Kalva Stn.)
what is problem  (sent from Dadar Stn.)
Are trains working form thane to CST???
any major issues??? (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
Is there some signal issue in Kurla? Heard trains are running late because of that. Just started from Kalyan (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
7:45  fast train for Kalyan not arrived at Kurla?let us know the status (sent from Kurla Stn.)
you need oxford for this basic grammar? 😂 (sent from Thakurli Stn.)
are trains halting at vidyavihar???? pls confirm!?? (sent from Thakurli)
kurla to dadr slow line wrking? (sent from Vikhroli)
why trains are slow  (sent from Kurla)
why are trains late from Cst? 
is there any problem genion problem for the slow trains ??? (sent from Kanjur Marg)
No problem for fast trains right ?
hii train barabar chalu ahi Kya??? (sent from Mulund Stn.)
are thane locals running late?
what is Ohe (sent from Chinchpokli Stn.)
ask not what country has given you tell me what you have given two different and it is nothing else but that tax (sent from Kharghar Stn.)
any update? (sent from Mankhurd Stn.)
hi all ...any update of central trains?? (sent from Koparkhairne)
Bhai any fast trains from kalyan.? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
what is thane to csmt slow train's status? (sent from Ghansoli Stn.)
status of trains from kalyan ? (sent from Kalyan)
are kurla form ghatkhoper trains working?
Sion to vidyavihar me kuch problem hai Kya? (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)
trains are dancing between vidya bihar and sion station  that is why it's late by 20 mins  (sent from Byculla Stn.)
Trains are working ?  (sent from Shahad)
where is ladies special (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
any problem between Sion and Kurla ??? (sent from Thakurli Stn.)
what about semi fast train?? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
is their any problem near Matunga?? (sent from Nerul)
khopoli train ?? (sent from Kurla Stn.)
are train working from thane towards cst??
wht is the status at Vidya vihar?
what's the status at kurla (sent from Kurla Stn.)
what is the status of 8.14 from Dombivali to CSTM semi fast (sent from Kopar Stn.)
what is the status for 8:42 train dadr ambernath (sent from Currey Road)
what happened today why trains are late (sent from Masjid Stn.)
anybody at cst ??? byculla ?? khopoli fast train hai kya aaj (sent from Kurla Stn.)
what is the status of fast train from ambernath  (sent from Ambernath)
are trains from kurla running?
Today it's a bandh called by Maratha groups in Maharashtra, just heard about it. is it true? (sent from Badlapur)
why r trains late nd going slow frm ghatkopar???? on slow track  (sent from Gtb Nagar Stn.)
is any problem with trains today ... (sent from Kurla Stn.)
where
khopoli train status? (sent from Mulund Stn.)
who told you? (sent from Andheri)
fast track suru aahe ke slow? 
are train from thane to kalyan running?
Problem has solved? what is the status ? (sent from Belapur Cbd Stn.)
Kalyan CSMT ladies special status kya hai?  (sent from Mulund)
what is the status of 8:22 Khopoli fast local from Dombivli? (sent from Thakurli Stn.)
dombivili train kidr he ? (sent from Bhandup Stn.)
8.06 khopoli from Mulund train status ? (sent from Mulund Stn.)
what is the condition from dombivali towards kurla? (sent from Dombivli)
animesh makhija - karan israni, ulhasnagat ?
what the reason train are late (sent from Thane Stn.)
where is khopoli train (sent from Thane Stn.)
what are live status from vidya vihar to kurla station . Did problem solved or not
Is central line is running fine ? (sent from Dombivli)
w r khopoli? (sent from Mulund Stn.)
trains at bhandup ? (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)
where is it (sent from Mulund Stn.)
khopoli status from Mulund ? (sent from Mulund Stn.)
Now what is the status of central line  (sent from Bhandup)
8.34 Kalyan to CST is on time?
why trains from thane to cst not coming? (sent from Bhandup Stn.)
thane se 8:25 CST fast platform 4 se jaati hai na? 
khopoli? (sent from Thane Stn.)
w r khopoli train? (sent from Mulund Stn.)
update of kp trn? (sent from Badlapur Stn.)
anyone from Badlapur stn ?
train ka kuch problem hua he Kya...? (sent from Dombivli)
any track problem between Ghatkopar and Kurla??? (sent from Kopar Stn.)
Badlapur to CST trains ?
8:07 Badlapur kaha hai? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
khopoli left from kurla? (sent from Mulund Stn.)
trains r running fine ???? (sent from Nahur)
is that very easy? 😂you stop using train than saying this (sent from Byculla Stn.)
kurla to Parel slow train is working?  (sent from Elphinstone Road Stn.)
काय अपडेट आहे ? विद्यविहार शीव कुर्ला सर्व ठीक का? (sent from Bandra)
is the problem solved?  (sent from Govandi Stn.)
कुर्ला ते cst लोकल slow आहेत का ??
trains  r working smoothly?
is kurla to thane down working tine?  (sent from Panvel)
are trains stopping at Vidyavihar? while going from Kurla
status of vidyavihar?
cst trains are on time ? (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)
still trains are late?
why are trains are late towards down (sent from Mulund Stn.)
 what was the issue any ideas for delay trains
how are trains from Thane towards CST
why Maharashtra Band?????? (sent from Reay Road Stn.)
trains from vikhroli to thane on time ?? (sent from Vikhroli)
why the hell trains are late now n then every day even though there is no rain...just saying "asuvidha ke liye Hume kheed hai" doesn't solves our problems...indian railway must be the worst railways in world (sent from Thane Stn.)
whether kurla to cst trains are working ? (sent from Tilak Nagar Stn.)
what's the status of 8:36 local from Thane to CST ? (sent from Thane Stn.)
is  train problem solved?? (sent from Ghatkopar)
there is issue with central line between kurla and sion. coz of that reason central lines are not running properly. railways officials says they are traying to resolve asap but dunoo how much it will take. yesterday at nahur and today at kurla what these railway officials are doing nobody knows. 
dombivali te bhandup trains neat ahet ka? (sent from Dombivli)
its train running or not? (sent from Nalla Sopara Stn.)
w r khopoli? (sent from Mulund Stn.)
is 8.36 thane local cancelled?? or there? (sent from Mulund Stn.)
kurla to csmt chalu hai kya? (sent from Nerul Stn.)
up or down? (sent from Tilak Nagar)
?? (sent from Mulund Stn.)
central trains are running or not?? (sent from Vidyavihar)
maharashtra Band ahe aaj any update?  (sent from Thakurli)
where is khopoli fast ....pls update (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
8.34 kalyan to cst location? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
what's going on why are trains late at central 
8:16 from ghatkopar?? (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
why are trains late at central 
any updates on Maharashtra bandh?  (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)
what about down trains.. (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)
train from kopar to kalyan no train.any updates? (sent from Kopar Stn.)
trains are on time? (sent from Mulund Stn.)
8:20 asangaon from vikhroli where is this  (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)
what has happened between kurla and sion (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)
are the services on time?  (sent from Mulund)
did the 8:18 thane train leave mulund?
what's the current train status? (sent from Nahur)
kalyan to thane tarin are time????? 
due to what  (sent from Ambernath Stn.)
what abut khopoli...  (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
since yday nite slow trains r running pathetically from Kurla to thane. It tuk 1hour40 mins to rch frm Byculla to thane. So it's not resolved yet. Are fast trains running on tym??! 
why 8:44 Ambernath to CST is late, means why? (sent from Ambernath Stn.)
omg ..still it's on Thane? ..!!! (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
Hi guys, Whether fast trns running properly on tym??? (sent from Airoli Stn.)
why 8.44 from ambernath is late today (sent from Ambernath Stn.)
what is about 8.34 from Kalyan to cst  (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
what happened  (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
8.41 frm amb? (sent from Ambernath Stn.)
y??  (sent from Ambernath Stn.)
where is asangaon train
are Thane trains cancelled? (sent from Bhandup Stn.)
any update for thane to Cst train ?  (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
is Der any issue? (sent from Ambernath Stn.)
what's d issue...?? platform crowded at dombivali (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
where is khopoli train ?  (sent from Ambernath Stn.)
where is khopoli local (sent from Ambernath Stn.)
where is ambernath train now  (sent from Ambernath Stn.)
where is khopli train ? (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)
where is Titwala local (sent from Titwala Stn.)
where is khopoli??  (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
where is khopoli train ? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
where is khopoli local (sent from Ambernath Stn.)
What's the issue , why trains are late
where is khopoli train??? (sent from Ambernath Stn.)
what about khopoli train at 8.22 from dombivali station ? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
can anyone tell me please why this is happening?? whats the problem (sent from Ambernath Stn.)
which stn trains are running slow
9.00 am thane to cstm fast any update? (sent from Thane)
train is running on time? (sent from Ambernath Stn.)
why train is late today in central line? any idea? 
towards thane ???? (sent from Vikhroli)
Is the train from thane to cst working?  (sent from Mulund Stn.)
what abt ठाणे cst 9am train (sent from Thane Stn.)
sinhgad thane rukti hai Kya? (sent from Ambernath Stn.)
Is anyone returning back from Mulund in 9 am Thane CST fast local? Kindly let me know the status y that train. No announcement is made on Thane station yet
Kurla Byculla? (sent from Juinagar Stn.)
trains are not are time or what (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)
what's the status from thane to dadar 
why trains are running late on Central railway line  (sent from Badlapur)
ghatkopar to kurla train status????
karjat train gayi kya thane se? (sent from Thane Stn.)
khopoli local status? (sent from Badlapur Stn.)
trains are late????
why central trains are late?  (sent from Ambernath Stn.)
why trains are running late? (sent from Badlapur Stn.)
is Badlapur to Dadar left from Badlapur? (sent from Ambernath Stn.)
on what time 8.53 local reach to mlnd to thane (sent from Mulund Stn.)
what is the train status from ambevali
what's pblm at cr railway? (sent from Nahur)
what is the issue on central railway. trains late
kurla to ght???? (sent from Kurla)
any problem with trains today??
what is the latest position of khopoli local? (sent from Ambernath Stn.)
what is posion of 8.22am khopoli local at Dombivali (sent from Thakurli)
where is Amberanth to cst 8.24 train (sent from Thane Stn.)
kp kaha hai? (sent from Ambernath Stn.)
does anyone know what has happened??? (sent from Ambernath)
what about khopoli & karjat route?
what about trains towards cst are they moving ahead from kurla
slow trains r working or not?? (sent from Ambernath Stn.)
status from Thane and CST please? (sent from Nahur Stn.)
what's the issue 
trains are late??? (sent from Dombivli)
khopoli local any update ? (sent from Badlapur Stn.)
what's the status of train of central line (sent from Mulund)
khopoli ka? (sent from Badlapur Stn.)
9 chi fast trn kute ahe badlapur chi?
what is the status of trns (sent from Thakurli)
is any trains on central line?? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
kya slow train chalu hai???? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
asangaon train ahe ka..?
are thane to cst slow trains from platform no 1 running or cancelled?  (sent from Kalva)
ट्रेन लेट बाबत काही अपडेट??
Problem kay ahe te tari sanga??? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
9.10 Thane from titwla??? (sent from Titwala Stn.)
dadar trn nikla kya badlapur se? (sent from Ambernath Stn.)
how much time will be rltrain late (sent from Bhandup)
what's the issue 
but what problems? 
what is the problem in central line (sent from Mumbra Stn.)
asangaon train ahe ka..?
what happened in central? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
wht abt badlapur dadar ???train Status (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)
why are the trains late? what is the problem with cenrtral line, does anyone knows?  (sent from Thakurli)
hi, why trains are late? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
any update about khopoli train??
is 9:30am train from thane Station platform number 1 cancelled?  (sent from Kalva)
is the central lines down trains r late?  (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)
what has happened ahead from kurla stn towards cst
are platform number 1 trains cancelled or running?  (sent from Kalva)
are central line towards kalyan running? (sent from Goregaon Stn.)
what is the situation at Badlapur ? (sent from Badlapur Stn.)
train status for central? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
everything good at thane? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
where is sihagad? not yet arrived (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
whats is  the status slow train? (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)
how is the situation between vidyavihar and dadar (sent from Vidyavihar Stn.)
why trains are late (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
what about slow trains from platform number 1? (sent from Kalva)
tasgaonkar college chalu hai Kya? (sent from Dombivli)
trains from vidyavihar to dadar? are they running fine or is there some technical issue  (sent from Vidyavihar Stn.)
why trains are late today 
thane se train ka kya status hai ? kitna late hai ? aur thane se cst ke loye chutne vali train chalu hai ya band hai ??
what about trains from platform number 1?are they cancelled?  (sent from Kalva)
any idea about delay in trains from badlapur to kalyan? (sent from Kalyan)
Aaj train aaegi ya nahi ?  1 ghante se khade hai . . .  (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
what the train status now (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
somebody at Dombivli? please check whether Asangaon trn is passed  (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
Railways must stop the show of the concept of mega-block for maintenance and updation of rail network in Mumbai... What is the use?? Stop the fake show!! No maintenance!!! 
why there is no train to cst?  (sent from Thakurli Stn.)
trains are regular or still there is a problem?? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
pl tell what's the position of khopoli down side 8.37 @ Ulhasnagar local ? (sent from Ambernath)
I feel humiliated when I get such local train services after receiving msg from income tax department of India     (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)
what about thane (sent from Nahur Stn.)
kalyan 9.18 kuthe ahe ?? (sent from Badlapur)
where is the issue ... ??  (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
what is the current status (sent from Kalyan)
आसनगाव ठाणे लोकल कुठे आहे? (sent from Thakurli Stn.)
up and down both trains r late?  (sent from Kurla)
आसनगाव ठाणे लोकल कुठे आहे? (sent from Thakurli Stn.)
what About Asangaon train... (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
9.35  krjat train kuthe ahe ?? (sent from Badlapur)
cst to thane slow r running ?
where is last train for CSTM?? (sent from Thakurli Stn.)
what bout Panchavati
train status from Kalyan? (sent from Thakurli Stn.)
9.29 badlapur CST train has arrived or not at badlapur ?. (sent from Badlapur Stn.)
why trains are late? (sent from Thane Stn.)
What is the status of slow trains to Cst? (sent from Chunabhatti)
What is the status of slow trains to Cst? (sent from Chunabhatti)
what about kajur to vidyavihaar from kanjur (sent from Bhandup)
but what is the problem (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
why are trains so late today.. anybody has an idea?
y trains are delayed today? (sent from Bhandup Stn.)
why the central line Train was too late (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)
 is there any issue nearby kanjur stn ? (sent from Kalyan)
 is there any issue nearby kanjur stn ?
no update from control room cst ...why this hell is going on  (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
9:25 cst fast from donbivli?? (sent from Dombivli)
Ghatkoper to Thane trains are working? (sent from Andheri Stn.)
national holiday hai kya ??  (sent from Mulund Stn.)
where is Karjat station reached?
where i asangoan train ?? any update  (sent from Shahad Stn.)
is the train from CST to Vidyavihar on? (sent from Sandhurst Road Stn.)
whats the status of the train now??
national holiday hai kya ?? (sent from Mulund Stn.)
 why the train was not coming of 9:13 it's too late  (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)
what happened about the train status (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)
any update on 9:30 kalyan 15 car ? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
what's the problem (sent from Nahur)
current status from thane? (sent from Kalva)
why trains are late today???
status at ghatkopar? 
Status at dombivli ? (sent from Dombivli)
what is status at dombivli station ? 
what's the status at Ulhasnagar station
is the train on time ? (sent from Kanjur Marg)
9.47 Dadar local status??? (sent from Kalyan)
are sure ?  (sent from Kopar Stn.)
kalyan se sb train time pay h ky?  (sent from Vithalwadi)
Now what time take train to travel from kurla to dadar (sent from Kharghar Stn.)
what is the status of thane trains (sent from Malad)
what's update from dombivali stn? (sent from Dombivli)
kyu rok diya trains ko? sab trains half hour late hai (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
Guys, Dont know what is wrong with Kalyan station announcement for Platform No.3, When Train is about to leave announcement is made. How can a person run from platform no.7 to platform no. 3 in such a small time?
what is status of 9:47 kalyan dadar 15 car train? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
ट्रेन चालू आहेत का?  (sent from Bhandup)
are there any updates regarding semi fast trains? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
Is the problem for slow train only ? (sent from Airoli)
what is status of titwala fast train?? (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)
is thz true?  (sent from Sandhurst Road Stn.)
is central railways having some problem today ? (sent from Shahad)
9.47 kalyan dadar status?? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
how are trains right now? is it fast or sliw (sent from Nahur)
9:47 kalyan Dadar 15 car status?  (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
what is the status of of 9:47 dadar train ????  (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
what is the status of Thane to cstm station  (sent from Thane Stn.)
is 9:47 kalyan dadar in cancelled? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
where is the karjat train 
what is the status of 8:30 at cstm kalyan train (sent from Thakurli Stn.)
Any update from Thane station? (sent from Kalva)
what about the trains from dadar to ghatkopar?? (sent from Andheri Stn.)
anyone know about Kasara? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
what's the location of 9.23 am asngaon from titwala
are thane se kitna late hai abhi train cst ke liye ?? 
why trains are late, any reason (sent from Kalyan)
status at dombivali station? (sent from Ambivli Stn.)
trains on time or not??  (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
what is the status of khopoli cst train???
where is Karjat fast at Dombivli 10.30? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
what is status of trains from badlapur (sent from Badlapur)
what is the status of Vasind kalyan train (sent from Vasind Stn.)
where is asangaon to CST from shahad?? (sent from Shahad Stn.)
anyone know why the trains are running late (sent from Dombivli)
9.47 Dadar , where it reached? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
8;36 kalyan local where it reach (sent from Vithalwadi)
what is the status of 10:13 Ambarnath fast cstm
are trains running on time towards karjat.??
what is the status of 9.47.? Kalyan dadar (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
whre is 9.47 kalyan dadar 15 car ? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
Kya scene train ka? (sent from Mulund Stn.)
whre is 9.47 kalyan dadar 15 car ? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
9:10 asangaon from kya nikli ki nhi ??? (sent from Titwala Stn.)
how much min late it is (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
is dombivli Dadar train running late? not arrived yet (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
where is badlapur train from kalyan 9.54 (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
where is 10.5 thane local (sent from Shahad)
status of khopoli train.?
why trains are running late?
train lft frm thane Station?  (sent from Mulund Stn.)
Is slow train halting at Vidyavihar? (sent from Bhandup Stn.)
Ashwini reached? 
any overhead wire problem in kurla stn...????? (sent from Ambernath Stn.)
where is 9:56 (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
Csmt ट्रेन r running?  (sent from Thane)
Has the issue between kurla & Vidyavihar been resolved?  are trains running smoothly now towards CST (sent from Parel)
where is 9:56 train which comes from ambernath (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
?
whats the status of slow trains ??
what is d status at ambrenath? (sent from Rabale)
trains time Pai hai kya ????? (sent from Ambernath)
What is the status at Thane?
this is a very important service. latest not spam it by asking same question again and again. please scroll at least. it would be good if we keep on posting your own train status which is late or on time. (sent from Nahur)
but are the trains reaching Dadar ? (sent from Thane)
any trains running from mulund to cst? (sent from Mulund Stn.)
trains on time or not..??  (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
Badlapur janw ke liye chalu hai kya ?
what is status of asangaon train (sent from Vasind Stn.)
are trains slow from kalyan to csmt?
train r late or in time? (sent from Ghatkopar)
what is the status of thane to CST 
what about dombivli trains ? (sent from Dombivli)
train me rush hai kya? towards cst (sent from Bhandup)
10.13 train ?? (sent from Dombivli)
any delays in Mulund ? (sent from Mulund)
10.13 from ambernath.  train now at which station? (sent from Dombivli)
Dadar train which should have reached Vikhroli by 9:55 is coming at 10:29 (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)
is it train stopping at Vidya Vihar? (sent from Vidyavihar Stn.)
what is a status or central train? is it running between kurla and vidyavihar (sent from Belapur Cbd)
what is status Badlapur to Cst  (sent from Badlapur Stn.)
what's the status of 10.36 from Ambernath towards cst (sent from Thane)
what is the status of cst train?(sent from ghatkopar station)
CST to ambernath 9.53 fast current status?? (sent from Ghatkopar)
any prblm of trains due to maharashtra band ? (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)
still at ambernath station??? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
trains working from vidyavihar ? (sent from Kalyan)
where 10.40 train from dombivli starting (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
Are trains running late from Kalyan  ? (sent from Nahur)
where is Badlapur car local (sent from Ambernath Stn.)
is the train working fine from Ambernath to CST (sent from Vithalwadi Stn.)
where is 10:32 from domb to csmt (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
what is current status from thane to cst fast trains?? 
has 10:52 train arrived at thane?  (sent from Mulund Stn.)
abhi kitna late hai thane se?? 
ट्रेन किती उशिरा आहेत? छ शि म ट धिमी आणि जलद कोणत्या मार्गावर बिघाड झालेला आहे? (sent from Vithalwadi)
Plz inform when 10:52 leaves thane (sent from Mulund Stn.)
9.45 From karjat  train now at which station? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
10:52 arrived at thane??????  (sent from Mulund Stn.)
what about dadar to csmt (sent from Grant Road Stn.)
I'm at Diva.... parel la train ahet ka Chaaluu? (sent from Dativali Stn.)
what about any train from Vitthalwadi to cstm (sent from Vithalwadi)
why trains are late any issue (sent from Dombivli)
ok thanks ..overhead wire broke ? (sent from Dombivli)
any updates on 10:52 from thane??????  (sent from Mulund Stn.)
? (sent from Kurla Stn.)
Plz tell when it leaves thane (sent from Mulund Stn.)
? (sent from Sion Stn.)
what is train status frm dombivli to sct (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
.train is on time or not?? (sent from Ghatkopar)
what is status of cst fast train (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
10.48 fast local from shahad to cstm, where it is? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
titwala to car was supposed to reach kalyan at 10:54. does anyone know about its status? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
10:52 thane Pf 1 has it left?  (sent from Mulund Stn.)
tiwala to CST train where is (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
??????  (sent from Mulund Stn.)
are slow trains stopping at vidyavihar? (sent from Bandra Stn.)
Is any issue on central line? (sent from Badlapur Stn.)
11:23 CSTM Fast from Kasara, is it on time? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
is dadar local from kalyan on time?  (sent from Mulund Stn.)
how the train is running  (sent from Gtb Nagar Stn.)
trains on tim?
badlapur up on time? (sent from Badlapur Stn.)
trains r there from CST to kalyan ? (sent from Ghatkopar)
please update on trains from Ulhasnagar to cst??  (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
are the trains very crowded? 
stayus of vidyavihar?  (sent from Mulund)
please update status about maharashtra bandh is Mumbai bandh today ?
where has kalyan dadar local reached?  (sent from Mulund Stn.)
Local trains are running?  (sent from Ambernath)
Central Line train issue at Kurla has been resolved or not ???
kitna late Hai? (sent from Churchgate Stn.)
trains r latee? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
above mentioned issue has been resolved or not ????
where is 15 car kalyan (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
badlapur train chalu hai kya ? (sent from Badlapur)
Are there trains from Ghatkopar to Thane? (sent from Andheri)
train chalu he kya? (sent from Thane Stn.)
Train chalu hai kya?
is there any train for karjat from thane?  (sent from Thane)
dombivli stn pe konsa fast tren laga he? 
What about train towards DADAR ? Late, on-time or Cancel. (sent from Badlapur)
Are Central railway trains running? 
Is train line from Dadar to Thane working fine??
are trains leaving from Ambernath on time? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
    ghatkope xx. l ??d?d? good ,  !  म|  !  ,xp p p??,  !p ?,pp p  ar ka.       ,?tne bake ki i m (sent from Thane Stn.)
are trains running from Badlapur? (sent from Badlapur)
12:18 kasara to CST running late? (sent from Shahad)
are trains running on time towards badlapur?
are train running on time towards cst? (sent from Thane)
trains are running proper between Kurla to ghatkopar?  (sent from Kalamboli)
what is todays morning problem, sir (sent from Masjid)
are trains on time?
where is the 12.30 fast train? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
Are trains running on time?
Kasara to cst locals running on time or not???
shahad to Cst train kuch problem hai kya?  (sent from Byculla)
shahad to Cst train on time????? (sent from Byculla)
karjat train?
train chalu aahet ka?
where is krjt train which is 12.57from Badlapur  (sent from Badlapur Stn.)
where is 1.06 Thane badlapur slow train right now? (sent from Thane Stn.)
is any prblm of mocha  (sent from Churchgate Stn.)
where is the train? (sent from Thane Stn.)
are trains running fine towards CST? (sent from Mulund)
are trains started on time from badlapur ?
what is the status from badlapur to CSMT local trains
fast left from Dombivli which reach Thane at 1.15?
where is kasara fast train now? (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)
Train status anybody?
trains r late by what time
badlapur to CST?? 
running or not?
is there any andolan (sent from Churchgate Stn.)
where its gng on? (sent from Elphinstone Road Stn.)
central train running?? (sent from Goregaon)
are trains are running on time or not ? (sent from Thane Stn.)
is train running normally from Ghatkopar to Dadar ? (sent from Vidyavihar Stn.)
are trains are running on time or not ? (sent from Thane Stn.)
what is the problem  titwala to cst
why is it that technical issues happen only during peak hours?
any issue or what from aasangaon to CSMT.....? (sent from Vasind)
Hello....Status of Central Railway ? (sent from Santa Cruz Stn.)
where is a train (sent from Byculla Stn.)
what about central raliway (sent from Bandra)
any train issues from Thane to karjat ? 
where is. 2.21 train for karjat (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)
where is 2.21 train from ulhasnager to karjat (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)
Trains running smoothly from Ambernath-CST ? (sent from Nahur)
parel to kalyan trains r on time kya? (sent from Elphinstone Road Stn.)
are Dadar to Kalyan train running on time? (sent from Mira Road Stn.)
all train between nahur to Kalyan running fine ? (sent from Nahur Stn.)
anyone help me Dadar to Kalyan train running on time? (sent from Dahisar Stn.)
?? (sent from Dahisar Stn.)
trains r running or wht badlapur to cst??  (sent from Badlapur)
trains in central r running on time or late?
can anyone pls tell me the train from badlapur to cst is running or wht?.  (sent from Badlapur)
what happen in badlapur? (sent from Vile Parle Stn.)
what is the status of the train (sent from Churchgate Stn.)
what status of train between Kurla and Vidya vihar (sent from Churchgate)
status of train between vidyavihar to Thane??  (sent from Vidyavihar)
How the train working 
where is my train  (sent from Vasind Stn.)
where is kalyan 15 car? (sent from Kurla Stn.)
what is the status of train between thane to Kurla? (sent from Badlapur)
what is status of train between Ghatkopar to kalyan  (sent from Vikhroli)
karjat train are going??? (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)
what is the fare of ac 2 tier of train no. 12951 (sent from Ambernath)
train status ??
has thane 4:20 train left?  (sent from Bhandup Stn.)
How is the situation from Curry Rd. or Dadar to Dombivli? (sent from Lower Parel)
is 4:30 csmt fast on time from Badlapur? (sent from Ambernath Stn.)
are trains running normally now? are issues between soon and kurla resolved ? (sent from Vidyavihar)
Are trains on time on central line?? (sent from Airoli Stn.)
khopoli train atta kuthe ahe ? (sent from Badlapur Stn.)
what is train status from Thane to Karjat tr
central trains are working?? (sent from Kalyan)
5:01 where is nw (sent from Ghatkopar)
central line status? (sent from Nahur Stn.)
trains time pe hai kya ?
train status? (sent from Nahur Stn.)
is technical issue resolved?? are slow trains working normal??? (sent from Elphinstone Road Stn.)
anyone at Vikhroli?? are trains normal? as per the schedule (sent from Vikhroli)
are trains on time ?
where is malad local (sent from Malad Stn.)
All train r right time? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
 krjtbar baramti pasenjer where
slow line any issues ? no trains at Ghatkopar towards Kalyan since long (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
where's 5:18 Dadar local (sent from Sion Stn.)
where's 5:18 Dadar local (sent from Sion Stn.)
kalyan Dombivali train running ? (sent from Kings Circle Stn.)
what about thane to cst local trains! its running on tym or not? (sent from Koparkhairne)
where  are badlapur  to CST train  (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)
trains are running on time??
where are a bdlapur train  (sent from Dadar Stn.)
trains status of Central line??
what is status of train from ghat kopar to Thane
are the trains on time?
what is the status of train from ghat kopar to Thane
are central line trains on time ?  (sent from Bandra)
trains on time today??
trains are running at central line?? (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)
can you  please  tell me   ghatkopar  to  thane  running  on time??????
running in time??
all well in central? (sent from Vile Parle Stn.)
is there any delay in slow trains?  (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)
any slow trains late?? (sent from Andheri)
kasara train coming in which platform  (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
what is train status from thane to Kalyan
is train on time from ambarnath to badlapur? (sent from Badlapur Stn.)
R the trains running on time ?? (sent from Airoli)
What abt mulund to kalyan train?? (sent from Mulund)
thane 6:30 reach at kurla?  (sent from Kurla)
 what's train status??? (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)
where is ladies speacial  (sent from Gtb Nagar Stn.)
Are trains on time? 
kurla to ghatkopar trains working??? (sent from Chembur)
are fast trains on thane on time?? (sent from Thane Stn.)
any train update from dadar to kalyan? (sent from Elphinstone Road)
any problem on central railway ?? (sent from Airoli)
Train on time?  (sent from Thane)
from CST to thane?? 
trains on time? (sent from Vidyavihar Stn.)
where is 6.29 Thane train from cst? (sent from Kurla Stn.)
karjat fast .. diva hault is on time ?? (sent from Mulund Stn.)
ट्रेन्स ontime आहेत का ????
does trains are running on time?? 
are trains on time? (sent from Vidyavihar)
time par hsi kya?? 
cst from badlapur what's going on guys please reply fast (sent from Badlapur)
any train issues happening between Ghatkoper - Thane like yesterday, or trains are working fine on time? 
train on schedule ? (sent from Masjid)
are train on schedule time .? (sent from Masjid)
6.09ki ambernath, fast kidhar pahucha? (sent from Vithalwadi)
5.55 ki ambernath fast? (sent from Vithalwadi)
7.07 ki ghatkopar kaha hai koi batayega??  (sent from Ghatkopar)
7.07ki ghatkopar kaha hai abhi??  (sent from Ghatkopar)
are locals late ? (sent from Vikhroli)
for thane ? (sent from Vikhroli)
platform no for Asangaon superfast local? (sent from Reay Road Stn.)
for Kasara trains are running?
 what about 7:14 karjat from dombivali 
Is Mumbai closed tomorrow??
trains on time? (sent from Elphinstone Road Stn.)
train on time?? (sent from Mulund Stn.)
how are trains from.cst to mulund (sent from Chinchpokli Stn.)
how are trains from kurla to thane?
How much time the train is taking to reach Thane from Ghatkopar??
what's the status of 7:23 Bhandup to Thane? (sent from Thane Stn.)
kasara fast left from Dadar? (sent from Gtb Nagar Stn.)
Aaj kitna waqt lagega...to reach Thane.? Is trains are running properly?
can anyone plz telk me tomorrow trains are running or not...????
where is fast train towards cst? (sent from Thane Stn.)
what about cst to thane slow train 
are thane trains on time?
which train is departing from cst right now?  (sent from Masjid Stn.)
which train is arriving at cst stn (sent from Masjid Stn.)
ghatkopar to thane local on time?
is it train late today in central line??
can anyone tell about where the ambarnath train is going to come (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
where is cst fast train (sent from Mulund Stn.)
badlapur to cst fast train where is it.m i.e 7 33 cst fast frm thane whr is it pls tell me urgently (sent from Mulund Stn.)
where is 7:56 ambarnath train any idea (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
status for 7.57 karjat fast train,please update water she left cst or not (sent from Byculla Stn.)
what is the status from ghatkopaf towards kalyan slow track (sent from Ghatkopar)
trains are delayed or on time? (sent from Vikhroli)
where is titwala  8.27 from thane (sent from Airoli)
what is train status on tomorrow? 
why not increase train frequency at this time from CSMT (sent from Cst Stn.)
how to go to igatpuri from dadar (sent from Virar)
is there any problem going on while going cst (sent from Mulund Stn.)
8.29 fast at Dombivali to cst still not arrived..any knows its status? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
is central trains running in time? 
is train running on time between ghatkopar and thane?  (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
Kal trains chalu rahege kya?
9.04 kalya fast train is on time???  (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
where is Kasara fast 
train Kal chalu hai Kya ?? (sent from Karjat)
trains chalu h kal? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
are bol Bhai train chalu hai Kya Kal ?? (sent from Karjat)
ab yeh kya h.?? (sent from Ambernath)
seriously mumbai band ahe kaa ?
are buses running tomorrow? (sent from Bhandup Stn.)
What happened tomorrow  (sent from Bhandup Stn.)
Is there any strike or something  (sent from Bhandup Stn.)
bhai any issues in central line????  (sent from Panvel Stn.)
so will the trains stop tomorrow? 
what about tomorrow train sheduled (sent from Kanjur Marg)
are trains running well now?{central line}
is train start from ambernath to Kurla??
what about tomorrow train status
tomorrow is Mumbai bandh do trains will affect? (sent from Airoli)
As there I heard a news that some morcha is going to happen..so is any issues for trains? (sent from Thakurli Stn.)
train late hai kya????  (sent from Mumbra)
twitter is the medium where you could expect an answer
where is 10.06 cst local (sent from Titwala Stn.)
kal train chlu h kya ???? (sent from Ulhasnagar)
kal chalu hai trains???(sent from ulhasnagar) (sent from Vithalwadi)
kal chalu hai train?dombivali  (sent from Kopar)
are trains operating tomorrow?? (sent from Koparkhairne Stn.)
the 10:25 fast from thane csmt fast is on time? (sent from Airoli Stn.)
where is 15 coach Kalyan fast local  (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
what about tomorrow train status???
ok & what about auto & buses?  (sent from Mumbra Stn.)
r u sure?
kal central line band hai kya? (sent from Vasai Road)
udya office Sathi gharatun nighaycha ki nahi....??? (sent from Mulund Stn.)
kal trains challu rehne wali he na? (sent from Mulund Stn.)
local running tomorrow or not??
udya train chalu ahet ka ? (sent from Mulund)
 clg band hai kya kal ? (sent from Kanjur Marg)
udya train chalu aahet ka ??? (sent from Dombivli)
Panvel to virar Udya train chalu ahet ka??? 
vikhroli to virar train chlu hai Kay? (sent from Vikhroli)
kal train chalu he kya?? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
Kal Mumbai bandh hai Kya dosto??? (sent from Kurla Stn.)
any idea for 11 09 badlapur fast train from thane?  (sent from Thane Stn.)
what about tomorrow central line Badlapur to csmt service ?? (sent from Badlapur)
what is the status of trains for tommorow? (sent from Thane)
kal jana theek hai kya? and trains running?
are trains running right now?  (sent from Dombivli)
Are the trains running tomorrow ? 
is that true? (sent from Dombivli)
Anyone who will get to know about train status tomorrow. please let us inform about the train status in the early morning. (sent from Titwala)
udya train chalu ahe ka??? (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)
udya trains chalu rahtil ka?
kal train chalu rahege k nhi...???
is tomorrow Mumbai band?  (sent from Ambernath)
Uday train chalu aahet ka?? (sent from Mankhurd)
?? (sent from Dombivli)
The Sakal Maratha organisation has called for a bandh in Mumbai, Thane, Navi Mumbai, Palghar and Raigad districts, demanding Chief Minister Devendra Fadnavis’ resignation. The agitation, which seeks reservation for Marathas in jobs and education, took a violent turn on Tuesday,  (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
will auto rickshaws and busses be running tomorrow? (sent from Thane Stn.)
is Mumbai suburban Railway closed due to statewide shutdown?  (sent from Dahisar)
train ko bhagao. ye btao office pe bandh nhi h kya .. ??😅😅
Bharat bandh h kal?? (sent from Ghatkopar)
what are the train timings from neral to matheran?? can anyone help? 
??? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
is train running properly from kalyan?
all trains on time ???? (sent from Borivali)
are trains in central running on time?  (sent from Andheri Stn.)
are trains in central running on time?  (sent from Andheri Stn.)
आज ट्रेन वेळेवर आहेत ला? (sent from Ambernath)
are trains running proper? (sent from Thakurli Stn.)
what about khopoli cstm fast  (sent from Badlapur Stn.)
plz tell what is the status of 5 : 52 खोपोली from कल्याण 
are trains running at Dadar n matunga? (sent from Vasind Stn.)
titwala se local shuru hai kay? (sent from Titwala Stn.)
any local which has passed kalyan ? (sent from Kalva Stn.)
CST trine time var ahe ka??? (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)
kasara train?  (sent from Vasind)
karjat to cstm fast train which arrives at 5.20 is just departed from Badlapur stn 
what the train status how are they running? (sent from Thakurli Stn.)
tapovan express time var ahe ka??? (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)
what about ambernath train to cst (sent from Ambernath)
what about the trains from titwlaa? are they on time? (sent from Shahad Stn.)
what is the status of shahad station. are trains on time? (sent from Shahad)
where is 5:45 dombivli fast train?? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
what about ambernath to cst
what about karjat to csmt train?
are trains running from badlapur station?  (sent from Vikhroli)
are train running from Vasind to cst? (sent from Vasind Stn.)
what about asan gaon to c s t  train
assangaon right time h??
assangaon right time h?
is Intercity on time? (sent from Koparkhairne Stn.)
what is status of trains today (sent from Shahad)
what is staus of train from kasara to cst? (sent from Vasind)
6.39 cst fast where are  (sent from Vithalwadi Stn.)
how was the central fast linr (sent from Thane Stn.)
why (sent from Vidyavihar Stn.)
why
train status to csmt? (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
why (sent from Vidyavihar Stn.)
hello are the trains on time ? please update  (sent from Ghatkopar)
wt about express trains?? mujhe puna jana hai. train late hai kya??
wt about express trains?? mujhe puna jana hai. train late hai kya??
train from Asangao are late or ontime?? (sent from Vasind)
what about 7:24 titwla to cst train... is it on time (sent from Titwala)
 Trains from asangaon to CST are on time?
trains status central line for fast trains? how delay they are? (sent from Thane Stn.)
what is the status of kasara to csmt
trains are late?
Badlapur station se train right time he kya?
what is the train running status from Kalyan to CST (sent from Thakurli)
?? (sent from Shahad)
what is status of kalva to thane train?? (sent from Kalva)
Kalyan to cstm train chalu hai kya ? (sent from Thakurli Stn.)
Ambernath to thane ky update h??
ambernath to cst train status? (sent from Vithalwadi)
what is status for Diva to kurla  (sent from Dativali Stn.)
ambernath thane train chalu hai kya? (sent from Ambernath)
central line chalu hai kya ? (sent from Thakurli Stn.)
 trains chalu aahet ka?
karjat cst train chalu aahet ka? (sent from Bhivpuriroad Stn.)
guys trains are running from kalyan to cst on time?
kurla status? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
raining heavily in sion n kurla? (sent from Shahad)
are trains on time? (sent from Shahad)
r trains running? (sent from Shahad)
what about vasind to cst (sent from Vasind)
what is the status of central line locals
what is status of trains from kasara to Mumbai?  (sent from Khadavli Stn.)
what is status of trains from kasara to Mumbai?  (sent from Khadavli Stn.)
r trains running on time from shahad to Thane??? (sent from Shahad)
status from dadar to karjat ?
what is status of running train from Central line 
trns r running properly or not?? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
is it raining ghatkopar onwards? (sent from Shahad)
trns r running properly or not?? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
what is status of Ambrnath to CST? (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)
what about trains in kurla n sion? (sent from Shahad)
kasara train status? ? (sent from Shahad)
kalyan to cst??? 
train in time or what (sent from Titwala Stn.)
 what status from thane station
thane to cst ?
Train status ? (sent from Badlapur)
what is stetus train to vashind from cst (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
how's the climate Now?? are the trains running late?? what's the status of trains from unr to Mumbai  (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
trains are working ..? (sent from Ambernath Stn.)
trains from kalyan to thane?
is there will be prblm aftr 8 (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
people please paas on the message those who are travelling right now whats the exact status of the train. 
what is stetus train to vashind from cst (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
cr line train running on time ??? pls update from badlapur
when did all this happen  (sent from Ambernath)
what is status for Karjat trains
Karjat cat status??  (sent from Neral Stn.)
Kalyan Ghatkopar?
from ambernath what's the status  (sent from Ambernath)
any updates?? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
from kalyan to Cst train status? (sent from Kalyan)
Train late hei kya??  (sent from Vithalwadi)
what  about train status. heavy rain in Ambernath 
any updates? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
Train late hei kya??  (sent from Vithalwadi)
people who are traveling right now pls inform the status of the trains  (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
is there heavy rain nr diwa or thane
what's the train status? (sent from Shahad)
trains are running or not? (sent from Badlapur)
trains are running or not? (sent from Badlapur)
Train are running on time or delay ???
trains are on time??? (sent from Badlapur Stn.)
नमस्कार, ट्रेन वेळेवर आहेत का ? (sent from Khadavli)
trains are on time from ulhasnagar?? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
trains are on time from ulhasnagar?? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
are trains on time? 
Are trains on time towards CST ? (sent from Nerul)
people who are at station kindly inform about the train status (sent from Shahad)
are train running on time? (sent from Kalyan)
 how are trains running from Kalyan to Dadar
what abt today local train time table
what the status from ambernath to kalyan (sent from Ambernath)
Trains running? (sent from Shahad Stn.)
trains are on time? (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)
what about local train States badlapur to cst (sent from Badlapur)
titawala to cst status?  (sent from Titwala Stn.)
trains are running on time? 
are Mumbai Pune express on time?
from ulhasnagar??? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
from ulhasnagar??? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
Kalyan cstm locals on time??
trains r on time or late? (sent from Ambernath)
what is train status?
has the 7:50 train arrived  (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
Sion dadar side what is the status (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
trains running time late or time? (sent from Kalyan)
what's the train statusis there any problem? (sent from Vithalwadi)
are trains on time or delayed? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
are trains on time or delayed? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
what is status of trains in Dombivli  (sent from Thakurli)
kalyan se karjat tk heavy rain hai.....but what about mumbai and thane  (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
is this true bcoz no where it's shown in news (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)
what is the status of trains from vithalwadi to thane (sent from Vithalwadi Stn.)
is it raining in mumbai?
badlapur to cst train status...????
बदलापुर वरून सीएसटी कडे जाणाऱ्या ट्रेन वेळेवर आहे का? (sent from Badlapur)
बदलापुर वरून सीएसटी कडे जाणाऱ्या ट्रेन वेळेवर आहे का? (sent from Badlapur)
what about Thane to Dadar train update ? (sent from Badlapur)
KYN to MULUND train running status ? (sent from Kalyan)
Badlapur to CST what is status of trains?
trai  time he? (sent from Badlapur Stn.)
Karjat la jayala train aahe ka? (sent from Vithalwadi Stn.)
Karjat la jayala train aahe ka? (sent from Vithalwadi Stn.)
train are on time or not???  from badlapur (sent from Badlapur)
trains on time or late ? (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)
thane to cst trains time pe hai ya delay ho rhe hai?
Trains r working properly ? (sent from Thakurli)
trains are running on time from dombivI to st ? (sent from Dombivli)
what's about the local running or not (sent from Asangaon Stn.)
anyone from kalyan?
what is the stautus of train  (sent from Vithalwadi)
anyone from kalyan? (sent from Kalyan)
what is the status of train from dombivli towards cst  (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
what is status of 7.57 from Badlapur to Thane (sent from Badlapur)
what's the train status  (sent from Vithalwadi)
what's the train status  (sent from Vithalwadi)
any issue with central line trains?
how is central slow and fast late
kalyan to csmt ky status ahe Train cha.? (sent from Kalyan)
what about 8:11 from badlapur?  (sent from Badlapur)
what is the train status Badlapur (sent from Badlapur)
are trains running on right time? (sent from Ambernath Stn.)
trains from shahad on time? (sent from Shahad)
trains from shahad on time?
are trains running on right time? (sent from Ambernath Stn.)
 what's train status now
what is the train status? (sent from Badlapur)
what is the train status? (sent from Badlapur)
what about karjat to csmt status (sent from Vangani)
What is train status now in Dombivli Station. (sent from Chunabhatti)
train kitna late hai?? (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)
what about karjat -cst train 
local status what going (sent from Shahad)
8.5 kalyan from thane ? any status (sent from Rabale Stn.)
what is the status of kalyan to thane train ? (sent from Vithalwadi)
6:55 badlapur csmt fast .?? where is it (sent from Dadar Stn.)
thanks everyone for the which we really need
what's the sheduel train from Dombivli
Kalyan to kurla train are running or nor?
train status? (sent from Airoli)
any update about train station from ulhas nagar??? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
train time pe hai.?  (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)
what is the status for 8:10 am train from ambernath (sent from Ambernath)
??  (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)
trains are running right time to CST route? (sent from Diva Jn)
is the trains are on time ?? (sent from Ambernath)
7.52 karjat  CST Local from Badlapur on which station now (sent from Badlapur)
train running on time or not?  plz update  (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)
any uodate about locak train ?
7.52 karjat  CST Local from Badlapur on which station now (sent from Badlapur)
down side trains will be late due ti heavy rains what is the for up side   (sent from Ambernath Stn.)
train status from amb? (sent from Ambernath)
what's the status of trains from Kalyan to CST??? (sent from Shahad)
what is the train status?
are trains on time running from kalyan to CST? (sent from Shahad)
what status of 8.11 train from badlapur  (sent from Badlapur)
Its raining like hell in Ambernath. whats the train status in central line?
is there any trains problem today
8.13 cst from kyn pf 1 came? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
8.13 cst from kyn pf 1 came? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
is this true (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
what about transharber?
today is my meeting at chembur.what is train status from Dombivli to kurla ?
what is status of train in central line??  (sent from Badlapur)
today is my meeting at chembur.what is train status from Dombivli to kurla ?
What Happen?
what is the status of train??  (sent from Badlapur)
trains running on time???
anyone is on badlapur station??  (sent from Badlapur)
ठाणे-वाशी ?
what the status of train??  (sent from Badlapur)
what the status of train??  (sent from Badlapur)
so trains are running late??  (sent from Badlapur)
has 8:11 left badlapur?  (sent from Badlapur Stn.)
are cst trains up and running ? (sent from Dombivli)
Are trains running on time? (sent from Kalyan)
pls reply. trains in kurla n sion??? (sent from Shahad)
kalyan to thane? any idea people (sent from Vithalwadi)
titwala to csmt Kya  status hai? (sent from Kalyan)
semi kalyan cstm on time? (sent from Thakurli Stn.)
which station live ladies special train (sent from Thakurli)
heard vidhyavihar to byculla up trains aren't r running ??  (sent from Kalyan)
guys Trains are on time towards cstm?? (sent from Rabale Stn.)
good morning trains are running on time or late ? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
badlapur- thane???? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
what is status at harbour line thane to pqnvel?  (sent from Badlapur)
status?  (sent from Dombivli)
trains r on tym???  (sent from Dativali)
how r trains (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
what's status of central railway
are trains on time? (sent from Shahad)
train on time hai kya ?
what is the status of 8.41 (sent from Dombivli)
water lgng?
can any one tell the status of train between Sion Kurla?? (sent from Thakurli Stn.)
can any one tell the status of train between Sion Kurla?? (sent from Thakurli Stn.)
panvel rout pe late hai kya?
train status? (sent from Kopar)
train status frm kyn?
train status from Kalyan?  (sent from Kalyan)
train status today ??
what is the status from kalyan to cst?
train status today ??
train status plz from thane to dadar... status between kurla n dadar???
what status in badlapur station..cst trains r late.? (sent from Badlapur)
what is the current status of train from Thane to cst (sent from Kalva)
any issue any ghatkopar??  (sent from Vangani Stn.)
train kiti lates ahet? (sent from Badlapur)
what is the status of Badlapur to CST station?? (sent from Badlapur)
what about Ulhas station  (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)
what is the status of Badlapur to CST station?? (sent from Badlapur)
I have to travel from ambernath to Grant road. any train issues today as it's raining heavily here in ambernath  ?? 
what about Ulhas station  (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)
is there raining in thane ?whats status for thane station ? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
kalyan to titwala train chalu ahe ka?
kalyan to titwala train chalu ahe ka?
status for dombivli? (sent from Thakurli)
anyone at ambernath stn?
titwala ? (sent from Titwala)
dombivli train update? (sent from Thakurli)
8.20 Badlapur geli ka? from ambernath
are the trains on time ? (sent from Karjat)
train are om time? (sent from Karjat Stn.)
train status from Thane ? (sent from Kopar)
8:34 asangaon from kalyan..Can any1 tell its status? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
what is train status dombivali to cstm
what is status on khadavli station
what is train status to kalyan to thane
what's the status from mumbra towards dombivali...
what is the train status from kalyan to cst
shahad to CST pls update?  (sent from Shahad Stn.)
what is sent of Ambernath 8.44
what about ambernath to CST?
what is status of karjat train 9.18 from kalyan (sent from Kalyan)
what's a news of central line (sent from Vithalwadi)
what about diva vasai route train status ? running on time? (sent from Kopar Stn.)
Titwala cst train chalu ahet ka?? (sent from Ambivli)
what is status of badalapur cst train pls update (sent from Badlapur)
what is the status of 9:06 khopoli from karjat? (sent from Karjat)
are trains on time??? (sent from Kopar Stn.)
are trains late ?? (sent from Thakurli)
Slow local nikli kya Badlapur se? Right time chal rahi?
8:27 Amber nath  nikla kta time pe!?
is the fast trains towards csmt running on time (sent from Nilje)
dombivli to CSMT fast belt...r trains on time...? (sent from Dombivli)
is there is rain in Mumbai Mulund  (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
what is status from titwala station
is it safe to go to khopoli what is train status
are all trains are running as per schedule ? (sent from Titwala Stn.)
where is 8:53 For CSMT (sent from Badlapur)
What about Titwala side trains? are they running fine? (sent from Shahad)
are train running late today? plz reply
what about thane station is there coming trains on time or what
what's the issue (sent from Vangani Stn.)
What is the current indicator showing ?
Karjat to Kalyan trains time period hai Kya Mail/Exp? I am travelling by Sahyadri express
what is the central railways shedual from kalyan to csmt
is there any issue between badlapur and Ambernath (sent from Vangani Stn.)
what is train status Dombivali to cst
trains are running late?
what is train status Ambivali to cst (sent from Ambivli)
8.53 reach to vagani or not???? (sent from Badlapur Stn.)
are trains working??  (sent from Badlapur Stn.)
is trains are running on time from ambernath? 
what's about khopoli CST  (sent from Bhivpuriroad Stn.)
What about trains from Titwala to Thane?
what status from shahad to cst??? pls reply (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
where is 8.53 cst slow.?  (sent from Badlapur Stn.)
where is 8.53 cst slow.?  (sent from Badlapur Stn.)
what is the train status titwala to cst (sent from Shahad)
?
what about badlapur to cst trains ? are they on time ?  (sent from Badlapur)
what is train status
what (sent from Shahad)
What is status of rain logging at sion kurla  (sent from Shahad)
Trains from Titwala to Thane are late?
is 8 53 late from badlapur ? (sent from Badlapur Stn.)
Are d trns frm khopoli on time??  (sent from Neral Stn.)
badlapur to cst train is on time or late? (sent from Badlapur)
what about dadar fast 🚆 (sent from Vithalwadi Stn.)
are trains running on time?
kasara local?  (sent from Thane)
when is mega block 
itni baarish ke baad bhi only 10 to 15 mins late what the f man (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)
what about badlapur to cstm train status?
where is 9:30. kasara
what about from karjat to cst (sent from Karjat)
why dont central railway keep dedicated persons on this group to update the status? 
badlpr to CST train status ? (sent from Ambernath)
guys what about down trains to Ambernath /badlapur?  (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
guys what about down trains to Ambernath /badlapur?  (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
9:04 Titwala to CST status? (sent from Titwala)
Ambernath down train late हैं क्या??  (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
what is the status of karjat trains (sent from Karjat)
what is the condition of trains from Kalyan to dadar (sent from Kalyan)
amb lot of crowd? (sent from Ambernath)
what's the status of train
what's the status of train
where is kasara train at 9 :30 onwards from kalyan 
बदलापूर ते ठाणे ट्रेन सद्यस्थिती काय आहे ? (sent from Rabale)
what's the status of train 
what's the train status from badlapur 
titwala cst is on time? (sent from Shahad Stn.)
tumhi Badlapur station la Aahat ka (sent from Badlapur)
is khopoli CST local running on time? (sent from Badlapur Stn.)
kasara train cancel hui he kya ?? (sent from Thane Stn.)
what about Dombivl train (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
klyn dadar all right.? (sent from Shahad)
trains status of central line ? (sent from Shahad)
Ambernath to csmt trains are on time or running late??? (sent from Ambernath Stn.)
what about central western line  (sent from Shahad)
what is local trains current status 
from kalyan trains ?? (sent from Kalyan)
paus ahe ka central la.? 
kalyan to kurla trains are running properly or not 
what abt 9.29 train from badlapur
badlapur to cst train status?? (sent from Badlapur)
kalyan to cst trains ?? (sent from Kalyan)
Mumbai Pune trains working properly???  there is problem at khandala 
is any announcement for 9:39? (sent from Badlapur Stn.)
9.19 kab aanewali h?
are trains running late ? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
are trains running late ? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
are trains on time? (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)
train is running on time? (sent from Vithalwadi)
any news on water blockages? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
any news on water blockages? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
train status ?  (sent from Mumbra Stn.)
8:40 train status from khopoli?? (sent from Badlapur Stn.)
Badlapur to karjat current status ? (sent from Badlapur)
whether trains from dombivali is on time or not? (sent from Dombivli)
train will be running or not 
what is karjat local status now
status of 9:47 dadar train from kalyan? (sent from Titwala Stn.)
train are delayed ? (sent from Kopar Stn.)
train late hai ? (sent from Badlapur)
what's the status of train from Ambarnath  (sent from Ambernath Stn.)
tren chalu ahet ka ?
what's the train status in kalyan station??  (sent from Kalyan)
are trains running from kalyan to cst ? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
what's the status of ghatkoper (sent from Badlapur)
what is the Status from Titwala to Thane ?  (sent from Titwala)
Kalyan to CST..running status please?? (sent from Kalyan)
 are trains running on time today? (sent from Shahad)
are all trains on time ?? (sent from Badlapur Stn.)
 what is the train status from Badlapur to kalyan (sent from Vithalwadi)
what is train status at sion??
what's the stutus. badlapur to thane?  (sent from Badlapur)
Dombivli to Parel is advisable to travel by train? (sent from Kopar)
is it safe to travel today ?  (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
what is condition between titwala to  Thane  ??  (sent from Titwala Stn.)
train on time hai??? (sent from Ambivli)
any update on through trains to and from mumbai are they on schedule?
what is train status for sion (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
Radat ahet nagpur adhiveshnat anu pani padat ahet mumbai madhe?? (sent from Dombivli)
what's is about 9:39 from badalapur (sent from Badlapur Stn.)
safe to travel?
Status of trains towards Asangaon?
Any update regarding train? (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)
is it safe to travel today ?  (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
what about trains from thana to ghatkopar ?? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
9:38am train from ambernath? (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)
what about badlapur karjat trains ??? (sent from Badlapur)
does trains working fine ? i need to go to Mulund from dombivli. (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
what r current status of trains from Dombivli to Mumbai?? (sent from Dombivli)
is any problems  in kurla sion (sent from Dombivli)
kasara 9.35 ?where is? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
what's train status between kalyan to dadar? (sent from Vithalwadi)
are the trains running in time? (sent from Badlapur)
Mumbai Pune trains resumed?  (sent from Badlapur)
what is the status now? trains delayed or what? (sent from Kalyan)
kasara 9.35 status???
How abt 9:50 CST train from Ambernath
badalpur train status plss???
badlapur cst trains?? (sent from Badlapur Stn.)
Ghatkopar and Sion me ok h condition ? (sent from Ambernath Stn.)
R the trains running on time?
is there  any issues on badlapur
R the trains running on time?
hi guys i have to reach lonavala , please can you tell me the route as to how i can reach there ??? (sent from Chembur)
any Water logging update in Sion & Matunga?
is there  any issues on badlapur (sent from Badlapur)
hi guys i have to reach lonavala , please can you tell me the route as to how i can reach there ??? (sent from Chembur)
what the situation at badlapur to csmt trains  (sent from Badlapur)
R the trains running on time?
R the trains running on time?
dombivli status?? (sent from Kopar)
dombivli status?? (sent from Kopar)
train in time? (sent from Dombivli)
how's the condition of trains from dombivali as I need to travel towards cst (sent from Kopar)
how to go to lonavala ??? (sent from Chembur)
trains r on time?
What is the status of train?  (sent from Dombivli)
very heavy rain in dombivli region, what is the status of CR right now. (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
what is the status of trains in dombivli (sent from Thakurli)
गाड्या वेळेवर आहेत का? (sent from Thakurli)
trains r running late?? (sent from Dombivli)
does local train is on time ?  (sent from Dombivli)
Public... statuss ky h train ka??? Slow chal rhi h yaa band h???  (sent from Ambernath)
ok , how much the bus will take any idea  (sent from Chembur)
train chalri kya Mumbra se csmt?
frnds status kya hy.  train late or cancel?? 
what is the status of train towards Kalyan? (sent from Kopar)
is all train on time  (sent from Thakurli)
what is train status of Ulhasnagar to neral side ? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
what is the status of kalyan TO CSMT trains
what abt 
is it fisible to travel in this heavy rains towards CST ? (sent from Kopar)
9.59 train vithalwadi to badlapur wht abhout?? (sent from Shahad Stn.)
train status from Dombivli? (sent from Dombivli)
what is status of cst-badlapur 9.54, train (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
timings and Area?  (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
how late are trains from kalyan to cst
what is the condition of Central line  (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
are cst to badlapur trains running on time? (sent from Dombivli)
are trains on time?  (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
trains are late 20-25 mins in all central..what is crowd status on Dombivli stn??? (sent from Dombivli)
central railway on time ? (sent from Dombivli)
what status about 9: 56 badlapur local from ulhasnagar } (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)
central railway on time ? (sent from Dombivli)
what status about 9: 56 badlapur local from ulhasnagar } (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)
Kalyan to Thane? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
is any delay from Dombivali to thane train (sent from Dombivli)
khopoli to CST trains r on time ?
are trains running on time from Titwala?
what is the status of trains from Dombivali to csmt
what is the status of trains from Dombivali to csmt
badlapur to CST train status? (sent from Badlapur)
mumbra to cst local status ?
how are trains from Badlpaur to CST? (sent from Badlapur)
trains are late or on time ??  (sent from Thakurli)
dombivli to cst train hai kya?
what is the condition of Central lIne (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
sion kurla status? 
Dombivali station la koni ahe kai...train late ahet ? (sent from Dombivli)
dombivli to cst train hai kya?
sab train's time par hai ??  (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
dombivli to cst train hai kya?
Kalyan to CST status?
how is status between sion kurla  (sent from Badlapur)
is there rain after Thane or not (sent from Mumbra)
now arrived?  (sent from Badlapur)
train from Dombivli to karjat what's train status pl (sent from Thakurli Stn.)
Today's 2.30 pm Singhgad express is there or not?
All trains are on time? (sent from Neral Stn.)
what is status of trains from kalyan to csmt ? Whether they are with minimal delay? (sent from Kalyan)
titwala train status...??? (sent from Shahad)
is train running from dombivili to cst??
Karjat to Kalyan  train chalu aheka?
what about kasara to cst???
train chalu aahe kki nahi  ? 
what about kasara to cst???
Dombivli stn la gardi jast ahe ka??! (sent from Thakurli)
is there rain after thane (sent from Vithalwadi)
what is trn status from dombivli (sent from Dombivli)
?? (sent from Dombivli)
How late are trains From Dombivali
what ia status of karjat to khopoli (sent from Titwala)
csmt to kasara train status??? (sent from Shahad)
Are the trains going to CSTM from Kalyan are crowded ? (sent from Thakurli)
are trains on time?
????? (sent from Dombivli)
Are the trains going to CSTM from Kalyan are crowded ? (sent from Thakurli)
Kalyan to cstm train chalu hai kya?
train running????? (sent from Mumbra Stn.)
is there rain after thane  (sent from Vithalwadi)
cst-kasara status plz? (sent from Airoli Stn.)
rain is every where  (sent from Dombivli)
what about trains timing is delayed? 
what is status of trains from Dombivli?
friends...trains running? Kalyan to cstm? (sent from Dombivli)
what happened in matunga station? (sent from Matunga Stn.)
no waterlogging any where . . reached office from Kalyan with delay of 15min (sent from Elphinstone Road Stn.)
Kalyan to karjat trains running or not? (sent from Kalyan)
trains are on time? (sent from Kalyan)
what about soon and kurla 
is train running good?
what about Kalyan.... (sent from Kalyan)
 ? (sent from Kalyan)
Central line ok....? (sent from Dombivli)
What's the status at shahad (sent from Shahad)
Guyz... Wat Abt Mumbai?? Mumbai me Baarish ka haal kya hai?? 
how is the situation of kurla?
Heavy rain in Dombivli, whats the train status now for both slow and fast track ???
Guyz... Wat Abt Mumbai?? Mumbai me Baarish ka haal kya hai?? 
what tarin ppp (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
what about train status from shahad to CSMT
what's the train status from Kalyan to Dadar (sent from Thakurli Stn.)
mumbai la paus aheka ???
what's the train status (sent from Vithalwadi)
is their rain in thane ?? (sent from Vasind)
train is on time or not
Are trains running on time?
trn jatayt ka dom vrun?  (sent from Dombivli)
How is Ambernath to kalyan
heavy rains in Dombivali,what is the train status (sent from Dombivli)
heavy rains in Dombivali,what is the train status (sent from Dombivli)
what is the status of Badalapur to CSMT train 
trains are running on time from Shahad?  (sent from Shahad)
trains are running on time from Shahad?  (sent from Shahad)
what is Koyana/Sahyadri Express/ Mahalaxmi passenger status
what about status  Dombivali  to Ambarnath train??? 
what about status  Dombivali  to Ambarnath train??? 
ambernath to cst....are the trains running properly?
can any body tell where the Punjab mail has reached? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
status of trns from Kalyan towards cst !? (sent from Kalyan)
what status about karjat train (sent from Neral Stn.)
what status about karjat train (sent from Neral Stn.)
Heavy raining at kalyan, same in mumbai? pl. update some (sent from Kalyan)
10.45 train frm karjat csmt is it on time?  (sent from Karjat)
train from kalyan running on time or not
trains from Ambernath??
ambernath paryant train suralit aahet ka?  (sent from Badlapur)
Kurla Sion status??? 
trains position in ulhasnagar? (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)
train r on time or not?
dombivli to cst train on time?
ulhas nagar to thane train's are running???? (sent from Ambernath)
ulhas nagar to thane train's are running???? (sent from Ambernath)
aaj train time pe hai kya? (sent from Ambernath)
dombivali to thane what is the train availability  (sent from Dombivli)
Kalyan to karjat okk aahe Ka ??
Ambernath to kalyan???
what about Dombibli train (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
Asangaon 10.25 from kalyan is running in time???? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
Is karjat line clear?
Are trains working between thane Dombivili ??
Are trains working between thane Dombivili ??
what is the train status towards ashangaon??? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
central line mai koi issue hai kya ?? (sent from Kalyan)
trains are running on time from ulhasnagar? (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)
what's train Update (sent from Badlapur)
what abt karjat
what is the train status towards aasangaon? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
what is the train status towards aasangaon (sent from Kalyan)
any train left from Kalyan towards CST??? (sent from Thakurli Stn.)
Are trains running on time? (sent from Dombivli)
Are Dombivli local runninglate?? (sent from Dombivli)
Titwala se Matunga train time pe hai kya ??? (sent from Titwala Stn.)
what the status of train towards cst (sent from Kopar)
is anyone at the badlapur station pls do tell the status ..train going towards cst are on time or not? (sent from Badlapur)
badlpur ka status he? (sent from Badlapur)
trains hai kya? (sent from Kalyan)
badlpur ka status he? (sent from Badlapur)
kalyan status?? (sent from Kalyan)
Any problems on Karjat line?
what is status of kasara To CST trains... (sent from Titwala)
what about down line from Mulund to reach @kalyan
Are trains to Badlapur running from Kalyan ?
kya mei collg jaaa sakta hu thane to vidyavihar? (sent from Thane Stn.)
trains are running time?
trains are late or on tym......???? 
is train running on time?  (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
is train running on time?  (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
Train are running between Karjat to cst?
are trains on tym from kalyan ???
What is train status........ (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
dombivli to khopoli on time??? (sent from Dombivli)
is there any problem from kalyan to kasara
train running on time frm kalyan ? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
train running on time frm kalyan ? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
trains are running on time? (sent from Dombivli)
thane to cst? (sent from Thane Stn.)
central se trains suru hai kya?? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
is trains are on time?
Are train running on time from khopoli to karjat? (sent from Khopoli)
Are the trains running from Thane to CST? (sent from Thane)
half hour late hai kya trn? 
is there any train from kalyan  to thane
ambernath to cst??
ambernath to cst??
Central line Dombivli se time per he ?? ki bandh he ?? (sent from Dombivli)
Karjat?  (sent from Vithalwadi)
central line status towards cat? (sent from Ambernath Stn.)
Are the Kalyan to CST trains running properly?
what is status towards CST 
trains chalu aahet ka?
train let chalu aahe ka...? (sent from Thane Stn.)
what's the status at sion and matunga (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
trains chalu aahet ka?
?????? (sent from Kalyan)
any update about trns dombivali to cst?  (sent from Dombivli)
ulhasnagar to dadar are trains are running? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
what's  the status  of train from dombivali??? (sent from Kopar)
what is the status of Trains @ Dombivli (sent from Dombivli)
what is the status of Trains @ Dombivli (sent from Dombivli)
r trains running on time?  (sent from Mulund)
what is the condition of trains from kalyan to thane (sent from Vithalwadi Stn.)
train is working properly from byculla to duva? please update  (sent from Byculla Stn.)
central rail suru aahe ka?? towards CST
Dombivli train status?
central line trains are running or Not
do  fast and semi fast train halt at mulund today? (sent from Dombivli)
r trains running on time?  (sent from Mulund)
are trains runnig on time?
trains are running or not??  (sent from Shahad)
train mein hai kya raani?  (sent from Badlapur Stn.)
what about fast train (sent from Dombivli)
m at Kalyan is it good to go kurla now ????
train mein hai kya raani?  (sent from Badlapur Stn.)
its raining to who ever dont know this (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
train are on time?? ( from Kalyan? (sent from Kalyan)
what about trains from titwala (sent from Ambivli Stn.)
Kalyan to CST train status?
what about trains from titwala (sent from Ambivli Stn.)
asangaon k train chal rhe h Kya?? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
Dombivli to Kasara trains are on time?  (sent from Dombivli)
are trains running on time ? (sent from Vithalwadi)
ट्रेन वेळेवर आहेत का?
are all trains running on proper time?? (sent from Kalyan)
karjat to cst?  (sent from Karjat)
are Thane to Cst trains on time?
down side trains ontime hai? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
down side? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
any train issues on slow track? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
what's the status of the train?  (sent from Thane)
dombivli to thane trains are on time??? (sent from Dombivli)
what's the status in titwala (sent from Titwala Stn.)
what's the status in titwala (sent from Titwala Stn.)
thane to kalyan trains ka status kya hai? r they running right time?
what's the status in Badlapur?? (sent from Badlapur)
dombivli to CST train chalu hai kya?
Thane to Kurla train running? (sent from Kalva)
Are CSMT trains on time????
what is the current status of train (sent from Mumbra Stn.)
what is the current status of train (sent from Mumbra Stn.)
what is status of Kalyan to Kasara Train
shahad to cst train chalu ahet ka properly?? (sent from Shahad)
what is the status of Kasara 10 10 local
ghatkoper dombivali Cal raha hai Kya ??
are trains running on central line today? 
Badlapur to.Thne kuch idea? (sent from Badlapur)
what is the status about Western line ?
trains are late? (sent from Thakurli)
status for up fast trains to cst?  (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
DOMBIVLI TO DADAR status ? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
what's the status of trains towards CSMT. (sent from Dombivli)
DOMBIVLI TO DADAR status ? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
What is stetus on kalyan to titwala train (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
train are running or not ? (sent from Kalyan)
are trains running on time from Thane to cst?  (sent from Kalva)
are trains running on time from Thane to cst? 
train are running or not ? (sent from Kalyan)
down side trains ka kya status hai? (sent from Juinagar Stn.)
what is train time from titwala station
whether trains are running from kalyan to CST?
train towards karjat? (sent from Ambernath)
shahad to kurla route are ok or not
what is the status of trains from thane  (sent from Kalva)
how long are they late??? (sent from Kalva)
trains are running or not??
trains ??? (sent from Badlapur)
dombivli to thane are the trains working on time? 
trains to Kasara are running on time or not
what is the status of train from thane  (sent from Kalva)
trains status? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
train status from thane to cst??? (sent from Thane)
are trains available today??? (sent from Bhandup)
how long are trains late from thane 2 cst (sent from Kalva)
Thane status ? (sent from Rabale)
train towards karjat? (sent from Ambernath)
Mumbai to Pune mail express chalu hai kya?  (sent from Kalyan)
what's about train Dombivali to Bhandup now on time ddkay
what about asangaon to cst trains??
kindly update about pragati express?  (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
is karjat route blocked? (sent from Ambernath)
towards kalyan are trains running? (sent from Matunga Stn.)
train chalu aahe aka? (sent from Kalva)
train chalu aahe aka? (sent from Kalva)
karjat anyone? (sent from Ambernath)
what is central line status
what current status about Badlapur to cst.? 
Mumbai to Pune mail express chalu hai kya?  (sent from Kalyan)
Ghatkopar to knopali train running?
Ghatkopar to knopali train running?
why delayed
kab tak train time pe chalegi?? (sent from Kalyan)
are train running smoothly between Kalyan to CST? pl answer.
There is heavy rain it would be better to stay at home travel only if necessary as till evening if such rain continue it would happen like last year when everyone stucked up in evening. (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
are trains late ? (sent from Mulund)
what is the status of train at cst side
Dombivli to CST slow up trains functional? (sent from Thakurli Stn.)
what about the Titwala to CST  (sent from Ambivli)
what about the Titwala to CST  (sent from Ambivli)
how is the condition from Kalyan to CST? 
what about Kalyan to cst
what about Kalyan to cst
ulhasnagar to cst train ? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
towards cst??? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
what abt ghtkopar to badlapur? (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
what about ghatkopar to Kalyan (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)
where is the thane local (sent from Vidyavihar)
what about bombivli to cst (sent from Dombivli)
central railway chalu aahe ka??? (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)
Wht about mulund to kalyan trains? are the functioning?  (sent from Thakurli)
where is the thane local (sent from Vidyavihar)
what about kalyan to csmt
what about thane 2 dadar 
what about titwala to dombivali running on time 🏃 (sent from Ambivli)
any issue from kalyan to cst fast train??  (sent from Vithalwadi Stn.)
Wht about mulund to kalyan trains? are the functioning?  (sent from Thakurli)
thane 2 dadar? (sent from Thane Stn.)
any issue from kalyan to cst fast train??  (sent from Vithalwadi Stn.)
train kitna min late h?? (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)
wait what??? I am in auto for station and want to go to thane (sent from Kalyan)
train on time or delay?
what about kalyan to cst
just heard, central trains have stopped, is it true? (sent from Jogeshwari Stn.)
?? (sent from Vithalwadi Stn.)
what about dadar to pune mail express (sent from Kalyan)
what about dadar to pune mail express
what about locals between Thane-Badlapur ?? are they on time??
kitna min late hoga train???  (sent from Ambernath Stn.)
status of kalyan to train?? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
Are mulund to cst trains running? 
Ambernath to CSMT train running status?  (sent from Ambernath Stn.)
kalyan te thane prayant train calu aaye ka? please send (sent from Kalyan)
11.01 badlapur status ? (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)
how are train runnibg on central line (sent from Kopar)
thank to cst ??
can I reach karjat by train? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
Thane to cst ? (sent from Churchgate Stn.)
Thane to cst ? (sent from Churchgate Stn.)
is there a train from titwala to cst (sent from Titwala Stn.)
any updates for train running from Mumbra?
how is the position now, r trains running upto thane (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)
anybody is there at mumbra station. please tell me what is the status of the train towards cst
any update about trains to karjat??
Are trains on time from Kalyan? 
what is the problem (sent from Vithalwadi Stn.)
trains running normal to CST from Thane? 
hi what is the status from shahad anf asangaon (sent from Shahad)
wat is announcement at Kalyan?? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
central railway ulhas nagar to kuthla train chalu aahe ka???? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
bhandup to cst trains running on time?? (sent from Bhandup)
how are Thane to kurla trains running ? (sent from Thane Stn.)
titwala to thane running?? (sent from Vasind)
 Are they on time from kalyan?  (sent from Vithalwadi Stn.)
are trains running from Thane to dombivali?
any one can tell me what about karjat train from kalyan (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
train late hai kya ?? koi btao ..muze job pe jana hai (sent from Dativali Stn.)
? (sent from Thane)
what is the status of Titwala CST train (sent from Titwala)
What is train status  (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
what's status of train toward CST  (sent from Bhandup)
Govind kanojia,bro where did the community come in between?? you seem to be an educated moron i guess! (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)
towards CST trains are on???? (sent from Rabale)
kalyan to badlapur train stoped ? (sent from Thakurli Stn.)
are trains running from kalyan to karjat???? (sent from Kalyan)
klyan to karjat track chalu hai kya? (sent from Panvel Stn.)
what about trains from dombivali to cst (sent from Dadar)
what is the position between kalyan and karjat
are they on time from kalyan?  (sent from Vithalwadi Stn.)
guys thane to cst are trains running??
are trains working to CSTM on time? 
kalyan to thane?????  (sent from Kalyan)
kalyan to kasara train chalu hai kya,,? 
kalyan to thane?????  (sent from Kalyan)
thane to cst??? (sent from Thane)
thane to cst ? 
why train being stuck near kyn. stn.   (sent from Kalyan)
kalyan te thane chaku hai kya? (sent from Shahad)
kalyan to cst?
what's the status from Kalyan?  (sent from Vithalwadi Stn.)
is there  any train runnung? from badlpur to cst? at any time?
are down trains running properly?
are down trains running properly? (sent from Vidyavihar Stn.)
Status about Kalyan to csmt train?? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
Status about Kalyan to csmt train?? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
Hi, Thane to Cst train on time ?? (sent from Thane)
what is the current train status? I want to travel to andheri (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
what happens in kalyan St  (sent from Titwala Stn.)
Csmt la janarya train chlu aahet ka? late aaslya tar kiti laye aahet ? Sion Kurlyala Pani tubletar nahina ? (sent from Dombivli)
what about ghatkopar to kalyan (sent from Andheri)
dombivali se train time pe he kya???  (sent from Dombivli)
what is the current status?I want to travel from Dombivli to Andheri in the afternoon (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
dadar to Ulhasnagar Kya haal hai ? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
what about cat karjat trains  (sent from Badlapur)
what is the problem in kalyan Station
Are Trains In Central Line Running on Time ???
àmbernath se chalu h kya? (sent from Seawood Darave Stn.)
Are Trains In Central Line Running on Time ???
trains running from Mumbra? 
Ambetnath Slow local of 10:22 which was halted at kalyan station for more than 50 mins has been cancelled and converted to CST spl (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
if trains are on time?  (sent from Thakurli)
hello train from Dombivali to cst is it on time?
what is Dombivali to cst train status (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
trains are on time from Shahad to CST?
What is issue (sent from Shahad)
Are there any trains towards khopoli??????
karjat, khopli trains chalu ahet ka, central line? 
are trains late between mulund to ghatkopar? 
what is update about karjat train
what is status central train (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)
at what time (sent from Vikhroli)
is the fast train ruining toward cst (sent from Thane Stn.)
what is the status of Kalyan to CST train (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)
why the trains are stuck nr vithalwadi are they gone get cancelled?  (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
Mr Rahul r u on mumbra stn ??
thane  to cst local running ???  (sent from Thane Stn.)
What is the current status of local towards CST
dom to dadar trains are available?? (sent from Dombivli)
what is about asangaov train???  (sent from Nerul)
are trains late between mulund to ghatkopar? 
12071 janshatabdi aajchi nighnar ka?
vashi to thane train  are running today??? (sent from Vashi Stn.)
what is the status of badlapur train to csmt (sent from Ambernath Stn.)
is train running from dombivli to thane?? (sent from Vithalwadi Stn.)
Are Trains in Central Line on Time ???(Kalva To CSMT)
why r everyone asking questions...better hai ki status batao train ka (sent from Thane Stn.)
train chalu hai thana to cst?? (sent from Thane Stn.)
Kalyan se train are running?? (sent from Vithalwadi Stn.)
diva tetion to cst train chalu ahet ka ? (sent from Dativali)
what is status between kalyan & CSMT up & down locals
which trains (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
thane to cst trains r running ?
thane to cst proper trains? hai ya nhi (sent from Thane)
what about vidyavihar to cst? (sent from Chembur)
what is the train status from thane to cst (sent from Thane)
thane to cst proper trains? hai ya nhi (sent from Thane)
Late or stopped? (sent from Ambernath)
guys any one help to know what is the status for badlapur to karjat trains  (sent from Badlapur)
what about pune expresses?
why ? (sent from Thakurli Stn.)
what is the current status of locals between Thane to cstm pls update. 
I am In the train towards CST which is standing on the same place from past 20 mins (sent from Vithalwadi Stn.)
what's the status of Kurla station? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
what's the status of Kurla station? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
vashi to thane train are running today?? (sent from Vashi Stn.)
Late or stopped? (sent from Ambernath)
what is the current status of locals between Thane to cstm pls update. 
are trains running from kalyan to cst?  (sent from Vithalwadi)
m at Ghatkopar...whats the status of slow trains ..kalyan paryant pochna shakya ahe ka?? (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
what problem in Kalyan,  Vithalwadi me train rukaya hai kabse
locals train are running or not ? kindly update towards Thane to cstm.
what is the status of kalyan to thane? (sent from Kalyan)
train are on time or not
what is current stetus centralrailway (sent from Mulund)
what are the status of busses from Kalyan to vashi..does anyone know???  (sent from Shahad)
thane to cst train are running kya ?? (sent from Bhandup)
What is the status Mail/expressed trains? 
bai koi bata de.trains ka kuch problem hai kya? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
whether trains are close from thane to CST?
Ulhasnagar to thane trains ka update? (sent from Ambernath)
thanks to all friends, who are given updates for Karjat local
train status? (sent from Vithalwadi)
thane to cstm train runing ?? (sent from Airoli)
thane to cstm train runing ?? (sent from Airoli)
train status till Dadar from Kurla???? (sent from Kurla Stn.)
are there any trains running between Kalyan to karjat?
Dombivali train are on time ? (sent from Dombivli)
is titwala-kalyan line running ol? (sent from Titwala Stn.)
what is the current status of trains. (sent from Diva Jn)
cst me jane wale train kitna minit let hai ? (sent from Dativali)
is there trains running between Titwala n Thane (sent from Titwala Stn.)
are trains late?
thane se dombivli trains kitne late hai??
Thane to CST train chalu hai Kya? (sent from Kalva)
what about trains between Ghatkopar and cst (sent from Dahisar)
cst me jane wale train kitna minit let hai ? (sent from Dativali)
what about kalyan to karjat
So is there no trains from Kalyan to UlhasNagar? (sent from Thakurli Stn.)
cst jaane wali train chalu hai kya? (sent from Mumbra)
are trains going till kalyan? (sent from Sion Stn.)
So is there no trains from Kalyan to UlhasNagar? (sent from Thakurli Stn.)
train is on time?? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
are trains on time ? (sent from Nahur)
are trains on time ? (sent from Nahur)
thane to narul ?? (sent from Thane Stn.)
what's the issue  (sent from Mulund)
Thane to cst train how much late
is there any problem at klyan stn,? (sent from Kalyan)
vithalwadi to ambarnath train is working? (sent from Vithalwadi)
Any status  about Kalyan To CSMT ? (sent from Shahad)
what is status of badlapur (sent from Badlapur)
train status? (sent from Thane)
dadar to Kalyan? (sent from Kandivali)
Ambarnath to Karjat train chalu hai kya?? (sent from Ambernath)
what is the current status kanjur to dadar
any problem in kalyan station? (sent from Kalyan)
cst to Kalyan train ahe Ka?
is there any running train from Ambernath till Dombivli?
what's the status of kalyan to karjat train (sent from Thane)
 vikhroli to ghatkopar train status??
Is there water log 
Kurla to Dadar status kya hai??? (sent from Kurla Stn.)
Where is the water logging (sent from Thakurli Stn.)
what's the status of kalyan to karjat train (sent from Thane)
so is it working or not? have to leave for asangaon
can anyone tell train status towards cst? (sent from Kopar Stn.)
r trains running fem thane to cst on time? (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)
what is status of central railway trains towardscst (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
kurla to cst train chalu hai??
Thane To kalyan status ? (sent from Mumbra)
are trains running from kalyan to cst ? (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)
are karjat to ghatkopar train running? (sent from Khopoli Stn.)
can anyone tell train status towards cst? (sent from Kopar Stn.)
confirm hain??
what is status of central railway trains towardscst (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
trains on time? (sent from Mulund Stn.)
train running for titwala? (sent from Kanjur Marg)
what is the status of down trains towards badlapur?
dombivli to cst are trains working? (sent from Thakurli)
is there any train for titwala (sent from Kalyan)
tarin status  about bhandup to ambernath??? (sent from Bhandup)
hi guys ..what was the status of Ambernath to kalyan..reply fast.. (sent from Ambernath)
what about Sion? (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)
are trains running till kalyan plz reply? (sent from Kurla)
Are trains from kalyan to thane working? (sent from Kalyan)
ambernath to CST ? (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)
 hello what's the current update stuck at ulhasnagar to kalyan (sent from Ambernath)
badlapur CST Ka kya haal h ?
are train running towards cst????
what  (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)
trains working from Kalyan to cst or not please reply ? (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)
its raining heavily everywhere or only in Dombivli ? (sent from Dombivli)
train status from Diva..? (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)
 upside status ambernath to cst?? (sent from Ambernath)
still in train which is halted in between Kalyan and shahad since last 1 hour (sent from Kalyan)
trains are running or not?? (sent from Badlapur)
kalyan to cst road clear hai kya...? 
Ghatkopar to cst all okay? (sent from Dahisar)
thane to dadar ? (sent from Koparkhairne Stn.)
thane to dombivli running ok???
is thane to kasara trains are running? (sent from Thane Stn.)
thane kalyan suru aahet ka? (sent from Airoli)
any update for central line trains ? any delays or complete shut down ?
trains from kalyan to dadar are working or not ? please let me know ..
R the trains delayed on central line??  (sent from Govandi)
Kalyan to CST trains chalu he ???
thane to kasara? (sent from Thane Stn.)
Kalyan to CST trains chalu he ???
Trains from dombivli to kasara are on time?  (sent from Dombivli)
thane to kasara? (sent from Thane Stn.)
Kalyan to CST trains chalu he ???
Kalyan k aage train chalu h kya??for vithalvadi  (sent from Govandi)
what is the situation towards kalyan from Ghatkopar 
How many minutes train delay right now  (sent from Dativali)
How many minutes train delay right now  (sent from Dativali)
train r working from Shahad??  (sent from Shahad Stn.)
kalyan to  kasara working ? (sent from Kalyan)
pakka kya?  (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
kalyan to karjat train chalu ahet kaa ? (sent from Dadar Stn.)
kalyan cst chalu hai kya? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
Dombivli to cst trains are there? (sent from Thakurli Stn.)
what is local train status at vithalwadi.
Anywone who wants to travel towards Kasara, please do not leave. Trains are cancelled. (sent from Titwala)
dombivli to dadar trains????
Ghatkopar to dombivali? (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
central line working? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
badlapur to csmt , trains are running on time? (sent from Badlapur Stn.)
kalyan to kasara ? (sent from Kalyan)
dombivli to Thane train running ?  (sent from Dombivli)
cst kalyan tran status please??
what is the problem on central track (sent from Kalyan)
status of trains from cst to thane?
is any train reached vithalwadi from kalyan? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
Dombivli to CST trains running? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
cst to thane!! what is the situation?? (sent from Bhandup)
shahad to asangaon?? plsss give status
Dombivali to ambarnath trains are running or not?
what is the status if train from vikhroli to thane?? (sent from Vikhroli)
karjat kalyan chalu aahe ka ?
is there is train running badlapur to bhandup?
plz tell karjat la janarya trains chalu aahet ka? (sent from Thane)
can please someone tell me ! are train running from thane to ghatkopar ?  (sent from Kalva)
kalyan to asangaon..?  (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
status of trains from cst to thane? (sent from Cst Stn.)
titwala to kalyan suru hai? (sent from Titwala Stn.)
dombivali to Thane..?? (sent from Thakurli Stn.)
Whats the status from Ghatkopar to kalyan? any idea?
खड़ावली ते ठाणे रेल्वे चालू आहेत का"?
what about ambernath to karjat
what is status of fast trains towards karjat or ambernath  (sent from Chunabhatti Stn.)
kalyan se train kitna min late hai? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
trains are on Time?  (sent from Vithalwadi Stn.)
is there any problem on kasara line (sent from Titwala Stn.)
is there any problem on kasara line (sent from Titwala Stn.)
is 12:46 on time?? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
dombvali to ambarnath train chalu aahe ka?
dombvali to ambarnath train chalu aahe ka?
Kalyan to cst trains status ? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
Whats the status from Ghatkopar to kalyan? any idea?
towards kasara train chalu aahet ka ? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
Is The Trains Are Going To Badlapur Or Cancelled (sent from Govandi Stn.)
diva to csmt trains??? (sent from Dativali)
diva to can't trains???
dombvali to ambarnath train chalu aahe ka?
? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
अंबरनाथ ते कर्जत ट्रेन चालू आहेत का??? plz reply
dombvali to ambarnath train chalu aahe ka?
अंबरनाथ ते कर्जत ट्रेन चालू आहेत का??? plz reply
diva to csmt trains??? (sent from Dativali)
dombvali to ambarnath train chalu aahe ka?
what is current status
are trains running??????  (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
CST varun karjat la yayla konti train ahe? (sent from Karjat)
कल्याण शहाड कुछ प्रॉब्लेम है क्या?  (sent from Andheri Stn.)
dombavali to csmt train status?  (sent from Dombivli)
Ambernath to Karjat Amy chance ?
Karjat to cst working?
whats the status from ghatkopar to kalyan ? (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
what is the stats Ambernath?
what about status train now
yeah what is status
is there any train towards thane (sent from Vikhroli)
karjat to CSMT trains are working?? (sent from Karjat)
Thane karjat train service is there ? (sent from Vithalwadi Stn.)
Karjat to cst working?
what is the status from Ghatkopar to Kalyan?? someone please reply
what is kalyan to CSMT trains status ups n down?
please update the status from dombivli to cst?  (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
trains working from ghatkopar to kalyan? 
Asangaon train che kahi update? (sent from Titwala Stn.)
confirm hain??
is this trains are running pune to dadar (sent from Bhandup)
ghatkopar see klayan Tak trains chalu hai Kya..?
from dombivali r trains working ?? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
well all tracks on kalyan under water just a fast train entered but don't know when it will leave kalyan (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
Kalyan to cst train chalu hai ky?  (sent from Ambernath)
what no
guys are train on time from kalyan to cst? (sent from Vithalwadi)
Is the train were going on time
ambernath to thane train r working? 
what about trains from Dombivli to CST (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
trains are running on time from kalyan to cst?? (sent from Vithalwadi)
are trains from Ambernath to cstm plying? (sent from Ambernath)
Karjat to CST?
trains are available from ambernath?  (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)
are trains from Ambernath to cstm plying? (sent from Ambernath)
any update for kalyan kasar train??
Karjat to CST?
any update for kalyan kasar train??
is there train from kanjurmarg to kalyan
pani bharne ke karan trains bohat lte he aur kuch cancel.he (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
cst to ambernath are the trains running?  (sent from Cst Stn.)
hello anyone at kalyan station? (sent from Vithalwadi)
kalyan to cst shuru hai kya??  (sent from Manasarovar)
trains chalu hai Kya ? from kurla  (sent from Tilak Nagar Stn.)
pani bharne ke karan trains bohat lte he aur kuch cancel.he (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
hi are trains going up to kalyan only?  (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
pani bharne ke karan trains bohat lte he aur kuch cancel.he (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
hello all, are trains working on time? (sent from Ambernath)
is it on time?
Any local train delays? Thane to CST?
what are the train status (sent from Nahur)
is train working from thane to cst?  (sent from Bhandup)
kalyan to tiwala train chalu hai? 
what about Dombivli to CST (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
karjat to ambernath updates ??? (sent from Karjat)
name? (sent from Ghansoli)
is there any announcements for kasara (sent from Kalyan)
karjat to ambernath updates ??? (sent from Karjat)
kalwa to thane what's the status? please. (sent from Kalva)
Nahur to dadar what is train status (sent from Nahur)
what is train status kalyan 
are trains on time? (sent from Vidyavihar)
what about Thane to thakurli (sent from Koparkhairne)
what about Thane to thakurli (sent from Koparkhairne)
what about todays train running smoothly or not csmt to ambernath  (sent from Vile Parle)
is it safe to go from GHAT KOPAR to CST (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
are trains running on central line ?
is there any train from ghatkopar to Thane
nerul to thane trn chalu hai kya? (sent from Nerul Stn.)
what about kurla and sion status
is kalyan to cst trains running? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
ambernath station la ata kay announce kelay ? (sent from Ambernath Stn.)
??
ghankopar to Kalyan ?? (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)
kalyan to titwala ka status?  (sent from Vidyavihar Stn.)
stuck at Atgaon... any chance to go to kalyan ??
Karjat se cst chal raha hai kya?
mumbra to Thane train ??
ghankopar to Kalyan ?? (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)
stuck at Atgaon... any chance to go to kalyan ?? (sent from Khardi)
on time ki slow ? (sent from Kopar Stn.)
Dadar se varli train ahet ka??? (sent from Badlapur)
Dadar Sathi train chalu ahe ka??
cst to kalyan?  (sent from Cst Stn.)
ghatkopr to Dombivli??
trains are running? (sent from Koparkhairne Stn.)
thana to asangaon ?
ghatkopr to Dombivli??
cst to thane train chalu ahte ka ?? (sent from Sewri)
train are running from kalyan to badlapur? (sent from Thakurli Stn.)
cst to kalyan?  (sent from Cst Stn.)
Sion se chalu Hai Kya? (sent from Gtb Nagar Stn.)
what is the train status at ghatkopar
thane to kalyan chalu hai kya? (sent from Nahur Stn.)
Ambernath station la kay announcement hot ahe ?? sanga re baba...  (sent from Ambernath Stn.)
titwala se CST train chalu hai kya? (sent from Titwala Stn.)
mumbra Thane ???
please any update at dombivali station? (sent from Dombivli)
what is the condition at sion station anybody plz
trains in central line are on time kya?? (sent from Thane)
trains are running from karjat to Mumbai? (sent from Karjat Stn.)
ghatkopr to Dombivli kya status??
what about sion (sent from Gtb Nagar Stn.)
titwala train chalu hai ka??? (sent from Kalva)
vitthal vadi  la pani bharala ahe ? (sent from Elphinstone Road Stn.)
trains are running from dombivali to badlapur or karjat? (sent from Dombivli)
thane to khopoli trains are working or not?
really? (sent from Karjat Stn.)
Are the trains affected due to rains today?
Are the trains affected due to rains today?
what about Thane to karjat  (sent from Rabale)
what status from vikhroli to cstm (sent from Vikhroli)
ghansoli to  thane trains ? 
kasara to Kalyan chalu ahet ka ? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
what status from vikhroli to cstm (sent from Vikhroli)
updates of ambernath stn??? (sent from Karjat)
are trains running  properly down kalyan..?  (sent from Ghatkopar)
status from Sion to Kalyan? (sent from Gtb Nagar Stn.)
what about Kurla CST (sent from Vidyavihar)
please can anyone tell me the status of Kurla to curry road ?? (sent from Nerul Stn.)
ghatkopar to kasara???  (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
train between kurla to cst????  (sent from Kurla Stn.)
ghatkopar to karjat train ???
hello sanika damle, ghatkopr to Dombivli train status??
Dombivali status? (sent from Kopar)
trains are working properly from kalyan to cstm??? (sent from Shahad)
what is the status of trains
train is running from Kalyan to cst?  (sent from Ambernath Stn.)
kalyan to cst trains chalu h ki band h?? (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)
thane to kalyan? (sent from Thane Stn.)
thane to csmt trains are working or not????? (sent from Thane)
thane to kalyan? (sent from Thane Stn.)
Thane to karajt train Calu hain kya???  (sent from Thane Stn.)
train late ahet ka up down???? (sent from Vidyavihar)
badlapur To ulhasnagar train status?  (sent from Badlapur)
R trains running from CST to Kalyan? (sent from Kings Circle Stn.)
cst to kasara local train is there or not
thane to kalyan down any train issue?? (sent from Thane)
trains r in time or not  ? (sent from Lower Parel)
are trains running between badlapur and ambernath??? (sent from Karjat)
kasara thane line is working or not??  (sent from Vashi)
are trains working properly from klyn to cstm? (sent from Shahad Stn.)
can anyone let me know status of Titwala to Mulund train status?? (sent from Titwala Stn.)
ghatkopar to kasara train running or not???  (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
dombivli to dadar trains r going? (sent from Dombivli)
dombivali to cst? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
what is the status of trains at dombivali?
thane to kasata chalu ahe kaa ?? 
please any one tell me between dadar to byculla trains are working or not????  (sent from Vidyavihar Stn.)
mulund to CST?
is train  available  from Dombivli to thane.? 
Kalyan to Kurla chalu hai??? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
mulund to dombivli any issue?? (sent from Mulund Stn.)
What about the train's running from Thane towards Dadar?  (sent from Ghansoli)
train status ? (sent from Vidyavihar Stn.)
is train on time????
 what is status of ambarnath to kalyan
What about harbour (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)
trains between Mulund and Dadar available?
is train  available  from Dombivli to thane.? 
dombvali to ambarnath trains chalu aahet ka?
kurla se thane ki train chal rahi hey kya? 
train from cstm to badlapur are imrunning?
is trains towards dombivili available? (sent from Nahur)
trains are working properly from kalyan to cst?  (sent from Shahad Stn.)
cst to Kalyan any issue? (sent from Vithalwadi)
kalyan to thane... any update? (sent from Belapur Cbd Stn.)
CST to Vikhroli trains running??
kasara to Thane is working?  stucked over 40mns near khardi  (sent from Vasind Stn.)
dadar to churchgate route? (sent from Rabale)
hey Dadar to Thane trains are working? 
dadar to churchgate route?
एक्सप्रेस गाडी बंद आहे का आज..? (sent from Kings Circle Stn.)
thane to Kurla any status? (sent from Kalva)
Badlapur to cst is it working???  (sent from Badlapur)
thana dombivli chalu ahe ka?
thane to kasara train chalu hai kya???  (sent from Mira Road)
सेंट्रल लाईन वर चे एक्सप्रेस गाडी बंद आहे का आज..? (sent from Kings Circle Stn.)
thane to Kurla any status? (sent from Kalva)
badlapur to kalyan chalu jaali ahe ka ?? (sent from Elphinstone Road Stn.)
what happnd in central line, is trains are running (sent from Lower Parel)
hey guys Kya aap bataa saktey hai k titwala to kalyan k beech may trains ka status Kya chal Raha hai? (sent from Titwala Stn.)
what is current status of today train (sent from Badlapur)
Kalyan to thane how much time delayed running  (sent from Vithalwadi)
bhai are trains running between Kurla and curry road ? (sent from Nerul Stn.)
thane to CST any updates??
thane to CST any updates??
kalyan to titwala train chalu hai kya?? pls update karo (sent from Grant Road)
what is the status of kalyan stn ? (sent from Shahad Stn.)
what is the status of kalyan stn ? (sent from Shahad Stn.)
what is the status of kalyan stn ? (sent from Shahad Stn.)
train status ?
are trains going from Kurla to curry road ?? (sent from Nerul Stn.)
Thane to Kalyan what is status?? (sent from Airoli Stn.)
Thane to Kalyan what is status?? (sent from Airoli Stn.)
kasara?? from kalyan chalu h kya (sent from Shahad Stn.)
kurla to csmt ? (sent from Vidyavihar)
what's the status of Mumbai bound csmt local down from Kalyan
hi what is the latest new about central line (sent from Mulund)
what is the status of Ambernath to CST?? (sent from Ambernath)
thane to kalyan ?? any update  (sent from Thane Stn.)
are trains running from cst to karjat?
Mulund to Kalyan me bohot barish hai kya? (sent from Mulund Stn.)
kurla to cst? (sent from Vidyavihar)
train chalu hai kya? (sent from Thakurli Stn.)
badlapur to thane? any update? (sent from Badlapur)
kurla to cst? status (sent from Vidyavihar)
badlapur to thane? any update? (sent from Badlapur)
Dombivli to catch chalu he? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
 karjat to Cst train chalu he???  (sent from Neral Stn.)
Ulhasnagar To thane local Chalu he kya????  (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
 karjat to Cst train chalu he???  (sent from Neral Stn.)
asangaon to kalyan trains r working or not
thane to kasara chalu hai kya ???? 
?? (sent from Badlapur Stn.)
thane to dombivli train running?
its on time or not? (sent from Dombivli)
???
kurla to cst? status (sent from Vidyavihar)
why train dealy
what about kasara  (sent from Cst)
Hi how is going all trains in central lines
what's the status for asangaon to kalyan (sent from Asangaon Stn.)
kurla se mumbra ki train chalu hai kya???
Hi how is going all trains in central lines
wats d status of trains from unr to thane? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
which are the stations having train problem due to rain? (sent from Vithalwadi)
thane - kalyan trains are running ? (sent from Juinagar)
 what about kasara train please update  (sent from Cst Stn.)
is there tain for thane to ambernath (sent from Mulund Stn.)
kurla to karjat - are the trains working? (sent from Kings Circle Stn.)
???? (sent from Vithalwadi)
Are trains working from badlapur to thane ? (sent from Badlapur)
 what about kasara train please update  (sent from Cst Stn.)
what about kalyan to Ambarnath? (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)
badlapur to thane any update? (sent from Badlapur)
Are trains working from badlapur to thane ? (sent from Badlapur)
what is the status at badlapur station  (sent from Vangani Stn.)
badlapur te cst chalu aahe ka.? (sent from Badlapur)
cst to Kalyan train chalu hai Kya? (sent from Churchgate Stn.)
Are trains working from titwala to CST? (sent from Titwala Stn.)
what is the status from thane to kalyan (sent from Thane Stn.)
what about vithalwadi to Mulund (sent from Vithalwadi)
are thane to kalyan trains working? 
are any trains going from cstm to Vikhroli?
mulund to Dombivali chalu h Kya train?  (sent from Nahur)
?? (sent from Dombivli)
which status Ghatkopar to mumbra
what's the current situation of central teains  (sent from Mahalakshmi Stn.)
what is the status of kalyan to cst (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
what about Kalyan to anbarnath, badlapur, karjat and khopoli line ? please update the same.  (sent from Mumbra Stn.)
is there train are running between thane to bhandup
bhnadup to thane train is running? (sent from Bhandup Stn.)
what is the current train status at Parel? (sent from Currey Road)
Kalyan to Asangaon train chalu zhalya ka???? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
train came to Badlapur, for CST, which was announsed for Ambarnath initially (sent from Badlapur Stn.)
dombivli to CST ja rah Hai Kya? got to know ki aahe halt ho ja raha Hai. is it worth taking a shot?
karjat to khopoli train status ..train are working? (sent from Ambernath)
 is there available trains between thane to ghatkopar (sent from Koparkhairne Stn.)
what is status of ghatkopar to thane?  (sent from Ghatkopar)
trains running from Thane to CST? (sent from Thane)
can tell anyone what status of train from Mulund to dadar? 
?
what is the status of kurla to thane ?
nasik ke liye express chalu hai kya????  (sent from Mira Road)
Whts the status from dadar to karat?
trains running between matunga and vidyavihar? (sent from Kings Circle Stn.)
what is the status of kurla to thane ?
trains chalu hai kya? (sent from Kalyan)
what is the train status?  (sent from Cst)
Whts the status from dadar to karat?
Kasara Asangaon train chalu ahe ka???? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
are kalyan to cst local running?? (sent from Vithalwadi)
train are working? (sent from Tilak Nagar)
kalyan to badlapur?
Dadar Sathi train ahe ka?? (sent from Ghatkopar)
kalyan to badlapur? (sent from Sion Stn.)
what is the train running status from Ghatkopar to Kalyan
is trains running from Thane to Ghatkopar? pls confirm (sent from Thane)
thane kalyan train ka sts kya hai? (sent from Seawood Darave Stn.)
train are running right?? it is that they are running late..from CST to karjat kasara?? (sent from Parel)
what is the status of Trains?  (sent from Elphinstone Road)
is there any train from titwala to kalyan
what's the status about thane to cst trains (sent from Marine Lines)
karjat to khopoli? (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)
is there is rush in trains to thane
trains running between Kalyan to Badlapur? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
what is the status from matunga to ulhasnagar slow trains
is there any train from titwala to kalyan
bhandup to cst??  train working on time?  (sent from Bhandup)
kurla to kalyan train status kya hai? (sent from Khar Road)
what status of Kalyan station (sent from Khadavli Stn.)
anyone at kalyan station?? can please tell me if trains are running towards cst? (sent from Vithalwadi)
sion to cst???? (sent from Sion)
what is status from vikhroli to Sion? (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)
anyone at kalyan station?? can please tell me if trains are running towards cst? (sent from Vithalwadi)
ambernath to cst chalu hai kya ???
cast to kalyan train are working now? 
what @ Pune trains ??  (sent from Thakurli)
thane to dombivli trains are available or not..??
Dadar Sathi train ahe ka? (sent from Ghatkopar)
no train for ambernath, Badlapur, Karjat from dadar (sent from Dadar Stn.)
what is current status from Dombivili to Thane
bhandup to cst.. train working on time??  (sent from Bhandup)
trains between kurla to badlapur.. are they working ??
thane to cst status ? (sent from Mumbra Stn.)
so trains have been stopped?? or its delayed? (sent from Vithalwadi)
thakurli towards up ? (sent from Thakurli Stn.)
is there any train issue. should we have to go home. it's raining too much. are the train on time (sent from Jogeshwari)
ghatkopar to thane.??. plzz reply (sent from Ghatkopar)
any train problems towards kalyan?
Is there any problems between Kalyan to Badlapur  (sent from Ambernath)
what about Khopoli to cst? pls update (sent from Khopoli)
train status for Mulund to Kalyan? (sent from Nahur)
train status for Mulund to Kalyan? (sent from Mulund Stn.)
central line is working?
is there any problem between mulund and thane?  (sent from Mulund)
? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
will it be possible for me to reach vasai via diva now.....????? (sent from Neral Stn.)
what are status of Kalyan station (sent from Khadavli Stn.)
is central line working .?
is there trains for kalyan?????
asangaon ke liye train chalu hai Kay friends??  (sent from Thane)
is central line working .?
what's central line train current situation, are trains running. on track?
are trains working?  (sent from Matunga Road Stn.)
what about vishal wadi station.  (sent from Mulund)
 mulund ka kya Hal he?  (sent from Mulund)
guys what status about badlapur to karjat (sent from Badlapur)
mulund to sion what's the status (sent from Mulund Stn.)
guys what status about badlapur to karjat (sent from Badlapur)
guys what status about badlapur to karjat (sent from Badlapur)
frm karjat side trains late kitna hai?towards cst (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)
kalyan se thane aane wali train h kya? (sent from Seawood Darave Stn.)
Dadar to Dombivali chalu hai kya? (sent from Vadala Road Stn.)
kalyan se thane aane wali train h kya?
kalyan se thane aane wali train h kya? (sent from Seawood Darave Stn.)
CSMT - Badlapur F which was about to leave from CSMT @ 11:50 is cancelled (sent from Dadar Stn.)
Dadar to Dombivali chalu hai kya? (sent from Vadala Road Stn.)
is any problem with central lines
what about train status from kalyan towards cat? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
what is the latest status of central line train ?
what is status of express from cstm to pune? (sent from Vadala Road)
update? (sent from Kalyan)
train status from Thane to kalyan?
what is the status of Kalgan Karnataka route (sent from Shahad)
pls cnf anybody what is the condition of badlapur to cst 🚆 (sent from Badlapur)
is trains running between Thane & Ghatkopar? (sent from Thane)
mulund??  (sent from Mulund)
train status from Thane to kalyan?
Badlapur to CST train chalu hai kya.? (sent from Badlapur)
kurla to badlapur train chalu hai kya? please reply pleasr
is any train available fr cst from ulhas? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
any update? (sent from Kalyan)
hehe ye konsa station hai? (sent from Borivali Stn.)
whether we can reach ambernath to dombivali by road ? is there water logging?  (sent from Dombivli)
anyone at kalyan?? cst chya trains chalu ahet ka??  (sent from Vithalwadi)
is central line running??? (sent from Masjid)
is central line is working?? (sent from Mulund)
What is status of kurla station? (sent from Khandeshwar)
Thane To Shahad Trains status ? (sent from Thane)
train from vasind are running on time..? (sent from Vasind)
thane to mulund??  (sent from Mulund)
thane to kasara kay update ? (sent from Kalyan)
what's the status for Kalyan to shahad? (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
kalyan cst? 
kalyan se cst chalu h kya train ? (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)
cst to vikroli train status??  (sent from Masjid)
what about Kasara side
what is current train status from thane to badlapur  (sent from Rabale)
the Kasara trains are working fine??  (sent from Mulund)
what about Kasara side
Are express trains running?  (sent from Kopar Stn.)
what is the current status of train ?
thane to kasara kay update ? (sent from Kalyan)
thank you.. so now dombivli to cst trains are running properly!? right!? (sent from Dombivli)
status from dadar to thane ? (sent from Dadar Stn.)
what is d status of central railway (sent from Dombivli)
central line from Kurla any train problems? (sent from Kurla Stn.)
what's the status of Train between Kalyan and CST
what's the status of Train between Kalyan and CST
cst to vikroli train status??  (sent from Masjid)
Karjat la jaat ahet ka trains??? (sent from Mulund)
kalyan to badlapur trains resumed or not? (sent from Kurla Stn.)
bhaiyo cst to ghatkoper train h? (sent from Sandhurst Road)
what's the status of kalyan is there any train available for badlapur  (sent from Badlapur)
Thane to Badlapur chalk h Kay?? 
isse train chalu hogi kya?😎🤔 (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)
kalyan to cst? (sent from Vithalwadi)
are all trains working????
dadar to Badlapur train chlu hain kya ?
kalyan to cst? (sent from Vithalwadi)
ulhasnagar to badlapur? (sent from Vithalwadi)
karjat trains?????? (sent from Mulund)
trains are working towards CST? (sent from Shahad)
Bhaiyo aur Beheno what's the status of train from Dombivli to Cst  (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
ulhasnagar to badlapur? (sent from Vithalwadi)
is there any issue
are the trains running? 
dombivli to mulund what is status of train? 
kalyan to dadar, train running?  (sent from Thakurli)
are trains running on time from Kalyan to CSMT ? (sent from Kopar Stn.)
pls update, thane towards train are running or not?? (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
what is the status of thane to dombivali
Plz status for badlapur  train ? (sent from Thakurli Stn.)
what is the status of thane to dombivali
telling or asking? (sent from Mulund Stn.)
Are the trains moving ahead of Kalyan?  (sent from Mulund)
Kalyan to csmt local status ? (sent from Ambernath)
karjat cst ?????? chalu aahe ka  (sent from Karjat)
what about kasara  (sent from Kopar)
is train runing on time?
ruki hai but chal Rai kya aage? (sent from Shahad)
shahad to cst train status?? (sent from Shahad)
what is the current status of train from dadar to Badlapur 
what is the current status of train from dadar to Badlapur 
any trains available for cst ?? from unr (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
thane kalyan chalu ahe ka? 
cst - kalyan chalu hai kya??
is ther any train for vikhroli ?? (sent from Kopar)
how is central line going
what is the status of kasara train.  I'm waiting at Shahad...   (sent from Shahad Stn.)
delay time? (sent from Kurla Stn.)
what about express trains does anyone know abt it??  (sent from Kopar Stn.)
trains are available for Ambernath to kalyan?
hello guys, what's the status of trains today from Thane towards kalyan? (sent from Thane)
Kasara CST train chalu hai kya?
what about Thane to CSMT 
what abiut kalyan to badlapur? (sent from Dombivli)
what about Thane to CSMT  (sent from Ghansoli)
what abut kalyan to badlapur? (sent from Dombivli)
train available from mumbra to c.s.t?????
badlapur  to  Cst  train  chalu  ahe  ka?  (sent from Badlapur)
what abut kalyan to badlapur? (sent from Dombivli)
train status ??
what is the status of express trains
what is the status of express trains
what about mulund to ambernath (sent from Mulund)
to jana ruka kyu hai? (sent from Charni Road Stn.)
Ek b train nai h fr cst??? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
r train running from Dadar to Thane? (sent from Dadar Stn.)
ye baarish kab bandh hogi ?? can anyone please tell me?  (sent from Thakurli Stn.)
central line kaha se kaha tak chal Rahi hai ??
?? (sent from Kalva)
ye baarish kab bandh hogi ?? can anyone please tell me?  (sent from Thakurli Stn.)
?? (sent from Kalva)
what about mulund to ambernath (sent from Mulund)
what is the status of express train? I am planning to go Nashik, are the trains running on time between Kalyan and Kasara?? (sent from Chunabhatti)
is karjat train ...late ????
what status of Badlapur -cst train s
mumbra to Dadar Ka kya status h trains r running or not..?? (sent from Mumbra)
what status of Badlapur -cst train s
? (sent from Dadar Stn.)
Kasara cst local chalu hai?
are train running from Parel to vagni? (sent from Elphinstone Road Stn.)
okie 1 week ka chutti approved na? (sent from Charni Road Stn.)
दादर to अंबरणाथ ट्रेन चालु आहेत का? (sent from Vile Parle)
what about dadar to thane
what is the postion of kalyan station (sent from Thane Stn.)
status for badlapur??
दादर to अंबरणाथ ट्रेन चालु आहेत का? (sent from Vile Parle)
WHAT ABOUT KASARA TRAINS? (sent from Mulund)
what is status of trains towards kasala? (sent from Kurla)
diva se slow train ??
are trains working for Thane to Kalyan? (sent from Thane Stn.)
why (sent from Andheri)
Thane to Kalyan train available hai kya ?
are karjat trains running from thane? 
sion krula what is situation
what about Kalyan to Badlapur trains (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)
दादर/अंबरणाथ ट्रेन चालु आहे का? (sent from Vile Parle)
badlapur se Thane train chalu hai kiya?? (sent from Badlapur Stn.)
r train running frm ghatkopar to asangaon?? (sent from Ghatkopar)
any fast trains from kalyan? (sent from Dombivli)
dombivli to kalyan route are ok? (sent from Kopar Stn.)
trains are running properly?  (sent from Nahur)
kalyan chya pudhe train chalu aahet ka?  (sent from Bhandup)
what about trains schedule at DOMBIVLI  (sent from Masjid Stn.)
sion me kya hal hai?
what is a train status
thane to kalyan train chalu hai kya?
are trains working from thane to dombivli???
are trains working from thane to dombivli???
Thane to Kalyan local chalu ahet ka? late ahet ka?
what is the status from kasara to Thane track
what is the status from kasara to Thane track
are trains working after Thane.?  (sent from Mumbra Stn.)
any updates about train? (sent from Mulund)
Kalyan to Badlapur trains are running or not?  (sent from Ghansoli)
Mumbra se CST train chalu hai Kya ???  Pls any buddy tell me...
is kalva to dadar train running? (sent from Kalva)
train working from thane to karjat? (sent from Belapur Cbd Stn.)
gadi chalu yeh kya nahi?  (sent from Chunabhatti)
are western trains working? (sent from Govandi)
Are trains running fine?  (sent from Andheri)
Mulund se cst chalu h train ? (sent from Mulund)
what ia the states about thane to panvel 
what is the status of for karjat from kalyan?? 
what is train running status (sent from Chunabhatti)
down slow chalu hai? (sent from Vikhroli)
what is the up trains status between Kalyan and Thane
are on time? (sent from Dombivli)
status from Vikhroli to CST ? 
what is the status of the trains 
any updates from Kalyan to Kasara ? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
what is train status of central railway from ghatkopar to badlapur
What is status of trains from Kalyan to Thane? (sent from Kalyan)
hi dadar te thakurli train chalu ahet ka ? (sent from Dadar Stn.)
what is the status of express trains
what about Dombivli trains
karjat line chalu aahe ka? (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)
what is the stuts from Kalyan to karjat (sent from Vithalwadi Stn.)
train on time from badlapur towards cst? (sent from Badlapur)
What is status of trains from Kalyan to Thane? (sent from Kalyan)
What is the status for vasind to kalyan (sent from Vasind)
what about kalyan trains
train travelling to ambernath or not
what is current position (sent from Dombivli)
thane cst train working??  (sent from Kharghar)
thane to dom??
what is train status from kalyan to csmt (sent from Shahad)
 diva se train kalyan ja rahi hai? (sent from Diva Jn)
thane to dom??
thane cst train working??  (sent from Kharghar)
karjat to dombivali??
what about kurla to karjat train (sent from Vidyavihar)
are trains running on central line ?
karjat to dombivali??
what about trains between dadar and ghatkopar (sent from Andheri)
Thane to ghatkopar running smoothly ??
Vashi to Thane working ?? (sent from Vashi Stn.)
 are trains on time? (sent from Kalva)
what is d status frm thane to kln?? (sent from Koparkhairne)
what about thne to kalyan train
kalyan to Kasara? (sent from Khar Road)
what about Karjat and titiwala (sent from Thane)
it's raining heavily! are trains running properly from dadar to Thane? (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
kalyan to Kasara? (sent from Khar Road)
slow tracks are working towards Dadar??? (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)
titwala to Kalyan????? (sent from Titwala)
what about trans harbour?
what about trans harbour? (sent from Kanjur Marg)
is there any water logging on Sion railway track?
are trains towards kalyan running???
is Vashi to Thane working? (sent from Vashi Stn.)
mulund to badlapur train what's the status??
trains from kalyan to kasara working? (sent from Kalyan)
 hello is c.rly working?? (sent from Mulund)
is trains r running towards Thane frm Badlapur? (sent from Badlapur Stn.)
are there trains from dom to cst?? (sent from Thakurli)
नेमकी गाड्यांची स्थिती काय आहे?
 Are central railway trains running in between karjat to Dadar? as I am coming from kolhapur by train. Pls let me know 
Are trains working on time?
is train working????
is there is any delay in vikhroli to csmt (sent from Vikhroli)
train' r working?
is there is any delay in vikhroli to csmt (sent from Vikhroli)
Are trains running from Ulhasnagar to CST? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
train' r working?
train towards kasara working ? (sent from Kalyan)
what about thane to cst down locals (sent from Mumbra Stn.)
train towards kasara working ? (sent from Kalyan)
status about sion?  (sent from Ghatkopar)
thane to Dombivali train r working!?? (sent from Kharghar Stn.)
Dombivali se mulund chalu hai? 
badlapur  to thane are train  running??? (sent from Badlapur)
CST to thane chalu ahe Ka? (sent from Ghatkopar)
down trains are running?? (sent from Vidyavihar Stn.)
down trains are running?? (sent from Vidyavihar Stn.)
go by walking thts when u reached faster today
Hey guys are trains running between Kalyan to Kasara? (sent from Nahur)
water logging at sion?  (sent from Ghatkopar)
water logging at sion? 
thane to cst chalu hai kya ?? (sent from Mumbra Stn.)
K ➡N chalu ahe ka ?
thane to Badlapur trains are running? (sent from Vashi Stn.)
train status towrds karjat are on time or not? (sent from Dombivli)
kalyan badlapur trains are working? 
kalyan to cst? (sent from Vithalwadi)
kalyan badlapur trains are working? 
CST to Mumbra is train available??? please reply it's urgent (sent from Churchgate)
Thane to kayan train running??
kalyan to karjat train any update ? (sent from Kandivali Stn.)
dadr to badlapur trains are runing? (sent from Jogeshwari)
kalyan Karjat line chalu hai Kya?  (sent from Thakurli)
is csmt to kalyan trains running or not?? (sent from Govandi)
train status between ghatkopar and cst?  (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
kalyan to Kasara? (sent from Khar Road)
asangson se kasara .kya status h?
Thane to ambernath train running ??
are trains running properly in central line... from thane to ambernath???? (sent from Koparkhairne Stn.)
Badlapur- Kalyan status? (sent from Badlapur)
dombivli to mulund? 
kalyan to karjat trains? 
Ghatkopar se train hai kya?????
is any train cancel today ? (sent from Andheri)
ghatkoper to ambernath working? (sent from Andheri)
for Pune? (sent from Andheri)
what about thane to Kalyan??
Mulund se Kalyan.. what's status? 
Thane to Dadar???
vikhroli to cst?  (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)
where u going... (sent from Juinagar)
what about kasara train (sent from Titwala Stn.)
thane to badlapur ka status???
what is status about western
dombivali to CST status please??? (sent from Dombivli)
are trains to Karjat running on time???
what is status about western
what about thane to dombivali
what about diva to dadar (sent from Belapur Cbd Stn.)
chinhpokli to thane kya status hai? 
Kalyan to CAST chalu hai ? (sent from Kalyan)
what is UP side status of trains? Kalyan to CSTM
trains sion ke aege ,cst side jaa rahi hai kya? (sent from Mulund Stn.)
Badlapur to Kalyan Status Please ?
kalyan to kasara  train status ? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
thana dombivli chalu aahe ka vyasthit??
what about dadar to kalyan (sent from Elphinstone Road Stn.)
dombivli to thane?? (sent from Thakurli)
what abt bombavali and ambernath (sent from Mulund)
what about train from kalyan to cst?
thane to mumbra trains working or not
kalyan to thane? trains are working?  (sent from Vithalwadi)
bhandup to dadar trains are working or not
train station frm kalyan to ambernath???
train station frm kalyan to ambernath???
Dadar to thane? (sent from Kandivali Stn.)
any cst train available from ulhas?? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
thana to dombivli chalu hai kya?
Kalyan to CST smoothly running or not?
r trains on time ? (sent from Kalyan)
is der any problm on klyan kasar?  (sent from Churchgate Stn.)
cst train chalu ahe kay? (sent from Kalyan)
what is train status Central track
are you sure? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
guys what about cst to kalyan (sent from Cst)
kalyan station to titwala train status ? (sent from Turbhe)
train on time from badlapur towards cst? (sent from Badlapur)
is khopoli train on time?? (sent from Thane Stn.)
thana-dombivli train chalu aahe ka?
??? (sent from Vikhroli)
trains are running for khopoli?? (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
what about CST - Thane (sent from Cst Stn.)
mulund to csmt trains running or not? (sent from Mulund Stn.)
thane to kalyan train running ?? (sent from Airoli)
are trains on time? (sent from Matunga Stn.)
kalyan ke aage badlapur tak kya seen hai ? (sent from Dadar Stn.)
 what is the status at badlapur station 
Train lines working??
dombivali to ghatkoper train chalu hai kya ?? (sent from Kopar)
thane to kalyan train running ?? (sent from Airoli)
hi...  train chalu h na?  (sent from Thane)
what is current status of train pls update
Thane to Dadar 🚆 chalo ahi ka???? (sent from Bhandup)
train status from thane to cst ??  (sent from Matunga Road Stn.)
hi...  train chalu h na?  (sent from Thane)
thane se Dombivali ke liye?  (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
what is current status of train pls update
what is current status of train pls update
any status about vikroli to kalyan?  (sent from Vikhroli)
11.33 kasara train from titwala...? status (sent from Titwala Stn.)
kanjur Marg to Kurla  To Vashi  local  stuts????? (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)
thane to kasara kay update ?
kanjur Marg to Kurla  To Vashi  local  stuts????? (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)
is there train running between Kalyan and thane?
train status from shahd to CST...? (sent from Shahad)
kalyan to karjat kay update ?
trains are running from badalapur to thane???  (sent from Koparkhairne)
trains are on time!? 
trains are late?? (sent from Shahad)
Train are runing? (sent from Airoli)
kalyan to karjat kay update ?
what's the current status of train... trains are running or not ???? (sent from Thane)
are trains available from thane station to Dombivli? (sent from Thane Stn.)
train running on time??? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
badlapur cst train chalu he kya?  (sent from Badlapur)
train running on time???  (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
thane to ambernath train status please?
current status from Kalyan to thane??? (sent from Kalyan)
shahd to cst any train? (sent from Shahad)
kalyan to cst train status Plz?  (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)
what is the status of Thane to Ambernath train? (sent from Khandeshwar)
what is the status from kalyan to cst
what is the status of Thane to Ambernath train? (sent from Khandeshwar)
Kalyan to cst trains are running or not
Kalyan to cst trains are running or not
Kalyan to catch? (sent from Kalyan)
thane to cst running? 
thane to cst running? 
Dombivli -neral status? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
is there train running between kalyan to ambernath
mulund to kurla?  (sent from Mulund Stn.)
Kurla to Thane trains are running Properly or not ? (sent from Bandra)
train status from kalyan badlapur?
What is the status badlapur to cst train
Ulhas to CST? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
asangaon ka train chalu hai kya?  (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)
train status from kalyan badlapur?
What is current status of  asangaon train (sent from Titwala Stn.)
kurla karjat? (sent from Bandra)
mulund to kurla chalu h?  (sent from Mulund Stn.)
kalyan to kasara running? (sent from Kalyan)
can anyone plz tell what is the status of Train from Dadar towards thane (sent from Dadar Stn.)
kurla karjat? (sent from Bandra)
are trains on time??? (sent from Nahur)
kangur Marg  to Kurla Stu's???? plzzz it's urgent (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)
mulund to kurla chalu h?  (sent from Mulund Stn.)
kangur Marg  to Kurla Stu's???? plzzz it's urgent (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)
Kalyan to Badlapur train chalu hai kya? (sent from Lower Parel)
what about trains from ambernath? has the service been restored?
kalyan se badlapur chalu he kay? (sent from Vikhroli)
kalyan se badlapur chalu he kay? (sent from Vikhroli)
Kalyan to Badlapur train chalu hai kya? (sent from Lower Parel)
kalyan se badlapur chalu he kay? (sent from Vikhroli)
kalyan se badlapur chalu he kay? (sent from Vikhroli)
hi what central railway conditions now (sent from Thakurli)
dadar to thane chalu he kya??
ghatkopar to Kalyan? train status?
till kalyan..  trains are running or not?  (sent from Vidyavihar Stn.)
Thane to kasara train ?!!
thane to kalyan chalu hai kya...?
ghatkopar to kasara train running or not??  (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
trains are running?
what is today's update? (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)
kasara train chalu ahet ka ??? (sent from Khardi Stn.)
what was the train status?  (sent from Bhandup)
what is the status between thane to Ulhasnagar?  (sent from Airoli Stn.)
What is the train status  from dombivali to thane (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
what's status of soin
where is khopoli Trina (sent from Neral)
trains running or not? (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)
are trains available from thane to dombivali ?? (sent from Juinagar Stn.)
what is status about CSMT to Kalyan ?? (sent from Andheri)
are cst Kalyan trains running??? (sent from Andheri)
what about Thane to kalyan train
Local Chalu h ??
what is the status from thane to cst? 
are trains on time??? specially central line (sent from Nahur)
train working from Thane?
are there any trains from mulund to airoli?? (sent from Mulund Stn.)
local running from kalyan to kasara ? (sent from Kalyan)
is kalyan to cst and return working ? (sent from Thane)
Is ghatkopar to thane running or not? (sent from Andheri Stn.)
thane cst train status?? (sent from Ghansoli)
dombivali to thane chalu hain kya ? (sent from Dombivli)
what's the status of badlapur to cst train (sent from Badlapur)
thane to cst chal rai hr kya? (sent from Vashi)
thane to badlapur is on time or not? (sent from Airoli)
are the trains running towards Badlapur??
towards ambernath?
kalyan to kasara train cha status ky aahe ?? (sent from Khardi Stn.)
trains running ? (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)
is kalyan cst and cst kalyan working ? (sent from Thane)
What Abt cst train (sent from Vithalwadi)
Kalyan to Thane train status ???
cst bound train status from mimbra....plz??? (sent from Mumbra)
Kalyan to Thane train status ???
kurla to thane trains are working?? (sent from Koparkhairne)
are locals running between Thane to cst ?
train status? (sent from Dativali Stn.)
and from ulhas...are trains there??
and from ulhas...are trains there?? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
thane to ambernath working?? (sent from Thane Stn.)
What about trains towards cst  (sent from Vithalwadi)
is Central railway running on time? 
what is current status  towards badlapur
has the trains stopped ? (sent from Thane)
thane to cst running?
Kalyan to Thane status plz ???
hi what's the status of train is it running from mumbra to cst
trains chalu hai kya???
Kalyan to Thane status plz ???
Traina are running normal? (sent from Churchgate)
kalyan to karjat chalu aahe ka? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
what is status between dadar to badlapur
ulhasnagar to thane train chalu ahe ka? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
dombivali to CSMT?  (sent from Kopar)
is there any train for karjat (sent from Kalyan)
are trains working from thane to dadar ??
sion mei paani bhara hai kya?  (sent from Cst)
Ulhasnagar to thane local Chalu he kya????  (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
kalyan Dawn slow chalu hai क्या?  (sent from Kalva)
kalyan titwala train is working ? (sent from Vithalwadi)
kalyan to karjat or bdl kya haal hai? (sent from Dombivli)
kalyan titwala train is working ?pl update ! (sent from Vithalwadi)
train service between badlapur and kalyan restored? 
Ulhasnagar to thane local Chalu he kya????  (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
khopoli train at 1 clock status? (sent from Mulund)
cst to Kalyan or Karjat to kalyan?? (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)
Ulhasnagar to thane local Chalu he kya????  (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
hi we have openings in a lot of MNC and bpo call centre free placement and training if you or any of your friends are looking for a job please call or what's app 9987849997
thane to Cst chalu ahet ka trains ? (sent from Rabale)
Thane Sion train chalu ahe kya ?
what about status of train towards cst (sent from Kanjur Marg)
Is Pragati express cancelled?  (sent from Bandra Stn.)
Kalyan  to karjat chalu hai?
thane to Kalyan status ? (sent from Koparkhairne Stn.)
train towards cst? (sent from Vithalwadi)
plz reply? (sent from Dombivli)
thane to Kalyan status ? (sent from Koparkhairne Stn.)
train from mulund to cst running fine ? (sent from Mulund)
AsanGaon trains are working?  (sent from Gtb Nagar)
what is status of mulund to kalyan  (sent from Nahur)
badlapur stn varun train on time chalu aahet ka?
are trains running between Thane - Mulund?
center line working or not
Ghatkopar to cst fast trains running?  (sent from Vidyavihar Stn.)
kalwa to AMBERNATH ? (sent from Kalva)
what is the status about thane to badlapur train
pls tell me what is the status between ghatkopar to badlapur
ghatkoper to mumbra?
Kalyan to thane? (sent from Kalyan)
kalwa to AMBERNATH ? (sent from Kalva)
Kalyan to thane? (sent from Kalyan)
Ghatkopar to cst chal Rahi kya ? (sent from Ghatkopar)
kalyan cst status? 
kalyan cst status? 
kalyan to titwala train running  or not?  (sent from Reay Road Stn.)
Asangaav ka line chalu h kya?  (sent from Gtb Nagar)
what is status of central railway (sent from Matunga Road Stn.)
what is the status of Kalyan to cst trains... (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)
train towards karjat are running? (sent from Kalva Stn.)
kalyan me train chalu hai??
thane to dadar trains are running or not?
kalyan me train chalu hai??
did trains are on time??
Thane Sion train chalu ahe kya ?
Are mail trains running as per schedule? (sent from Vidyavihar Stn.)
Thane Sion train chalu ahe kya ?
is trains working towards Badlapur ?
how u know?
pls anyone tell me kalyan to Badlapur trains working or not
dombivli to cst chalu hai kya? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
how u know?
Kalyan to Thane trains working ? (sent from Parel Stn.)
karjat to cst train chalu hai kya?(sent from karjat STN.)
dombivli to cst chalu hai kya? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
dombivli to cst chalu hai kya?
kalyan to thane trains? (sent from Kalyan)
dombivli to cst chalu hai kya? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
are trains working towards Kasara from Kalyan? (sent from Kanjur Marg)
are trains working towards Kasara from Kalyan? (sent from Kanjur Marg)
nahur to Ghatkopar  ??? (sent from Airoli)
train status? (sent from Dombivli)
ulhas se train chalu hai Kya?? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
Hey is thane to ghatkopar train is running on time?
r trains running from kalyan towards badlapur? (sent from Kalyan)
r trains running from kalyan towards badlapur? (sent from Kalyan)
thane to Ulhasnagar train chalu ahe ka?
how's thane to Kalyan? (sent from Thane)
any news on central line?? are trains running fine?? (sent from Cst)
what about thane to ghatkopar ??? (sent from Koparkhairne Stn.)
sinhagad express to Pune?? (sent from Vidyavihar Stn.)
train khopli to CST running or not
thana to dom train is late ya stop?
Can anyone reply abt train schedule??
central line chalu hai kya??? (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)
kurla to Kalyan ???? (sent from Kurla)
badlapur Train status?
status of Thane to badlapur? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
are kalyan badlapur route train s running? (sent from Thane Stn.)
I'm in kalyan I've to go to dadar is it safe now ? (sent from Matunga Road Stn.)
train towards karjat status?
central  line ka kya haal he?  (sent from Mulund Stn.)
central  line ka kya haal he?  (sent from Mulund Stn.)
train towards karjat status?
is there are train running from thane to CSMT
dadar to kalyan?? (sent from Grant Road Stn.)
Badlapur to Kalyan... train status please?  (sent from Badlapur)
Kalyan se Ambernath ke liye Train start Hai? plz reply  (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
Kalyan se Ambernath ke liye Train start Hai? plz reply 
dadar to kalyan?? (sent from Grant Road Stn.)
Badlapur to Kalyan... train status please?  (sent from Badlapur)
Kalyan to Thane trains chalu hai kya? (sent from Kalyan)
dombivli to kalyan status? (sent from Mumbai Central Stn.)
trn chalu ahet ka?  (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)
thane to ghatkopar local on time chal rhi hai ??? (sent from Ghansoli)
dombivli to kalyan status? (sent from Mumbai Central Stn.)
Trains are available from kalyan to dadar??? (sent from Vithalwadi)
thane to ghatkopar local on time chal rhi hai ??? (sent from Ghansoli)
 Dombivli to Ghatkopar. trains chalu hai kya? (sent from Kopar)
mail kalyan chya pudhe aahe ka?? (sent from Vidyavihar Stn.)
are trains running fine ? (sent from Kalyan)
train status?
   titwala train working ? (sent from Vithalwadi)
train chalu hai from kalyan  to badlapur??? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
train chalu hai from kalyan  to badlapur???
khopoli train kuthe ahe ???? (sent from Kalyan)
Titwal trains? (sent from Kanjur Marg)
mumbra to kalyan train is running or not?
Are trains working from ambivali to cst? (sent from Ambivli)
Local kiti let aahet ???? (sent from Airoli)
abhi central line open hai kya??? (sent from Mumbai Central)
update on trns from thane to badlapur plz..?  (sent from Thane)
want know weather central railway is working or not
pl update on badlapur to kalyan train status. is service restored which was suspended an hour ago
Kasara to Kalyan train chalu hai kya? 
dadar to Kalyan train r running or not?? (sent from Bandra)
is it true? (sent from Parel)
cat to titwala  trains chalu he ky ?  (sent from Sandhurst Road Stn.)
what do you about cst to kalyan (sent from Mumbai Central Stn.)
what do you about cst to kalyan (sent from Mumbai Central Stn.)
what's the position now at 13.15 pm (sent from Kopar)
current status of trains? (sent from Chunabhatti)
what's the position now at 13.15 pm (sent from Kopar)
badlapur to ulhas nagar??
You should ask the same on Western Line Train Chat as you're in Jogeshwari (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
from badlapur to csmt train condition??
wht about karasa train??  (sent from Kalyan)
what is status of train from titwala to cst
cst to kalyan train chalu he kya?? (sent from Chunabhatti)
chalu hai kya???  (sent from Kalva)
????
Kalyan jaane ke liye train chal rahi hai Kya? (sent from Nahur)
Train are running  or not? (sent from Rabale)
Train are running  or not? (sent from Rabale)
do trains are running upto Thane ??? (sent from Goregaon)
are trains available for CSMT to Ulhas nagar? (sent from Cst Stn.)
are trains running to vidhyavihar? 
ghatkoper ke liye chalu he.}? (sent from Matunga Stn.)
are trains working from Badlapur to kurla? (sent from Badlapur Stn.)
central line chalu hai kya? (sent from Mumbra)
ghatkopar to thane???? if yes please hit like (sent from Ghatkopar)
what is update about train (sent from Sion Stn.)
what is current status of trains between kalyan and karjat (sent from Kalyan)
karjet train chalu hai kya?? (sent from Mumbai Central)
is train going on ? (sent from Matunga Road)
seems poeple who are travelled are not looking at this chat..
Kalyan to cst train chalu hai kya ? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
Kalyan to cst train chalu hai kya ? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
Ulhasnagar to Thane? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
what about khopoli -cstm  or cstm to khopoli?? (sent from Lowjee)
Thane Kalyan updates? on time?  (sent from Nerul Stn.)
ghatkoper to mumbra?
are trains working from ulhas to matunga?  (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
ambernath to thane?
status of cst to karjat train??? (sent from Byculla Stn.)
for thane Its working ? (sent from Matunga Road)
ambernath to thane?
what about cst to thane
status of dadar to kalyan.?? (sent from Vadala Road)
what is the status of CST to Ambernat? (sent from Dockyard Road Stn.)
what is the status of CST to Ambernat? (sent from Dockyard Road Stn.)
what about kalyan se karjat , are locals running? (sent from Kings Circle Stn.)
thane to kasara status?
what about kalyan se karjat , are locals running? (sent from Kings Circle Stn.)
thane to kasara..?..
what is the status CST to pune?? (sent from Vile Parle Stn.)
trains are on time? (sent from Bhandup)
fast train proper hai kya? (sent from Vidyavihar)
Bhandup to thane ahe ka? (sent from Bhandup)
fast train proper hai kya? (sent from Vidyavihar)
meera pls update if any train from vithalwadi to cst..?
any train towards karjat? (sent from Ambernath Stn.)
Is thane CST working?
where is everyone (sent from Vidyavihar Stn.)
are the trains running? (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)
is there problem for kalyan to thane (sent from Kalyan)
are the trains running? (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)
Kalyan to Kasara? (sent from Dadar Stn.)
badlapur ke liye train he kya?
kalyan train running?
cst te Kalyan gadi chalu ahe ka...? (sent from Kalyan)
kasara to Csmt working please ????
is kurla to kAlyan trains are running??
kurla se currey road mein train chalu hai kya? (sent from Vashi)
kasara to Csmt working please ????
is kurla to kAlyan trains are running??
is kurla to kAlyan trains are running??
are trains working from Bhandup to Badlapur? (sent from Nahur)
what is the status of train from ambarnath to cst ??
karjat? (sent from Byculla Stn.)
any update how much late d trains are (sent from Rabale)
Trains running from kalyan to downside???? (sent from Kalyan)
BADLAPUR TO KALYAN TRAIN CHALU HUVI KYA?
hello guys , are trains working from Kalyan to Ghatkopar ?  (sent from Kalyan)
thane to neral chalu hai kya ? (sent from Airoli Stn.)
Ambarnath CST train chalu aahe Ka? 
Ambarnath CST train chalu aahe Ka? 
are trains running from Dombivali to Ambernath?? (sent from Nahur Stn.)
klayan se down side k liye train chl raha hai kya?? (sent from Vithalwadi Stn.)
Central line is working on time?  (sent from Jogeshwari)
are trains running from Dombivali to Ambernath?? (sent from Nahur Stn.)
trains started or not from Badlapur to CST....??? (sent from Badlapur)
yes man wat abt amb?? (sent from Ambernath)
what is a status abt Badlapur bhiupuri trains from cst? (sent from Chunabhatti)
klayan se down side k liye train chl raha hai kya?? (sent from Vithalwadi Stn.)
 trains working from shahad to kurla? (sent from Shahad)
Khopoli train status please? (sent from Byculla Stn.)
please don't post irrelevant posts like how will you meet it gf ,  (sent from Nahur)
trains from dadar to ambarnath are running???? (sent from Dadar Stn.)
Kalyan Karjat train chalu hai kya? (sent from Badlapur)
what is the situation in ambernath
amb cst chlu ahe ka?? (sent from Ambernath)
what is the status of kasara asangaon train..??? (sent from Thakurli)
cst to down working ???
what is situation from Thane to mulund
hello... trains.. time p chal rhe h??? ghatkopar s badlapur (sent from Jogeshwari)
please update on train status ?
it this qusn or ans? (sent from Badlapur)
is central railway working?
is central railway working?
Karjat trains ?
are trains working properly from ghatkopar to kalyan?
Kalyan to badlapur train status? (sent from Kalyan)
Karjat trains ?
what is the situation from dadar to thane? (sent from Santa Cruz)
Are Thane to Dombivli Train running..,?? Please reply..
please update on train status ?
Kalyan to badlapur train status? (sent from Kalyan)
central line mein trains delayed hain kya?  (sent from Vashi)
Karjat trains ?
train chalu hai kya ghatkoper to thane?? (sent from Vile Parle Stn.)
what's the status from Dombivali to badlapur (sent from Parel)
thane to kurla train chalu hai kya???
please update on train status ?
are central trains on time??
amb to cst trains on time? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
thane to kurla train chalu hai kya???
train chal rha hai?? (sent from Vidyavihar Stn.)
kurla se chalu hai kya train?  (sent from Tilak Nagar)
Ambernath se csmt train chalu he kay ?   (sent from Ambernath)
is there trains are late in central line
what is the train status from thane to kalyan (sent from Lower Parel)
 klyn to ambernath working or not?  (sent from Shahad)
are trains running between Kalyan and Thane? (sent from Thakurli)
are trains running between Kalyan and Thane? (sent from Thakurli)
are trains on time?
what is the train status from thane to kalyan (sent from Lower Parel)
can anyone please give any status in badlapur trains  ???? (sent from Rabale)
are the trains working ? (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)
can anyone please give any status in badlapur trains  ???? (sent from Rabale)
what is the status of central line train
After kalyan trains are not working ?
kitna delayed hai? i wanted to go to currey road (sent from Vashi)
can anyone tell trains working smoothly?  (sent from Kurla)
klyn to amb train running or not?  (sent from Shahad)
what is the status of central line train
Kalyan to khopoli trains chalu hai kya??
downside locals chalu hai kya ? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
thanw local chalu he kya???? (sent from Thane Stn.)
is it  overcrowded???   (sent from Nahur)
bhai CSt to kalyan train chalu hai kya??  (sent from Churchgate Stn.)
Thane to ambernath, are the trains working? (sent from Ghansoli Stn.)
vihalwadi to mulund train chalu ha kya?? (sent from Vithalwadi Stn.)
karjat train chalu aahe ka? (sent from Sion)
thane to kasara chalu hai ky?
Vidya Vihar se Dombivli trn chal rha h kya? (sent from Vidyavihar Stn.)
thane to kurla train chalu hai kya??
central line Trains are working or not?
ambernath to Thane , are trains working? 
train chalu h kua?kalyan to thane (sent from Vithalwadi)
? (sent from Vithalwadi)
status betwn badlapur to kalyan...?
central line Trains are working or not?
karjat kalyan train kiti late ahet?
ghatkoper te kalyan chalu ahet ka?
what about bandra train (sent from Cotton Green Stn.)
What is the status of trains between kalyan and Ambernath (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
are trains running  properly between ulhas to karjat? 
kalyan to thane train chalu h? (sent from Vithalwadi)
is it  overcrowded???   (sent from Nahur)
what is d status between thane n ghatkopar
central line Trains are working or not?
from Kalyan, exp trains schedule is ok or disturbed ??? (sent from Borivali)
what is d status between thane n ghatkopar
thane to cst working?
thane kalyan train chalu ahe ka  ??? (sent from Vashi Stn.)
Kalyan to dadar trains challu hai Kya?
ambernath to cst ?
What is position of local between asngoan and kalyan
kita late hai?
from Kalyan towards bhusaval side exp trains status ??? (sent from Borivali)
diva vasai train chalu he? 
Badlapur saathi train aahet ka ? (sent from Thakurli)
diva vasai train chalu he?  (sent from Kalyan)
trains working on central side? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
Badlapur saathi train aahet ka ? (sent from Thakurli)
simply Tell Thane To Csmt trains are Working?? (sent from Vikhroli)
what is train situation from kalu yo badlapur (sent from Bandra)
Badlapur saathi train aahet ka ? (sent from Thakurli)
is that true ???
badlapur Ke liye train chal rahi h kya?  (sent from Kurla)
status btwn kyn to thane..?
thane to khopoli train chalu ahet ka?
what is train status (sent from Rabale Stn.)
what is train situation Kalyan to titwala
train status on slow route?  (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)
are trains running from Dadar to Thane ? 
are trains running from Dadar to Thane ? 
karjat kalyan train suru ahe ka?
What is position of local between asngoan and kalyan
ambivali to titwala train working or not
ठाणे ते अंबरनाथ ट्रेन चालू आहेत का? (sent from Kalva)
what is train status to go to bhandup? (sent from Borivali)
what about sihgad ex  (sent from Bhayander)
sion station ka kua haal he? (sent from Dombivli)
train ka kya problem hua hai? (sent from Churchgate)
train ka kya problem hua hai? (sent from Churchgate)
any update on dombivili station trains to csmt? (sent from Dombivli)
What is status of local (sent from Andheri Stn.)
thane to kalyan local chalu ahe ka?
thane to kalyan local chalu ahe ka?
what is train condition from karat to kalyan
what is the status of panvel thane
Dombivali to ambernath status? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
thane to titwala running?
dombivli se train hai ky?? (sent from Vidyavihar Stn.)
kalyan to karjat???? (sent from Mumbai Central)
Kalyan Badlapur Trains are working or not ? (sent from Bhandup Stn.)
metro running? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
Kalyan to ghatkopar working Kya? (sent from Vithalwadi)
mumbra to dombivli working??
kalyan to cst status ? (sent from Vithalwadi)
 Kalyan train chalu hai ky? 
CST to than line working or not?? (sent from Vile Parle)
ambernath se csmt trn chalu hai??  (sent from Ambernath Stn.)
Asangaon to cst train chalu hai kya? (sent from Asangaon)
hi central me problem hai Kya? (sent from Boisar Stn.)
CST to than line working or not?? (sent from Vile Parle)
karjat to kalyan ?????????
I have  children at my home... And I'm here at office....for god sake please someone update is the train running from thanento kalyan??? (sent from Mulund)
Thane to Asangaon chalu ahe Ka train? (sent from Airoli Stn.)
Thane to ambernath trains are running??  Pls confirm.
metro running ? (sent from Kopar Stn.)
Train are running ? (sent from Chunabhatti)
status kalyan Badlapur,? (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)
metro ? (sent from Kopar)
what the status from ulhasnagar to thane, running on time??  (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)
Kalyan fast?? (sent from Thane Stn.)
from kurla to dombavli??? (sent from Chunabhatti)
just heard from my frnd that trains on central line are running (sent from Nilje)
train status from thane to kalyan?  (sent from Dombivli)
kalyan to Thane train chalu hai kya? plz help mi (sent from Kalyan)
hi can anyone update train status from dadar to kalyan? (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)
Royal park ki train hai Kya?😹 (sent from Byculla Stn.)
karjat train left frm cst??? (sent from Dadar Stn.)
kurla to neral working? (sent from Kurla Stn.)
Royal park ki train hai Kya?😹 (sent from Byculla Stn.)
is train running ???
really?????
mukund to vishal wadi ?? (sent from Mulund)
really?????
trains chalu hai kya Ulhasnagar se? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
mulund to kalyan trains are fine?? 
Are the trains running from Thane to ambernath?
cst to kalyan chalu hai Kya? (sent from Turbhe)
Are trains running from Mulund to Badlapur? (sent from Mulund)
Aur cst se Kalyan? (sent from Shahad)
Are trains running from dadar to mulund ??
trains status central vidyavihar to dombivli?
karjat tak trains chalu h kya??
any train towards badlapur???? (sent from Sanpada Stn.)
Tran chalu he khy?
Thanks to Panvel chalu he Kya? (sent from Thane Stn.)
Dombivli se train chalu he?
Tran chalu he khy?
Mulund to cst?  chalu he?!  (sent from Mulund Stn.)
Ambernath to CST trains are running? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
Dombivli se train chalu he?
Cst to kalyan chalu  hai  kya?????? (sent from Turbhe)
train chalu hai.......? (sent from Rabale)
are  train  working  till kalyan?? (sent from Bhandup)
ghatkopar se badlapur train chalu hai kya??? (sent from Jogeshwari)
parel to bhandup?! (sent from Lower Parel)
Ambernath to CST trains are running? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
Ambernath to CST trains are running? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
Kalyan 2 CST? (sent from Kopar Stn.)
hello Guys. Kalyan to Ambernath route down trains working?  (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)
cst to Kalyan train status bata sakta h kya koi? (sent from Dadar)
is train working fine towards cst?? (sent from Dombivli)
is train working fine towards cst?? (sent from Dombivli)
bhandup cst??  chalu hai please rply  (sent from Bhandup)
ddr to thane is working..?? (sent from Vikhroli)
central line train status????
ddr to thane is working..??
central line chalu hai kyaa?
central line chalu hai kyaa?
what is the status of central line trains? From vidyavihar to thane. (sent from Vidyavihar Stn.)
kasara train chalu h ky? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
is train is running from thane to ambernath?
thane to kalyan running? (sent from Kalva)
status from badlapur yo bhandup ?
kasara train chalu h ky? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
what is the status of train from titwala  (sent from Titwala)
Are Up trains to CSTM running properly ? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
vitthalwadi varun trains chalu aahe ka? (sent from Vithalwadi)
local train delay? (sent from Rabale)
train r working or not
what about karjat to Kalyan route..thanks (sent from Rabale)
whether trains are working towards kasara side?? 
Byculla to thane??? (sent from Sandhurst Road)
kalyan to thane are ok ???? (sent from Thakurli Stn.)
are trains running from Ulhasnagar to Karjat? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
cst trains working? (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)
train towards dombivli?? (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)
Are trains late? (sent from Vangani Stn.)
मुंबई ते अंबरनाथ ट्रेन चालू आहेत का?
is trains are on time??? (sent from Dativali)
cst to dombivilli trains r running? (sent from Churchgate)
whether trains are running to badlapur? 
what about kalyan i heard the announcement that trains are running from kalyan due to water flooded on track? any update anyone? (sent from Ambivli Stn.)
Kopar- Dombivli tracks pe water clogging hai kya ? (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)
thane to krjt ahet ka train ?? update  (sent from Koparkhairne)
thane to krjt ahet ka train ?? update  (sent from Koparkhairne)
what about harbour from panvel to shivadi (sent from Sewri)
asangaon station varun train chalu ahe ka?
trains from thane to ghatkoper rae running? 
thane to krjt ahet ka train ?? update  (sent from Koparkhairne)
trains started in kalyan?? (sent from Andheri)
what about kasara to kalyan rout
train status from CST to Kalyan please ? (sent from Mahalakshmi)
Kurla to Kalyan train running???? (sent from Chunabhatti)
kasara trains chalk ahet ka...???  (sent from Chunabhatti)
train is running or not?? (sent from Dombivli)
what about kalyan to thane ?? (sent from Vangani Stn.)
Shahad to Thane??? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
what  about  the new ambernath
what about Kalyan to titwala train status? 
CST to karjat ?? (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)
Any update on Ambernath - Thane line ? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
what is the status of the train
1:53 fast from thane to kalyan is running ? (sent from Thane Stn.)
Any update on Ambernath - Thane line ? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
1:53 fast from thane to kalyan is running ? (sent from Thane Stn.)
Any update on Ambernath - Thane line ? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
any train frm dombivli to badlapur?
is central line trains  running?  (sent from Mumbai Central Stn.)
Mumbai Pune trains resumed?  (sent from Badlapur)
Thane to sadar train chalu ahe Ka ?  (sent from Koparkhairne)
कसारा साठी लोकल चालू आहे डोंबिवली हुन, माझ्या मित्रांनो?
central line chalu h ya nahi ?? (sent from Ambernath)
are trns wrkng frm ambernath? (sent from Ambernath)
central line chalu h ya nahi ?? (sent from Ambernath)
are trains on time towards cst? (sent from Mulund)
cst to karjat train status?  (sent from Churchgate)
कसारा साठी लोकल चालू आहे का डोंबिवली हुन? (sent from Nilje)
metro running ? (sent from Thane Stn.)
kalyan to Badlapur train chalu hai? (sent from Byculla Stn.)
Admin what's the latest update on trains in central? (sent from Ambernath Stn.)
Ghatkopar to dombivali local working or not??? (sent from Ghatkopar)
where is karjat fast trn..  (sent from Thane Stn.)
 trains from thakurli to kalyan??? 
what about kalyan to badlapur i want going home to badlapur pls ... (sent from Ghatkopar)
are trains running from Ulhasnagar to karjat? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
what about kalyan to badlapur i want going home to badlapur pls ... (sent from Ghatkopar)
thane to kalyan train suru aahe ka? (sent from Kalyan)
Thane to Kasara train chalu ahet ka? .. (sent from Airoli Stn.)
metro running ? (sent from Thane Stn.)
karjat thane chalu huaa?
trains are in on time? (sent from Kalyan)
trains are in on time?
what abt train status of Kalyan to karjat
kalyan to cst working? 
Trains are running or not from Badlapur to CST...??? (sent from Badlapur)
ulhasnagar to CST chalu hai kha? (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)
what the hell everyone asking same qtns...this chat is floded with chalu hai kya and status (sent from Rabale)
wht about trains from kalyan to karjat??? (sent from Mumbra Stn.)
what is the position of train  beyond Kalyan (sent from Bandra Stn.)
karjat to Thane train running??? (sent from Thane Stn.)
are central trains towards CST working? (sent from Ghatkopar)
trains are running or not towards Badlapur?
what's present status of CR locals. I want to go to CSMT  from dombivli
what's present status of CR locals. I want to go to CSMT  from dombivli
kalyan to thane is it working? (sent from Vithalwadi)
what's the train status in kalyan (sent from Masjid Stn.)
cst to thane trains are running?  (sent from Airoli)
trains Working towards CST? (sent from Ghatkopar)
Cst vr n kalyan la yenya satyi train? (sent from Thakurli)
Cst vr n kalyan la yenya satyi train? (sent from Thakurli)
kalyan to kasara chalu ahet ky?? (sent from Kalamboli)
what's the train status...
train status ?? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
what about kalyan train (sent from Dadar Stn.)
trains are running or not towards Badlapur?
how is train status towards badlapur and karjat (sent from Kalyan)
train status ?? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
what is status of Kalyan badlapur local trains  (sent from Andheri)
kasara to kalyan trains are going???
what's the status of trains from Bandra to karjat (sent from Khar Road)
hi what is the central line status up & down
what's the status of trains from Bandra to karjat (sent from Khar Road)
what's status for the Tu kalyan (sent from Kharghar Stn.)
is everything alright?  (sent from Mulund Stn.)
1:31 chi kasara nighali ka kasarya varun? (sent from Asangaon Stn.)
ठाण्यावरून 1.06  बदलापूर काय स्टेटस ?  (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
what about exp train status (sent from Kalyan)
Thane to CST train chalu hai?? (sent from Kalyan)
1:31 chi kasara nighali ka kasarya varun? (sent from Asangaon Stn.)
ठाण्यावरून 1.06  बदलापूर काय स्टेटस ?  (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
current status plz ??  (sent from Mankhurd)
is any train cancel for pune?? (sent from Kanjur Marg)
shahad to csmt train chalu hai??  (sent from Shahad)
what isthe condition of train service today
are trains running from Kalyan to cst? 
what is the Kasara & Asangaon train status
what about karjat line status
Kalyan to mumbai is train is on time?
are trains running on time?
what about Ulhasnagar to Thane...  (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)
hi guys thane se cst kya position hai?
ghatkopar to cst are trains working?  (sent from Ghatkopar)
what the status of Thane to Ambarnath
is trains are on time? (sent from Shahad)
still he late karjat line r..?  (sent from Kurla)
train from kurjat to kalyan is running or closed ?? 
ambernath to cst?
what is the status from kurla to dombivli ??
are trains working from thane to ambernath? (sent from Thane Stn.)
Dadar to Ambarnath train chal rahi hai kya? please reply. (sent from Dahisar)
kalyan to titwala? (sent from Shahad)
what is the status about central line (sent from Shahad Stn.)
what is the status of train running between csmt and kalyan (sent from Vithalwadi)
towards kasara??
Is train running on time on Central Line? (sent from Vithalwadi)
Thane to ambernath??
kurla to ghatkopar train status kya hai? (sent from Kharghar)
Kalyan to Pune Train chalu ahe ka..??
Karnataka train chalu hain? (sent from Ghatkopar)
hello, karjat to cst train chalu ahe ka 
what is status for kasara line (sent from Kalyan)
ghatkopar ambernath train chalu ahe ka????
what's the status  (sent from Dadar Stn.)
water logging in sion?  (sent from Ghatkopar)
Thane to Dadar are trains working properly? (sent from Airoli)
what is the delay time of local  (sent from Ambernath)
what about the domivali train  (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
Are express trains running from CSTM to Pune?  (sent from Matunga Stn.)
Is there water logging on Kalyan station tracks ? (sent from Vithalwadi)
what about Kalyan train from ghartpohar (sent from Shahad)
Is there water logging on Kalyan station tracks ? (sent from Vithalwadi)
diva ke liye train chalu he kya????  (sent from Belapur Cbd Stn.)
what abt Sion station  (sent from Bandra Stn.)
are kalyan to thane trains running property?
kurla to titwala what status
what about sevagram express (sent from Airoli)
are kalyan to thane trains running property?
kurla to titwala what status
is the train on time from dombivali to dadar (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)
What is situation of local train traffic from Thane to Mumbai Central via Dadar? (sent from Mulund Stn.)
karjat trains chaluu huvi kyaa?
how is rain in Mumbai (sent from Vithalwadi)
what about kasara trains
Dadar to karjat train  chalu ch ? (sent from Chunabhatti)
what is the status of train from kalyan (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
what abt train status of Kalyan to karjat
what is the Status of trains towards Ambarnath? (sent from Lower Parel)
express train is running for pune or not
is the train running on time from Dombivali to cst (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)
are trains running from csmt to Kalyan?? (sent from Churchgate)
are trains running from csmt to Kalyan?? (sent from Churchgate)
Thane to Kalyan train working? (sent from Airoli)
how late are the trains.. (sent from Airoli)
from Thane to Kurla? (sent from Mulund Stn.)
what about expreas train
what about expreas train
u can ask railway ministry that how trains are latr (sent from Thakurli)
what about kalyan karjat (sent from Turbhe)
what is the current train status between Kalyan and badlapur
what is status of the train
what is the current train status between Kalyan and badlapur
trains for titvala are available??? (sent from Mulund Stn.)
kalyan to cst train chalu hai kya ?pls update
thne to Kalyan trn is working? (sent from Nerul)
train left from kalyan to ambernath but slow h bohat  (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
trains r running?
Kalyan to Badlapur chalu hui kya locals?  (sent from Kurla Stn.)
what about up trains?
train status from titwala? 
Deccan Queen cancelled today?? any news (sent from Santa Cruz)
what is current status about centrail line (sent from Kalyan)
train status??? (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)
Central line till thane is clear??  (sent from Vasind Stn.)
?
mulund to Ambernath ?? status (sent from Mulund Stn.)
what is status of train from kalyan to cst (sent from Kalyan)
what's is status of trains between dadar to thane
upto kasara..? what is the status?
what's the status from Thane to ambernath? (sent from Thane Stn.)
wat abt trains from dadar to klyan ?? pls update
what's the status of thane to Thakurli station
what is condition between ghatkopar and csmt ? (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
is train running from badlapur to klyn?
train from kurla to kalyan???? (sent from Chunabhatti)
Thane to ambernath? (sent from Thane)
what is the status of Kopar tp vasai? train are running or not? (sent from Vithalwadi Stn.)
trains are running on time?? (sent from Ghatkopar)
kidhar pani nhi bhara hai na track may? (sent from Thakurli Stn.)
central trains working??? (sent from Shahad)
dadar se diwa train chal rhi hai kya ?? (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)
vidhyavihar to thane.. train is running?
kidhar pani nhi bhara hai na track may?
what about centre line (sent from Andheri)
what status central line (sent from Badlapur)
what status central line (sent from Badlapur)
train from CST to neral?? (sent from Cst Stn.)
what abt kasara trns  (sent from Khardi)
all trains are running on time?? (sent from Andheri)
badlapur to cstm train chalu ahet ka? plz updt (sent from Badlapur)
trains are on time?? (sent from Ghatkopar)
thane to karjat train chalu hai kya?? (sent from Thane Stn.)
badlapur to cst chalu he kya train?  (sent from Badlapur)
badlapur trains r running ??? (sent from Airoli)
what status central line (sent from Badlapur)
बदलापुर ते सी एस टी लोकल वेळेवर आहेत का ? (sent from Badlapur Stn.)
1.24 towards thane is yet to arrive vashind is there any issue on central line??  (sent from Vasind Stn.)
badlapur trains r running ??? (sent from Airoli)
thane to karjat train chalu hai kya???? (sent from Thane Stn.)
Hi can anyone update the Badlapur to Ghatkopar train status?  (sent from Ghansoli)
ghatkopr to kalyan tren chalu aahe ?
any idea about trains from kalyan to pune?
dombivli to dadar trains in time? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
dombivli to dadar trains in time? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
what about kalyan karjat (sent from Dadar Stn.)
please give status about ghatkopar to Ambernath la train? (sent from Jogeshwari)
what about asangaon train  (sent from Vashi Stn.)
I stay at Thane n currently at office in azad nagar andheri, can any one pls advise on the train frequency to Thane? (sent from Jogeshwari)
asangaon to Kalyan  Chalu hai Kya? (sent from Asangaon Stn.)
what about the central line... trains are running or not..? (sent from Ghatkopar)
train from ghatkopar to Kalyan?(sent from ghatkopar)
pakka? (sent from Airoli)
Thane to ambernath train chalu hai kya?? (sent from Mulund Stn.)
any update?? (sent from Elphinstone Road Stn.)
badlapur se dadar train chalu hai?
thane to kalyan train runing ? (sent from Grant Road Stn.)
cst to kalyan Train are running or not
kanjur to Thane? 
thane to Kalyan? (sent from Airoli)
Karjat train is running ? (sent from Cotton Green Stn.)
please confirm central line local trains are working ?? (sent from Kurla)
mumbra to dadar chalu h kya?
Kasara and asangaon train please update?
badlapur se Cst train chalu Hai Kya? (sent from Badlapur)
thane to badlapur chalu ahe ka? (sent from Mira Road Stn.)
badlapur se dadar train chalu hai?
thane to karjat trains chalu ahet ka???? (sent from Thane Stn.)
thane to badlapur chalu ahe ka? (sent from Mira Road Stn.)
thane to badlapur chalu ahe ka? (sent from Mira Road Stn.)
Kasara and asangaon train please update?
dadar to titwaltala train? (sent from Sion Stn.)
kurla to kalyan chalu hai kya ? pls update (sent from Govandi)
Thane to badlapur?? (sent from Thane)
malad to dadar ?? (sent from Malad)
what about Kalyan to titwala train status? 
I want to go kalyan to ambernath can you plz tell mi the current status of down trains? 
Thane to badlapur?? (sent from Thane)
kalyan to badlapur train chalu aahet ka ?
kalyan ka kya status hai? (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)
is kasara to cst running properly ? 
trains from cst running fine? (sent from Cst Stn.)
dadar to titwaltala train? (sent from Sion Stn.)
kalyan to badlapur chalu ahe ka? plz update (sent from Thane Stn.)
status for central line? (sent from Sanpada)
are all trains running?  (sent from Vithalwadi)
are all trains running?  (sent from Vithalwadi)
Khopoli to badlapur tarin chalu ahe ka?  (sent from Khopoli Stn.)
thana se dombivli aane wale trains time pr hai? (sent from Dombivli)
dadar se kalyan train chalu hai kya? (sent from Bandra)
any updates for Kalyan to kasara??? (sent from Badlapur)
any status of dadar tu  thane trains? (sent from Matunga Stn.)
any updates for Kalyan to kasara??? (sent from Badlapur)
dombivali to Cstm trains aahet ka aata??
mulund to dombivali train status? (sent from Mulund Stn.)
any Updates from Ulhasnagar to ghatkopar?  (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)
Diva par yaar koi problem hua kya?? (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)
Thane to ambernath chalu h? (sent from Thane)
Kalyan to CST?? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
What is the position of central rails? are they running or not
Kurla to badlapur train is running or not
What is the position of central rails? are they running or not
ambernath to cst? any information?  (sent from Ambernath)
dombivli to dadar? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
kasara trains?? (sent from Vangani Stn.)
oye mujhe abh jana hai office koi batado trains chalu hai kya dombivli to Thane??  (sent from Dombivli)
CST to Badlapur chalu aahe Ka? (sent from Churchgate Stn.)
thane to kly? (sent from Thane Stn.)
??? (sent from Jogeshwari)
karasa train chalu hai kya??? (sent from Vangani Stn.)
thane to shahad status...??? (sent from Koparkhairne)
Karjat..? (sent from Borivali)
Kalyan to kurla any update? 
shahad to cst trains chalu Hain Kya?? Pls update.. (sent from Thane Stn.)
thane to shahad status...???? (sent from Koparkhairne)
badlapur cst chalu hai Kya?
is it possible to go from Curry road to Ghatkopar? (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)
trains band hai kya??
Asangaon sathi train chalu ahet ka? (sent from Bandra)
what is status of train  (sent from Chunabhatti)
पाणी भरले होते .. उल्हासनगर मध्ये.. ते कमी झालं का?? (sent from Mulund Stn.)
karasa train chalu hai kya? (sent from Vangani Stn.)
hi what is the status of trains
Thane to ulhas trains chalu ahet ka??  (sent from Kharghar)
thane to dombivli train status ? (sent from Sanpada)
how is kalyan now
CST to Kalyan train chlu hai kya? 
how is kalyan now
Konala mahit ahe ka?  (sent from Kharghar)
kasara line satus?  trns r running or not  (sent from Ambernath)
kasara line satus?  trns r running or not  (sent from Ambernath)
what is the situation of kasara to kalyan railway  (sent from Ambernath)
Badlapur to thane local start h kya?
kurla to ghatkopar train status? (sent from Kharghar Stn.)
kasara line status?  (sent from Ambernath)
kalyan to cst are the trains running? (sent from Dombivli)
asangaon to Kasara? (sent from Kalyan)
is the trains are running to Badlapur ??? (sent from Airoli)
kalyan to karjat train chalu hai Kya? (sent from Churchgate)
Ghatkopar to Badlapur local 🚆 r running or not
dadar to kalyan? (sent from Goregaon Stn.)
dadar to kalyan? (sent from Goregaon Stn.)
DADAR to Virar local trains running?  (sent from Bhandup Stn.)
DADAR to Virar local trains running?  (sent from Bhandup Stn.)
what is train status from karjat (sent from Ambernath)
thane to badlapur ka status kya hai? (sent from Mira Road Stn.)
what about thane to kalyan (sent from Kalva)
what about thane to kalyan (sent from Kalva)
Thane to badlapur chalu ahet Ka trains? (sent from Koparkhairne)
what is the status of train currently  (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)
train running from thane to CST ? (sent from Byculla Stn.)
whether trains running between Dadar to Kalyan? (sent from Borivali)
what abt from kalyan to cst
karjet local status ? chalu hai ya band hai (sent from Gtb Nagar)
kalyan to karjat train chalu he kya? (sent from Vithalwadi)
Is Central Railway on time?  (sent from Kanjur Marg)
some  1 please update the status of trains from Thane to ulhasnagar ??
what about kaylan to karjat (sent from Churchgate)
kalwa to gjatkopar trains are running or not
अंबरनाथ ते दादर लोकल ट्रेन चालू आहे का??? (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)
thane to cst chalu hai kya ? (sent from Byculla Stn.)
what about kasara train?
Thane Dombivli chalu ahe ka? (sent from Koparkhairne Stn.)
CST train are running or not 
asangaon to Kasara chalu ahe ka? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
विठ्ठलवाडी चे पाणी ओसरले का ? (sent from Kurla)
karjat jane ke liye chalu hai kya train??
is there any problem at vashind? (sent from Thakurli Stn.)
is there any problem with central line
central line chalu aahet ka???
what about Khopoli csmt trains..???? it is working or what? (sent from Khopoli Stn.)
trains running frm kalyan or not? 
Ambernath se chalu hai kya trains?? 
train running status??
karjat local status? (sent from Chunabhatti)
kalyan-karjat trains running ? (sent from Thane Stn.)
kasara to cstm train available??? 
Kalyan  Ambarnath local train? (sent from Ambernath Stn.)
Kalyan  Ambarnath local train? (sent from Ambernath Stn.)
Is there any train for badlapur from kurla? (sent from Gtb Nagar Stn.)
kasara to cstm train available??? 
Thane - kasara trains are running timely or not? please inform  (sent from Rabale Stn.)
wats status of thane to karjat , its started ? (sent from Airoli)
wats status of thane to karjat , its started ? (sent from Airoli)
shahad to cst trains are running? (sent from Shahad)
shahad to cst trains are running? (sent from Shahad)
wats status of thane to karjat , its started ? (sent from Airoli)
is there any problems for Kasara trains (sent from Khopoli Stn.)
Is there any problem of badlapur trains?
Thane to CST status? (sent from Rabale Stn.)
what is the status of cst to dombivli train (sent from Kopar)
Kalyan To CSMT Train Running??Or Not (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
Mulund to cst chalo h kya? please update
Pune trains running? (sent from Kurla)
Thane to Vashi train is running or not
what about teain status from cst to kalyan (sent from Andheri)
what about teain status from cst to kalyan (sent from Andheri)
train chalu ahet ka ? (sent from Kalyan)
hi..  are trains running on time?   (sent from Koparkhairne)
Train are running or not 
what about thane to cst
mumbai to pune   what is the status?? (sent from Vadala Road)
what about thane to cst
does the local running from Ambarnath to ghatkopar
diva to Dadar train running ? (sent from Diva Jn)
does the local running from Ambarnath to Kalyan ??
hi what about kanjurmarg to Matlab?
kalyan to Kurla kya status hai? (sent from Kalyan)
titwala train is available? (sent from Nahur Stn.)
train status beween mulilund to Dombivali?????  (sent from Mulund)
cst to kalyan running or not ? (sent from Bhandup Stn.)
are trains running on time? (sent from Ghatkopar)
What about trains from thane to cst slow and fast? (sent from Thane)
 cst pasun train chalu aahet ka?  (sent from Karjat)
trains running?
kalyan badalapur is running ? (sent from Gtb Nagar Stn.)
ghatkopar se Kalyan kya status hai ?
kalyan badalapur is running ? (sent from Gtb Nagar Stn.)
are central trains working between Kalyan and VT?
Kasara local is running? please advise (sent from Nahur)
is central line close from Thane?? 
are trains running on time? (sent from Ghatkopar)
is train running between kalyan to cst????
koi jawab bhi dega?  (sent from Karjat)
thane to ambarnath ?
trains are running between kalyan and ambarnath ? (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)
central line trains running? (sent from Elphinstone Road)
kanjurmarg to thane chalu h kya? (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)
what is train status? (sent from Dombivli)
Central line trains running ?? (sent from Airoli)
panvel thane trains running?? (sent from Thane Stn.)
are the trains running towards CST from badlapur?? (sent from Badlapur)
any problem towards Kalyan?  (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
Thane se cst chalu hai kya? (sent from Mulund)
badलापूर ट्रेन चालु aahe का?
what is train status from kalyan to cst
badलापूर ट्रेन चालु aahe का?
is train running from Ambarnath to cst ? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
badlapur - CSMT train running????
badlapur - CSMT train running????
ia central running smoothly?
is train services is resume between kalyan and Karjat? (sent from Turbhe)
is train services is resume between kalyan and Karjat? (sent from Turbhe)
dadar kasara train chalu aahe ka ? ?  (sent from Goregaon Stn.)
Badlapur chalu ahe ka..? (sent from Kurla Stn.)
Central trains are running??? (sent from Matunga Road Stn.)
what about express trains...?? 
Thane se cst trains chalu hai kya?!!!! (sent from Mulund)
anyone at Kalyan station? (sent from Thakurli)
what about ambernath to dadar status
trains are running or not towrds thane from ambernath???
Khopoli Karjat train chalu ahet ka ?? (sent from Khopoli Stn.)
what @ Pune express ??  (sent from Thakurli)
trains chalu aahet ka?? (sent from Jogeshwari)
are the Thane to CST trains running???? (sent from Mulund)
are there any trains to ambernath, badlapur? (sent from Thakurli)
local running or not Btwn CST to  kylan? (sent from Nilje)
are the Thane to CST trains running???? please help (sent from Mulund)
kalyan to thane trains are working..?? 
what about between kalyan to badlapur station
what about Kasara local from Thane (sent from Thane Stn.)
 kalyan to ambernath working??? (sent from Atgan)
thane to kalyan train? 
up line chalu h na?? (sent from Nahur)
does the trains are working on time??? (sent from Thane)
kalyan to Karjat train services chalice hai? (sent from Turbhe)
basically trains are working fine ?
thane to titwala chalu h kya?
thane to kalyan Trains hai kya??? (sent from Kalyan)
dombivali to kalyan train is running or not
Kalyan se Aasangaon train chalu hai Kya?
trains r running on time or not
Asangaon to Ghatkopar on time? (sent from Asangaon)
anybody please in train kindly msg trains are working fine or not?????
Kalyan to karjat is train  is running ?
what about khopoli train (sent from Andheri)
bhai kanjur me down line trains chalu hai? (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)
whats the train running status in central line? (sent from Nahur)
kalyan to titwala train chalu hai kya? (sent from Mulund Stn.)
??? (sent from Kalyan)
Kalyan asangoan train chaluu ahet ka? (sent from Kalyan)
Dadar to thane trains working ?
??? (sent from Kalyan)
Mumbai to pune???? (sent from Masjid Stn.)
cat to titwala train is working ?? yes or no...
dombivli to karjat trains working?  (sent from Thakurli)
trains from kurla to panvel? (sent from Chunabhatti)
what is trains status in central down line  (sent from Goregaon)
can some one confirm from shahad to csmt trains are available ? (sent from Kopar)
are trains running between kalyan and ulhasnagar? (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)
Dombivli to thane are trains running?? (sent from Belapur Cbd)
 paragati express.. ?statua?  (sent from Thane Stn.)
 paragati express.. ?statua?  (sent from Thane Stn.)
 paragati express.. ?statua?  (sent from Thane Stn.)
dadar to Kalyan train r running?? (sent from Bandra)
Kalgan to asangaon train is working or not ?
karjat local train any update? (sent from Malad)
what's the update?  (sent from Cst Stn.)
sahyadri express train status?
singhagad express kaha hai?? (sent from Thane Stn.)
any fast local from ghatkopar to cst ? (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
what is status of kalyan badlapur
what is status of kalyan badlapur
what is status of cstm to kasara? plz update
kalyan to karajt rains?  (sent from Dombivli)
kalyan to karaj trains?  (sent from Dombivli)
water there..?  (sent from Kalyan)
thane to badlapur train hai Kya? 
 current status of train from Domb to cst plz?
titwala train chalu hai kya?
mail express chalu ahet ka punyat sathi??? (sent from Goregaon)
updates about the Kasara line if any?? (sent from Mulund Stn.)
ambarnath to dadar train h??? (sent from Ambernath)
cst se normal tha?
what about kalyan to Karjat (sent from Kalva Stn.)
dombivli  to ghatkopar ka train status ? (sent from Dombivli)
anyone has any idea if Kalyan-Badlapur trains have started working?
shahad to CST trains are working? (sent from Shahad)
ghatkopar to thane status? (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
any update regarding asangaon and kasara locals? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
dadar to thana trains r moving na? (sent from Dadar Stn.)
Kalyan to Kasara what is the status ? (sent from Badlapur)
mulund to dadar status? (sent from Mulund)
Karjat??? trains (sent from Kalva Stn.)
what about badlapur trains from thane (sent from Nahur)
what about thane to Titwala train
cst to kasara?? (sent from Churchgate)
cst to thane ??  (sent from Thane)
ghatkopar to thane status?
are trains on Central railway running?
titwala line running properly? (sent from Airoli Stn.)
what about cst to kalyan????? (sent from Mumbai Central Stn.)
what about the status for trains to cst? (sent from Bhandup Stn.)
are trains running on central line?  (sent from Elphinstone Road Stn.)
trains towards kasara are running ? (sent from Thakurli Stn.)
Khopoli Karjat train r running from kalyan?  any update..
train from kurla to kalyan running ?
are Dadar to kasara train on time? (sent from Virar Stn.)
trains are running from badlapur to cst?
trains for kalyan are running in time ? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
trains for kalyan are running in time ? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
TITWALA SE KALYAN KE LIYE TRAIN CHALU HAI KYA ??????? (sent from Titwala)
trains are running from badlapur to cst? please reply it's emergency (sent from Titwala)
Trains on central line are delayed by how many hiurs (sent from Shahad)
trains for kalyan are running in time ? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
titwala to thane trains ar?  running properly??  (sent from Titwala Stn.)
Dadar to kasara? Trains are not working?? (sent from Virar Stn.)
titwala to thane trains are running properly??  (sent from Titwala Stn.)
Is train from Kalyan running ???? please update.....anyone..... (sent from Mulund)
what is status of central line trains (sent from Belapur Cbd Stn.)
are trains running towards karjat?
trains from Parel to Mulund running on time or not ? any one answer please (sent from Airoli)
are trains running towards karjat?
srsly ??
are trains running towards karjat??
what is status?running late or not running? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
is trains running from ghatkopet towards khopoli?
what about Dombivli to Kalyan local (sent from Kopar)
mumbar sey CST k liya train chalo hai Kiya?
what about Dadar to Kasara?? (sent from Virar Stn.)
what about kalyan to thane?? (sent from Elphinstone Road Stn.)
are trains running properly from dombivli to mulund?   (sent from Mulund)
what about kalyan to dadar (sent from Kalyan)
what about csmt to karjat (sent from Bhivpuriroad Stn.)
Karjat local... any update ? (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
Karjat local... any update ? (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
Karjat local... any update ? (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
what about train status....?
any update ?? (sent from Vashi Stn.)
Please update on Kurla - Kanjurmarg train status?? (sent from Dadar Stn.)
train are running? (sent from Bhayander)
by how much time  (sent from Bhandup)
pls help.... any update on trains to karjat??? (sent from Mulund)
is kasarA route is working ? (sent from Elphinstone Road)
Thane to Kalyan trains running?
CST to Kalyan trains working? (sent from Dombivli)
trains available from Ulhasnagar or no? towards cst? (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)
thane to Badlapur train are running or not?  (sent from Airoli Stn.)
Kasara root is working or not
what is update 
is there train kalyan to cst
is there any delay or on time
what is the status of train from dombivali to cst (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
parel to thane?  (sent from Elphinstone Road)
parel to thane?  (sent from Elphinstone Road)
is train on time or not...? 
thane 2 badlapur ?
what about kurla to ambernath?  (sent from Chunabhatti)
is any trains available (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)
what about kurla to ambernath?  (sent from Chunabhatti)
Mulund to domb chalu hai kya? (sent from Mulund Stn.)
is train running from thane to karjat?
Mulund to domb chalu hai kya? (sent from Mulund Stn.)
are down trains running fine? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
kalyan==Ambarnath train ??? (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)
cst to thane ? on time 
trains r working??? (sent from Vidyavihar)
cst to thane ? on time 
what is the train status from ghatkopar to ulhasnagar
trains are working ????
are trains working between CST to Dombivali? (sent from Mahalakshmi)
BADLAPUR to cstm train chalu aahe ka.  ??? (sent from Badlapur)
what about dombivli  to thane route
BADLAPUR to cstm train chalu aahe ka.  ??? (sent from Badlapur)
what is the train status from ghatkopar to ulhasnagar
hi how is traine (sent from Ghatkopar)
what about kalyan to neral train r on time or not (sent from Panvel Stn.)
what abt Thane to cst.... whether they r working (sent from Nahur Stn.)
What is status of dombivli station ? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
kasara trains r running properly?? 
what about the trains from Sion to titwala (sent from Sion stn) (sent from Sion Stn.)
dombivili to thane ? (sent from Dombivli)
what about panvel
is train working from Mulund???  (sent from Mulund)
Kalyan to kasara any updates ? (sent from Badlapur)
dadar to ambarnath are working? (sent from Grant Road Stn.)
what is the train to thane from dadar
hello is trains running from vithalwadi to dombivali??? (sent from Vithalwadi)
Is there train for titwala (sent from Shahad)
cst to kalyan train chalu he kya? (sent from Kalyan)
what's the status of Kurla?
train from thane to Karjat ? (sent from Lowjee Stn.)
is train running from vithalwadi to dombivali??  (sent from Vithalwadi)
thane to kalyan chalu ahe ka?
what is position from Ghatkopar to ambernath (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
ambernath k liye trn chalu h Kya? from mulund station (sent from Ambernath)
Badlapur to cst train status?  anyone right now at badlapur stn??  (sent from Badlapur)
Dombivali to badlapur train status please? 
what is status of kurla ?
status of local towards badlapur??? (sent from Cst)
what status vasai 🚆 train (sent from Thakurli Stn.)
kasara train chalu hai kya??
kasara trains are running ? (sent from Churchgate Stn.)
are titwala to Cst trains running?  (sent from Titwala Stn.)
where are you are the trains running?
what status vasai 🚆 train (sent from Thakurli Stn.)
what status vasai 🚆 train (sent from Thakurli Stn.)
What about kalyan to Ambernath trains any one please confirm
does trains between thane kalyan running?? (sent from Thakurli)
ulhasnagar to karjat are trains running? (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)
are trains to khopoli running? (sent from Bhandup Stn.)
are trains running on time? (sent from Kurla Stn.)
what's the train status from ghatkopar to dombivli?
are trains running from vithalwadi to dombivali??? plzz reply to me... (sent from Vithalwadi)
are trains running between Dombivli and Mulund ? (sent from Kopar Stn.)
vithalwadi to badlapur? (sent from Bandra)
whatss the status of Ambarnath to cstm??
are trains running between Dombivli and Mulund ? (sent from Kopar Stn.)
have trains started towards Karjat from Kalyan ? (sent from Tilak Nagar)
train status at vangni?...
have trains started towards Karjat from Kalyan ? (sent from Tilak Nagar)
?? (sent from Kurla Stn.)
Titvala train on time or not
badlapur to cst are running? (sent from Badlapur Stn.)
Titvala train on time or not
badlapur to cst are running? (sent from Badlapur Stn.)
are trains running between vithalwadi to dombivali??? (sent from Vithalwadi)
kalyan 2:48 cst fast kaha hai? (sent from Thane Stn.)
what is the current status of central and trans harbour line (sent from Nahur)
which movie Hitesh?? (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)
badalapur train? (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)
What is update of central line in mumbai (sent from Shahad)
that's what m asking  (sent from Vithalwadi)
what about fast trains from kasara and ambernath to csmt? are they will be on time. train timings 04:57 and 05:04 respectively.!  (sent from Dombivli)
why we are not getting reply  (sent from Vithalwadi)
Badlapur to Thane?  (sent from Badlapur Stn.)
why we are not getting reply  (sent from Vithalwadi)
want to leave for thane in an hour... should i go or not? (sent from Kalyan)
plzz say are trains running from vithalwadi to dombivali?????? (sent from Vithalwadi)
Badlapur k liye train hai Kya?  (sent from Dadar Stn.)
Badlapur k liye train hai Kya?  (sent from Dadar Stn.)
asangaon train?? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
Central line chaloo aahe ka? (sent from Churchgate)
Is water log at sion n kurla?  (sent from Grant Road)
pakka na Bhai? (sent from Vithalwadi)
is train running on time? i want to go from dadar to virar from kalyan (sent from Ambivli Stn.)
trains running on time or not?
CSMT ते डोंबिवली चालू आहे का ट्रेन? (sent from Sandhurst Road Stn.)
asangaon & kasara la janarya train ch status kay ahe.....?
are trains running on time from cst to thane ? (sent from Sandhurst Road)
what is central line status?  (sent from Koparkhairne Stn.)
kalyan te CST train chalu aahe ka ?plz plz update (sent from Kalyan)
central line trains status please?
Are trains running in central line?  (sent from Mulund)
as per news trains are started between vitthlwadi & kalyan all the trains are 20-25 mind late but anyone has any idea about kalyan kasara line? (sent from Ambivli Stn.)
are trains are working from Dombivli to Kurla? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
where is asangaon train  (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
Is there anyone who is actually travelling at the moment and could share the Live status  (sent from Kurla)
hi..... trains r running on centeal line or not
kurla ty Ambernath train chalu aah ka? (sent from Govandi)
is there any train to ambernath? (sent from Kanjur Marg)
kalyan down to ambernath train chalu h kya?
kalyan down to ambernath train chalu h kya?
train running on time? (sent from Vikhroli)
cst - khopoli train chalu ahe ka?  (sent from Churchgate)
kalyan se thane chlu h train??
उल्हासनगर वरुन डोंबिवलीला जायला ट्रेन आहे का????? (sent from Dombivli)
whats the status of cst to dombivli trains? (sent from Thakurli)
mumbai to kalyan ?? (sent from Kalyan)
train running on time? (sent from Vikhroli)
thane to dadar on time?? (sent from Sanpada)
kalyan pasun pudhe karjat train chalu ahet ka??? (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)
Vikhroli to Kalyan train chal rha hai?? (sent from Vikhroli)
Are the trains running between ambernath and thane?
what the train status from Titwala to CSMT..?
What is the status of CST-Thane? (sent from Thane)
kalyan to badlapur trains are on time ??? (sent from Kalyan)
Kalyan to Thane? (sent from Kurla Stn.)
what situation in central line train thane to karjat
what about Thane to titwala
abhi train chalu hai kya? thane to dombivali (sent from Mumbra Stn.)
dadar to dombivli? (sent from Grant Road Stn.)
what about fast trains from Dombivli to csmt and vice versa? are they on time? if they are delayed then how much time they are delayed?  (sent from Dombivli)
kopar to Vasai is running on time?? (sent from Thane Stn.)
there is train from kalyan towadrs cst??????
Trains from titwala to CST ?? (sent from Ambivli Stn.)
Dadar to Kalyan what is status? (sent from Dadar Stn.)
trains late on central line?? (sent from Airoli Stn.)
train chalu aaht ka ? kalyan chya pude (sent from Govandi)
where is Kharghar ??
are there trains to ambernath? (sent from Kanjur Marg)
ambernath train is on tym or not
Is the central train running from Thane??? (sent from Bandra)
what is the status for train from Titwala to CSMT? and vise vera
any train from kalyan towards badlapur?
central line current status?? (sent from Masjid)
Ulhasnage pasun csmt chalu ahe ka ? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
trains late on central line?? (sent from Airoli Stn.)
same question? (sent from Dadar Stn.)
what is the frequency of trains in CR are they cancelling devices or what (sent from Kalyan)
 are trains are delay? (sent from Thane Stn.)
what is the status of Central line train????
what position kyn to Mumbai local
what is the status of Central line train????
what status ambernath to cst train (sent from Ambernath Stn.)
kurla thane any prblm ? (sent from Gtb Nagar Stn.)
ghatkopar to dombivli chalu h? (sent from Vidyavihar Stn.)
what position kyn to Mumbai local
Ambernath to Kalyan????kiti late aahe train???? (sent from Ambernath Stn.)
kasara asangaon k trains available h kya ? (sent from Shahad)
is trains running between Dombivali to vikroli? 
what is the status of Central line train????
what is the status of Central line train????
vasai to kpapr chalu hai kya?
train kitna late h?? (sent from Dombivli)
trains to kalyan  -  thane r running? 
cst to kalyan whats the status?????? (sent from Mahalakshmi)
dombivli station se up trains chalu he??? (sent from Dombivli)
badlapur train chalu aahe ka??? (sent from Thane Stn.)
thane to badlapur?
trains status frm thane to kalyan? any one
kalyan karjat train chalu hua hai kya.?
trains status frm thane to kalyan? any one
is train operating or not in central line? (sent from Elphinstone Road Stn.)
what is the current status of suburban train
kurla  to titwala  status? (sent from Kurla Stn.)
what is the current status of suburban train
all central line are clear? (sent from Panvel)
asangaon train status??? (sent from Shahad Stn.)
PUNE to aurangabad when train
Ambernath to Kalyan???? (sent from Ambernath Stn.)
what about sion
Ambernath to Kalyan???? (sent from Ambernath Stn.)
on hai? (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)
trains chalu hai ki band hai?? (sent from Shahad)
what is update kalyan to ghatkopar
what about Ambernath - Thane/ CSTM?
when is next trian from karjat to kalyam (sent from Karjat Stn.)
kalyan to ambernath?? (sent from Kalyan)
thane to CST train are running?? (sent from Thane)
does local trains running from Dadar towards Kalyan? on today. (sent from Kings Circle)
what is the status of mumbai pune express... (sent from Ambivli Stn.)
what time you left from cstm (sent from Kurla)
what is the status of mumbai pune express... (sent from Ambivli Stn.)
central line chalu hai Kya???
only ? s  no one gives anwers on this forum.. waste of time
central line chalu ahe ka???
whats the status thane cst ?
Kalyan to Dombivali trains Chalu h? (sent from shahad) (sent from Shahad Stn.)
Kalyan Badlapur what is train Status  (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
badlapur to karjat train running??
CST to Kalyan running properly? (sent from Dombivli)
trains are running or not??? any update (sent from Vikhroli)
are from wherr to where
trains shahad se chalu hai? (sent from Shahad)
CST to Kalyan running properly? (sent from Dombivli)
kurla to dombivile train r start or not ??? (sent from Chunabhatti)
thane to ambernath train status ????? (sent from Koparkhairne)
Are kalyan karjat trains on tym? (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)
what is status dadar to mulund
how can u say that from elphiston road....that train are running towards badlapur (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)
thane to ambernath train status ????? (sent from Koparkhairne)
how can u say that from elphiston road....that train are running towards badlapur (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)
thane to Kalyan status pls?
kalyan to dombivali  train start or not???
what is the running status of central line
trains are running or not??? (sent from Tilak Nagar)
what is the running status of central line
cst status? (sent from Mumbra Stn.)
Vasai to Panvel nikli hai kiya???any one know (sent from Kopar Stn.)
kalyan to badlapur train start or not
is there water logging between Dombivli to Kalyan? (sent from Vidyavihar)
Badlapur CSTM whats the train status ?
does. local train running from Dadar towards Kalyan? up (sent from Vidyavihar Stn.)
now what is status of local trains  from vangani to cst? (sent from Vangani)
Badlapur CSTM whats the train status ? (sent from Badlapur)
what is the status of kasara trains (sent from Atgan Stn.)
kalyan to badlapur?
kalyan to badlapur?  (sent from Thane Stn.)
thane to kalyan train status please?
kurla status ??? (sent from Chunabhatti)
ambernath to thane??  (sent from Ambernath)
Thane to CSTM train is running or not?
bhai log trains chaalu hai kya?  (sent from Vidyavihar)
kalyan to cst trains started or not ?
kurla to badlapur?? (sent from Bandra)
wht is the status? from ghatkopar to mulund? (sent from Mulund)
dadar to Ghatkopar? (sent from Ghatkopar)
cst to thane status?
dombivli to titwala???  (sent from Thakurli)
koi update dega? 
guys wht is the status from ghatkopar to mulund? (sent from Mulund)
train chalu hai kya Kalyan ke liye ? (sent from Gtb Nagar)
kalyan ti dadar ? all good? (sent from Dadar)
train time pe hai kya? (sent from Tilak Nagar Stn.)
Ambernath to Kalyan train start ?  (sent from Ambernath)
any idea about asangaon to kasara route?
Kasara ?? (sent from Kandivali)
Bhai kalyan se thane ke liye local chalu hai kya? ? ? ? 
Bhai kalyan se thane ke liye local chalu hai kya? ? ? ? 
Karjat train koi Nikli kya?
Ambernath Kalyan train started ?  (sent from Ambernath)
khopoli fast train status?? (sent from Dadar Stn.)
kalyan thane train chalu hai?
train time pe hai kya? towards thane (sent from Kurla Stn.)
train sahi se chal rahi hai kya ? (sent from Gtb Nagar Stn.)
kalyan thane train chalu hai?
kopar se Thane ka trein time thick he kya? (sent from Vasai Road Stn.)
what is the condition of train between kalyan to ambarnath 
train chalu h na? (sent from Vashi Stn.)
where is karjat train (sent from Badlapur)
kopar se Thane ka trein time thick he kya? (sent from Vasai Road Stn.)
वाशिंद जवळ पुला खाली पाणी वाढलय? ABP News seen just.. (sent from Nilje)
train status towards karjat? (sent from Badlapur)
Hi Hira, train is on time? (sent from Bandra)
karjat chalu hai kya????
cst to kalyan train chalu h kya?
Vangani to Dombivali train status?.. (sent from Vangani)
train status from kalyan to badlapur? (sent from Kalyan)
trains on time ? (sent from Koparkhairne)
डोंबिवली हुन कसारा साठी लोकल चालू आहे का? प्लिज हेल्प.. (sent from Nilje)
ambernath to thane chalu hai kya? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
kurla se kalyan ka kya haal he boss? (sent from Tilak Nagar Stn.)
r trains running on time?
Badlapur to Thane trains are running??  (sent from Badlapur Stn.)
cst to kalyan...what is the position? (sent from Cst)
cst to kalyan...what is the position? (sent from Cst)
what is the status of train from dadar to kalyan? (sent from Elphinstone Road)
train chalu hai kya please tell me ? (sent from Chunabhatti)
what is the status of train from dadar to kalyan? (sent from Elphinstone Road)
Kalyan k aage trains chal rahe hai kya? towards Kasara side. pls update
Train titwala k liye chalu hai kya pls..?
Kalyan k aage trains chal rahe hai kya? towards Kasara side. pls update
डोंबिवली to दादर trains status?  (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
Is  there any train from CSTM from Ulhasnagar (sent from Vithalwadi)
karjat chalu aahe ka??
is slow trains running from Thane to badlapur ???? (sent from Ambernath)
TL TO KURLA LOCAL CHALU HE KYA?????  (sent from Shahad Stn.)
is there water logging at dombivli station (sent from Thane)
are there trains Frm kalyan to kurla?
what about train to kasar (sent from Byculla Stn.)
any Trains from ambernath to thane ? (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)
hey guys CST to Dombivali working? (sent from Thakurli)
train chaalu aahet?
where is train now?
hi what is train status from byculla to kalyan
what is the status of kasara to kalyan (sent from Ambernath)
are central railway trains on time?  (sent from Borivali)
trains are running from CST to kalyan?
What about the down line? (sent from Dombivli)
what is the status abt train?
kurla to diva train working ??? (sent from Chunabhatti)
thane to cst ? (sent from Ghansoli)
badlapur trains are running? or not (sent from Marine Lines Stn.)
trains are running from Mark at??
what the hell man there are no trains for karjat (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
don't ask questions like illiterate. just read what others are saying (sent from Koparkhairne)
Are the trains working?
thane to Kalyan chalu hai kya? (sent from Thane)
kurla to diva trains are working ???
is it safe to travel from vikhroli to thane ? (sent from Vikhroli)
are trains working from karjat?? (sent from Neral Stn.)
what's about kurla station  (sent from Mankhurd)
thane to cst chal raha hai kya bhai help anyone?  (sent from Bhandup)
status from Thane to asangaon?  (sent from Mumbra Stn.)
status for Kalyan CST???
 Dadar to Ulhasnagar????? (sent from Khar Road)
hey friends kalyan to cst trains are running or not? (sent from Ambivli)
what happened to Badlapur trains? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
hi what the train status (sent from Dombivli)
is there any late train issue today
badlapur train what time ??? (sent from Thakurli)
Are trains from Badlapur going to thane ??? (sent from Badlapur Stn.)
what is the situation of trains (sent from Grant Road)
what is status of train (sent from Dombivli)
is the central line working fine
badlapur to kalyan chalu aahe ka ?koni tari saanga (sent from Badlapur Stn.)
kalyan dombival train are running ?
is there any trains from kalyan to cst (sent from Ambivli)
dombivli to badlapur ???? (sent from Thakurli)
kalyan dombival train are running ?
is train working from kalyan to cst??? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
are trains running late? or stopped??
matunga to ghatkopar trains Working ? (sent from Mahim Jn)
कर्जत दिशेने जाणाऱ्या लोकल चालु आहेत का?
what is the update between cstm and kalyan
Is there mega block on central line tomorrow and between which stations  (sent from Karjat)
any Central line update ?? (sent from Ghansoli Stn.)
Any idea trains moving from kalyan to ambernath? (sent from Nahur)
kalyan thane trains running??? (sent from Kalyan)
what is the update between cstm and kalyan
what is the update between Thane to Ambernath...plz tell
cst badlapur 🚆 chalu hai Kya?
Kurla to dombiwali, how is train running? (sent from Tilak Nagar Stn.)
any update from badlapur to cst train?? (sent from Badlapur)
 central line running proper? (sent from Masjid Stn.)
what is the status of center line railway (sent from Rabale)
what is the train whggg
please confirm , trains are working from dadar to badlapur?? (sent from Elphinstone Road Stn.)
central line train proper working? (sent from Ghatkopar)
kurla to kalyan trains are running or not ? can any one update
what's abt from thane to titwala???
dadar to. thane...?? (sent from Elphinstone Road)
kalyan to badlapur trains running ???????
Kalyan to ambernath trains are running?
titwala se train hai kya??  (sent from Thane Stn.)
are trains from thane to karjat???
whats the position of the train? (sent from Badlapur Stn.)
thane to Dombivli train running???
are central line trains working? (sent from Andheri)
what is the train status (sent from Kurla Stn.)
what is status of train from thane to cst (sent from Rabale)
thane to kalyan trains chalu hai kya?
thane to kalyan train  chalu he kya? 
Thane to Kalyan trn chalu h kya?? (sent from Nerul Stn.)
kalyan to cst train chalu aahet ka?
what is train status in central line (sent from Vidyavihar)
kalyan to Badlapur ?
is Kalyan kassara running late? (sent from Kasara Stn.)
are kasara cst locals running late ? (sent from Kasara Stn.)
is everything okay at Vittalwadi station?  (sent from Vithalwadi)
cst to kalyan??  (sent from Vithalwadi)
karajat to cst chalu ahet ka trns? (sent from Neral Stn.)
any update train from Thane is CST ?? (sent from Rabale)
hi guys what is status of 🚆 (sent from Badlapur)
What was problem 
towards Badlpur train chalu ahe n? (sent from Dahisar)
What IS The Status OF KASARA TO KALYAN
any train towards mumbai from kalyan???
thane to badalapur train??
are trains  available from Kalyan to badlapur? (sent from Dadar Stn.)
kalyan to cst fast trains are working? (sent from Ambivli)
are trains working from dadar to kalyan??  (sent from Vithalwadi)
is train moving from Ambernath to cst or not
kurla to badlapur  train are running??? (sent from Chunabhatti)
kurla te csmt train velevr ahet ka...??? (sent from Kurla Stn.)
what is the status of central? (sent from Lower Parel)
kalyan to cst are running? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
ghatkopar to badlapur train status please? (sent from Jogeshwari)
what is the current status of cst to dombivali (sent from Kopar Stn.)
kalyan kasara??
how late are the trains running?
is train running from badlapur to dadar? 
are central line trains on time?
thane to titwala chalu aahe kaa?? 
thane to dombivali train are there? (sent from Koparkhairne Stn.)
trains running from cst to thane?  (sent from Churchgate)
badlapur chya trains chalu zalya ka? (sent from Chembur Stn.)
are trains running from Kalyan to ambernath..? (sent from Kandivali)
any update from badlapur station? trains are working or not? (sent from Badlapur Stn.)
are trains on central line on time?
kalyan to ambernath train running or not? (sent from Mulund Stn.)
kasara Mumbai train running ?
thane to cst trains chalu hai Kya? (sent from Mulund Stn.)
train is moving towards kalyan?  (sent from Bandra Stn.)
is there any problem with thane to Kalyan train s??? (sent from Belapur Cbd Stn.)
status of kasara cst train?
is central line working?
kalyan to ambernath and onwards traims are moving??? (sent from Kalva Stn.)
kasara local status??
cst se train time par hai kyaa ??  (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
Train status for kasara line from dadar?  (sent from Dadar)
badlapur to cst???? (sent from Thane Stn.)
what is the status ok kalyan-karjat route??
3?47 Dadar from Kalyan status? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
kurla to kalyan ? (sent from Kalyan)
??
what is the status of titwala to cst
what is the current position of central line? (sent from Thakurli)
kalyan to cst running?  (sent from Rabale)
is trains working fine?
kalyan mein kasara side se train aa rahe hai?
are there trains available from Kalyan to ambernath /badlapur? 
how us the train schedule (sent from Cst)
is central line from kasara to cstm running ?  (sent from Khardi)
Kalyan to thane ?????? (sent from Kalyan)
what is status train from shahad (sent from Shahad)
what is the status of train running towards kalyan (sent from Vithalwadi)
is train running from karjat to kalyan? (sent from Neral Stn.)
shahad pe cst k liye train aa raha hai?
is local train between CST to titwala running in time,? (sent from Cst)
dadar to Kalyan train chalu ahe ka?
ghatkopar to cst chalu h kya? (sent from Ghatkopar)
kasara to dadar working or not
is there is train for cst
Kalyan to ghatkopar running?? (sent from Andheri)
 central line kita ni let hai..?  (sent from Masjid Stn.)
what is status for thane to kalyan (sent from Koparkhairne)
what is the status of Dombivli to CSMT (sent from Thakurli)
are you travelling?  (sent from Kurla)
what about ghatkoper to cst (sent from Vikhroli)
trains in central line beyond Kalyan started or not? (sent from Sandhurst Road)
pune hun dombivli la jayla train chalu ahet ka?
what is the status of kalyan-karjat route? (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)
what is the status?
Are trains are running from thane towards ambarnath ?? (sent from Mulund)
tahne to asangaon? 
This is for train status, not a weather channel ! Ask your friends or family who live in Dombivali or check on the internet (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
thane to asangaon?  (sent from Kalyan)
is train running to Kalyan pls tell me who on the way (sent from Elphinstone Road Stn.)
badlapur to mulund? (sent from Churchgate)
is train working from ghatkopar to Andheri? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
are trains running from ambernath towards CST?
train status from Thane to Csmt?
are the train working in kasara to cst? (sent from Vithalwadi)
are trains working from thane to anbernath /badlapur/khopoli?
dadar to thane working properly? (sent from Elphinstone Road)
ambernath thane??
plz update trains  are working?
is the train is running between ambarnath to Thane,if anyone is in train pls update
kasara to Kalyan? (sent from Vithalwadi)
any status ???
kalyan dombivali status? (sent from Masjid Stn.)
are the train working? (sent from Santa Cruz)
what is the status of CST kalyan
train chalu hai? (sent from Santa Cruz)
please update dadar to badlapur train chalu Hai Kya? (sent from Vile Parle)
ok but so trains arent stopped na just running late?  (sent from Gtb Nagar Stn.)
Ulhasnagar to Karjat  ? (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)
kalyan to thane train is running or not
cst ya kasara k liye?
trains are late?
ambernath- cst trains how much delay expected approx? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
please update abt status Kurla to Kalyan?
thane se Badlapur train Status?  (sent from Khandeshwar)
anyupdate on pune to cst train status?
from Thane to byculla? 
shahad thane train chalu aahe ka?
central line status???? (sent from Ambernath Stn.)
thane to badlapur any update ?
status??  (sent from Ambernath Stn.)
kaha jaana hai bhai apko? (sent from Thane)
thane to ambernat status? (sent from Thane Stn.)
cst to ambernath, are the trains running properly?? (sent from Ambernath)
Thane Kalyan chalu ahet Ka? (sent from Belapur Cbd Stn.)
badlapur to karjat, trains r running or not?  (sent from Badlapur Stn.)
is central line working or not
 what about kasara (sent from Asangaon Stn.)
asangaon /Kasara down on time? 
dombivli to badlapur train chl rhi h kya?
vasai diva train chalu hai kya?? (sent from Virar Stn.)
are trains on time? beyond Kalyan towards CST? 
khopoli to karjat or cat?
what about ambernath thane train (sent from Ambernath)
Ambarnarh to Dadar kya status ? (sent from Jogeshwari)
Badlapur CSMT Train status plz?
badlapur to cst train chalu ahe ka? (sent from Badlapur)
any train for karjat from thane? (sent from Thane)
trains are running towards Ambernath? (sent from Rabale)
thane to cst train chal rahi hai kya ?
Kalyan to thane ?  (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
trains on time? (sent from Rabale)
Badlapur to thane? (sent from Badlapur)
Kasara aise se train aa raha hai? 
what about ghatkopar to Kalyan?? trains are running late?
is central line working? (sent from Kanjur Marg)
r trns workng??? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
train bund ha kya??
what about cst to kalyan?? 
wat abt ambernath train?
karjat cst line chalu ahe ka ?
shahad pe koi train bata raha hai?
are trains running from Kalyan to Badlapur?
central line train is running or not
train status between badlapur to vikhroli????  (sent from Badlapur)
are train running from thane to ambernath???? (sent from Thane)
Badlapur to thane status? (sent from Badlapur)
what about kalyan to cst
tiwale to thane train chalu hai kya? 
KARJAT SE KALYAN TAK ROUTE CHALU HE KYA?
mulund to dombibli train chalu hai......? (sent from Nahur)
ghatkopar to badlapur train status ???? (sent from Ghatkopar)
train chalu ahet kay?
what is the cureent situation now??
What about CST up From Vasind  (sent from Vasind Stn.)
Trains running in Karjat and Badlapur or not ? (sent from Badlapur)
trains chalu ahet kay?
Kurla to Kalyan trains chalu hai kya?
what is the status of train
train from badlapur to cst running ok??? (sent from Badlapur)
kln Thane chalu ahe kaa? (sent from Thakurli Stn.)
what is the status of trains
कल्याण स्टेशन वर पाणी आहे का ट्रॅक मध्ये? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
what is the status of trains
trains are running towards Ambernath? (sent from Rabale)
are train running from mumbra to cst? (sent from Bhandup Stn.)
central line chalu aahet ka?? Dadar to Kalyan  (sent from Andheri Stn.)
status of train from dadar towards kasara?? (sent from Jogeshwari)
kalyan to kasara? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
what is the status of trains
status towards badlapur from kalyam???  (sent from Dativali)
what about Titwala route (sent from Titwala Stn.)
kalyan to cst chalu ahet kay? (sent from Kalyan)
train late hai kya??
what is the main problem for hurdle the train  (sent from Bhandup Stn.)
what's status about kalyanto kasara
for kalyan trains are working??? (sent from Vashi Stn.)
wht about Kanjur Marg to Vithalwadi ????
what about this
what is status for express from cst to manmad (sent from Bhandup Stn.)
where is asangaon train now (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
Is Central Line trains are on time? please reply (sent from Sion Stn.)
dombivli to ghatkopar trains chalu aahet ka ?
what is the  (sent from Malad Stn.)
what about status of ambernath to Kalyan 
are trains working from thane to kalyan?
central line chalu hai Kya? (sent from Cotton Green)
what status about karjat to kalyan trains
what is the status of central railway line ? (sent from Kalva)
what is the train status (sent from Ambivli Stn.)
central line ka Kya haal Hai?
dadar to chinchpoklu chalu hai?
Is Thane Badlapur trains are running..? (sent from Rabale Stn.)
kalyan toward badlapur train are running? (sent from Chembur Stn.)
Is there any delay in central line from Dadar to Dombivli
what is the status of ghatkopar to badlapur (sent from Ghatkopar)
Thane Tran cst se chalu hai Kay? (sent from Churchgate)
kalva to Dadar chalu hai kya? (sent from Kalva)
train ka kya hal hai? office me se nikalna hai (sent from Charni Road)
kalva to Dadar chalu hai kya? (sent from Kalva)
what about train (sent from Churchgate)
check in Western line chat (sent from Dombivli)
requested to block those how sending tp msg (sent from Dombivli)
CST to Thane working ? (sent from Churchgate)
what is the status of titwala trains (sent from Ambivli)
Dombivli tak train chalu hai kya?  (sent from Dadar)
kalyan train status? (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)
china se india ka train chalu hai kya? (sent from Vithalwadi)
kalyan to dombivli r working?  (sent from Shahad)
आज रात्रि सीएटि ते कल्याण रेल्वे सुरु राहणार आहे का ? (sent from Masjid Stn.)
Dadar se down hai kya train? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
what the status of sion (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
ulhas to thane,what is status?
what is the status of train towards titwala (sent from Ghansoli Stn.)
what is status between badlapur to kalyan?? (sent from Bhandup Stn.)
what is status of trains?? (sent from Andheri)
ambernath track Chalu hai Kya??? (sent from Kalyan)
   what's the status of trains now ? (sent from Mulund)
abhi central railway ka kya status hai ? (sent from Tilak Nagar)
is दादर ठाणे ट्रेन चालू है?  (sent from Vadala Road Stn.)
Kalyan to Badlapur train status ? (sent from Rabale)
train from Thane to cst running properly?? 
are they working ? (sent from Mulund)
what is the status of train towards titwala (sent from Ghansoli Stn.)
trains are running or not ? (sent from Tilak Nagar)
dadar to thane ? (sent from Mulund)
from ulhasnagar to cst,what is status?
what about central line status  (sent from Bandra Stn.)
guys thane to kalyan trains operating normally?
??
any news from badlapur??? (sent from Lower Parel)
what about express to Pune from kalyan (sent from Ambernath Stn.)
thane to kalyan chalu hai? (sent from Rabale Stn.)
are trains running from Mulund to Dadar ? (sent from Mulund)
what about trains between kalyan and karjat (sent from Ambernath)
kurla se kalyan train Kya status hai pls update ??? (sent from Kalva)
bhadup to CST chalu hai kay....?  (sent from Panvel)
thane to kanjurmarg train?  (sent from Thane Stn.)
Thane to Ghatkopar trains available?
Is there a mega block on CR on 8th July ?
Thane to dombivali train chalu hai kya??  (sent from Koparkhairne)
what's status of down train (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
Atgaon to CSMT status?
dombivali kalyan chalu ahe ka?
toward dombivali is trains r running???  (sent from Diva Jn)
what's status of express trains way to Nashik
thane to Badlapur ka status kya h ? (sent from Vashi Stn.)
what about ulhasnagar to karjat (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)
cst to kalyan?  (sent from Marine Lines)
are central trains running smoothly till kalwa ??
Any update on thane to kalyan trains ? (sent from Shahad)
what is status of kalyan station now trains got on track or not
is central line towards thane running on time and properly?  (sent from Kings Circle Stn.)
titwala to kalyan train chalu hai kya ? (sent from Titwala Stn.)
what is status at kalyan station
cst to dombivilli trains are running? (sent from Churchgate)
Ghatkopar to kalyan are trains working?
is train working between thane and dombivli? 
ghatkopar to dombivli trains working??? (sent from Chembur)
dombivali se chalu hua kya ? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
what is status Dadar Badlapur train (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
dadar to thane?  (sent from Kings Circle Stn.)
Are trains on time? (sent from Andheri)
train status from ambernath to thane?
cst to dombivali chalu hai kya?  (sent from Karjat)
what is train status (sent from Churchgate)
what about kalyan down trains? (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
What is the status of trains from thane to dadar
kalyan to karjat ??
kasara train chalu ahe ? (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
what is status matunga to Badlapur ? (sent from Matunga Stn.)
Parel to thane train chalu hai kya? (sent from Lower Parel)
train at karjat started?
what is the status of trains (sent from Kalva)
ghatkopar to Dombivili local chalu hai kya??
BADLAPUR to dombivali trains are on time or not? (sent from Badlapur)
what's the train status on central line? (sent from Badlapur)
can any body please tell whats the status of trains betwen kalyan to karjat?  (sent from Thakurli)
where is karjat train (sent from Kurla Stn.)
is any blok in kalyan to badlapur (sent from Kalyan)
what is current status (sent from Ambernath)
status of trains from Thane to CST please? (sent from Kalva)
thane se slow trains hai ya fast hai ???
Trains are going beyond thane or not
will trains still stop at Kanjur Marg? 
are there trains from kalyan to titwala?
western line chalu h kya? (sent from Govandi Stn.)
kalyan to karjat train chalu hai kya?
when it crossed to thane (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)
tomorrow? 
Baroda express kitne baje aayegi ?? (sent from Elphinstone Road)
  badlapur trains r on time or late?
thane to cst status??  (sent from Thane Stn.)
what is the train status  (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)
what is status of train from cstm to badalapur (sent from Lower Parel)
what about titwala train schedule
trains on time? (sent from Lower Parel)
what is status for ulhasnagar to kurla trains? (sent from Shahad)
Teaching swimming tomorrow for free in Ghatkopar. Everyone who can't swim should join in. kab tak railway ke bharose jiyoge 😂
are cst fast trains running at all?? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
 trains are late or correct time? 
badlapur trains are on time ???? (sent from Ghatkopar)
Check in Western line Chat group. (sent from Rabale Stn.)
kalyan station pe pani bhar gaya kya?  (sent from Jogeshwari)
what about cstm to  kasara train ?? running or not ? (sent from Mulund Stn.)
Are the trains running from Dombivli towards CST ?  (sent from Thakurli)
train status between Kalyan and Badlapur towards can't?
kitna time? thane to cst?  (sent from Thane Stn.)
central line train are on time or what ???? (sent from Kanjur Marg)
central trains r working? (sent from Kalyan)
train status for kalva to ghatkopar anyone?? (sent from Kalva)
what abt Badlapur  to karjat?? (sent from Badlapur)
ulhas to kurla ? (sent from Shahad)
aasangoan train chalu hai Kya??? (sent from Koparkhairne)
Cst To kasara train chalu ahi kya? (sent from Asangaon Stn.)
csmt to thane? (sent from Marine Lines)
What's about titwala to kalyan
wht about kasara train???
Are Central Railway trains delayed by 20 Minutes but still running or not ? Pls inform. Thanks. (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)
why trains are going slow after mumbra (sent from Mumbra Stn.)
Kya dadar se Kalyan train chal rahi hai ? (sent from Vile Parle Stn.)
thane to CST working or not??? (sent from Thane)
where is karjat trn (sent from Chunabhatti Stn.)
what about after 7:28 ghtkopar to kalyan
does  rajyarani train halts at Thane in evening?towards Nashik (sent from Nahur Stn.)
ulhas  to thane? (sent from Shahad)
what is stutars centrel line
how much late are trains from Ambarnath to CST  (sent from Ambernath)
khadvli to kalyan train chalu hai kya?
what is train status at badlapur
any updates on trains to Pune? (sent from Rabale Stn.)
pubg anyone? (sent from Koparkhairne)
ambernath se chalu hue kya ?  (sent from Ambernath Stn.)
wat Abt central line train status?? (sent from Koparkhairne)
guys Is train on time to badlapur ?
pubg anyone? (sent from Rabale)
?????
ghatkopar to vashi trains?? (sent from Ghatkopar)
what about trains running towards khopoli..?
is there train from dadar to badlapur (sent from Santa Cruz Stn.)
csmt to vithalwadi line clear??? please inform  (sent from Cst Stn.)
kalyan badlapur trains are running????? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
what about thane to cst (sent from Thane)
thanks...but at wat tym?bcoz indicator Thane is not mentioned it's directly halt at kalyan (sent from Nahur Stn.)
train are running  or not..? (sent from Jogeshwari)
ludo. ?? (sent from Rabale Stn.)
trains are running fine? (sent from Badlapur)
what's the status of cst to kasara train?? (sent from Kasara Stn.)
thane se train chalu hai kya ?
thane to ambernath trains running or not 
is there any recently train left from Kalyan towards badalapur... (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)
I want travel to ambarnath from Dadar.... what's the status (sent from Parel)
what's known train status (sent from Thakurli Stn.)
is any problem between thane to kajur marg bcoz within half an hour no slow trains arriving at kanjur marg (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)
hi going towards??  (sent from Kalva)
Ghatkopar to kalyan train running?  (sent from Virar)
are the trains on time for kalyan? (sent from Kanjur Marg)
hello... trains are running properly on central line or not?
I want to travel from shahad to vikhroli what the train status (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
trains are running fine?????? (sent from Badlapur)
thank you Dinesh...at what time left from Kalyan station (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)
is there any trains running to go ulhasnagar (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
are train running from Badlapur towards Kalyan?
train coming?? (sent from Kalva)
how are trains towards CST? im stuck at Vikhroli office. (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)
@CST user: What is the status of 5:00 Ambarnath fast (sent from Cst Stn.)
cst to kalyan train chalu hai?? (sent from Masjid)
dombivali train chalu aahe ka??? (sent from Elphinstone Road Stn.)
sure? (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)
from where (sent from Seawood Darave Stn.)
what idea (sent from Seawood Darave Stn.)
what is status for Kurla to Kalyan can any updates me pls
what's indicator on fast track 
is there mega block tomorrow in central line (sent from Kings Circle)
Kalyan to badlapur,karjat,khopoli trains are running late by 45 mins (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
CST to karjat train r running or not???? (sent from Byculla Stn.)
what about dadar to Thane train (sent from Goregaon)
what's the status of Katjat train plz updat (sent from Ambernath)
cst to kalyan train status plz? (sent from Charni Road Stn.)
bhandup to karjat train chalu h.?  (sent from Badlapur)
what is the status of Kalyan - cst lines 
what is the status of Kalyan - cst lines 
towards cst kya status hai? (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)
wat is the status kalyan local is it on time or not
thane to Dombivli? (sent from Thakurli)
what's the status for Kalyan from dadar (sent from Vile Parle Stn.)
kurla to badlapur trains ka kya status hai bhailog? (sent from Chembur Stn.)
Kalyan to CST train chalu aahet?? (sent from Kalva)
karjat cstm train?
Dombivali to Badlapur?  are trains working 
ambernath badlapur train chalu zalya Ka?  (sent from Turbhe)
trains are on time ???
trains on time?? (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)
train are running on time?? (sent from Sion)
Badlapur to kalyan train chalu hai kya?
please rply kurla to kalyan..?? (sent from Mankhurd Stn.)
what about local trains states (sent from Parel)
kalyan CST train's status,is it working?? (sent from Dombivli)
What is the status of slow locals from Kalyan to CSMT?
trains running upto Badlapur? 
Train are running or not
what is status for central local
Till 6 pm train issues will get cleared na?
Central line is working or not??  (sent from Turbhe Stn.)
Dombivali Badlapur? 
what's is train status between thane and kalyan ,?? (sent from Santa Cruz)
Kalyan to to thane train chalu he kya?  (sent from Shahad)
hello..central line is working??
Kal mega block ka time kya hay? (sent from Titwala Stn.)
Dadar to Badalapur train?? (sent from Parel)
Any update for Badlapur trains ??? (sent from Mumbai Central Stn.)
What is status between Thane and Dadar  (sent from Bhandup)
 are train services started from ambernath? (sent from Ambernath)
what about thane to kalyan (sent from Rabale)
train on time or not
caught???? (sent from Bandra)
kasara to csmt chalu hai kya?
where is it now (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
Kalyan to karjat chalu ahet ka??? (sent from Neral)
what is the status of kasara train (sent from Masjid Stn.)
what is the status of train from karjat to kalyan (sent from Thakurli Stn.)
train is on time or not...??  (sent from Matunga Stn.)
what's train status  (sent from Elphinstone Road Stn.)
kalyan ke aage train chalu hai kya?
what is the status about kasara line (sent from Ambernath)
what are status from thane to kalyan train
what abt CST karjat ?
is the trains available from kasara to kalyan? (sent from Ambernath)
towards cst what is the condition (sent from Mulund)
what status is from Dadar to thane?? (sent from Mumbai Central)
what abt Dadar to Badalapur train status? (sent from Parel)
I want to go to cst from Kalyan train are running slow by what time do update
what is the status of trains towards ambernath & badlapur
hi guys plz train chalu ahet ka? mom is at badlapur she wants to reach thane plz help out (sent from Rabale)
Ambernath se cst k liye trains hai?? 
bro kalyan ke aage CST ke liye train chalu hai kya?
trains are running or not? (sent from Thane Stn.)
kalyan to titwala train running??? (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)
trains are running or not??? (sent from Kalyan)
are there trains from Kalyan to karjat? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
slow train from CST to Kalyan chalu ahe ka? (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)
what about train status (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
what about sion csmt? (sent from Sion Stn.)
Thane - Panvel local running or not
what is the status of train from kalyan to dadar plz  (sent from Vithalwadi)
what about sion to csmt? (sent from Sion Stn.)
Cst krjat train running or not
kasara asangaon trains on time ???
what about thane to badlapur
thane 2 kalyan chalu ahe ka?
Are trains on time to cst??(from kalwa station (sent from Kalva Stn.)
kalyan ke aage train chalu hai kya?????
is any train is there from Kalyan to ambernath (sent from Kalyan)
CST ke liye???
kasara asangaon trains on time ???
thane to cst status ?
Let aahet ka? (sent from Thane)
has the central line been closed due to rain? (sent from Sion)
ambernath  train?? (sent from Mulund)
thane se towards kalyan local status ? 
what is the status of Indrayani Pune to Mumbai express
Vidyavihar to Kalyan working? (sent from Vidyavihar Stn.)
4:40 csmt?? (sent from Sion Stn.)
what is the status of train from kurla to badlapur
4:27????? (sent from Vidyavihar Stn.)
ghansoli thane trains r running ? (sent from Koparkhairne)
any update on central line ? (sent from Lower Parel)
what is status of train in badlapur (sent from Badlapur)
train running between Thane to Dadar fast?
thane to ambernath train chalu hai Kya?? (sent from Thane)
is train running to cstm?
kalyan to cst chalu aahet ka???
4.40 CST ? from sion (sent from Sion Stn.)
how u know trains r late don't create havoc
are trains started from till ulhasnagar? (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)
is there any train available from badlapur (sent from Badlapur)
when will badlapur train from CST resume (sent from Cst Stn.)
ghatkopar se downside ki trains time pe hai?? (sent from Dombivli)
what's the current status of central railway (sent from Grant Road)
trains from cst are working?  (sent from Cst Stn.)
what's status between kalyan nd ambernath?  (sent from Dockyard Road Stn.)
 anyone at Kalyan station?
What is the position beyond Kalyan towards Karjat (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)
is there heavy rain warning on mumbai (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)
from Kalyan to kasara side is running?
cst la janari train chalu aahe ka??? (sent from Mumbra)
what is the status in vithalwadi (sent from Cst Stn.)
trains are running from Ulhasnagar to thane? (sent from Shahad)
kuch kaam k nai h train chat m indicator mai
vangani to cst trains?
my friend wants to come at dadar from kalyan  is it safe to come ? (sent from Matunga Road Stn.)
Are trains from CST working? (sent from Cst Stn.)
What happened to trains between Sion and dadar. There r no trains from last 20 mins (sent from Sion Stn.)
 Are trains running towards ambernath ? (sent from Kalyan)
ambernath to cst trains are running ??
where os asangaon train (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
are the trains on central line on time from Kalyan?
dombivli to vikhroli train status.? (sent from Dombivli)
cst to badlapur chalu hai kya? (sent from Cst Stn.)
whwt is the status of Thane vashi train?  (sent from Kalva)
Are trains running from ULHASNAGAR to DADAR  ? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
kalyan to dadar ?? (sent from Matunga Road Stn.)
what's the status at thane station (sent from Kalva)
Thane to titwala train chalu ahe ka?  (sent from Sanpada Stn.)
hie.. what status of train from thane towards Kalyan (sent from Airoli Stn.)
what about the current train status right now because heavy rain in Mumbai (sent from Airoli Stn.)
kasala to thane train suru aahet ka?
what is the status from Bhandup to thane? (sent from Bhandup)
 what is about upside trains (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)
karjat to kalyan locals chalu aahet ka??
are trains running from asangao to CST?? (sent from Vasind)
are trains on time from Kalyan to CST??
what is train status
what is the situation of railways (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)
is the trains gonna stop (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)
trains running or not? (sent from Matunga Road Stn.)
thane to titwala is working?? (sent from Titwala)
are trains running from karjat station?  (sent from Shahad)
Any update about Karjat side?
Trains from Thane To karjat is there??
trains are running or not
trains are running on time Or not? (sent from Thakurli)
what about trains to kasara
is trains are on time or delayed? (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)
asangao to CST trains are they working???? (sent from Vasind)
badlapur varun cst chalu zale ka????
Dombivali to badlapur status????  (sent from Kopar)
trains are working towards Karjat side??
R u fast trains from dadar towards kalyan running?  (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)
11301 this train what Happens
hello ! are trains are running on time ? (sent from Palasdhari)
what is the status of titwala train 5.12 ( sent from mulund) (sent from Mulund Stn.)
thane to badlpaur trains chalu aahet ka?
karjat se locals chalu he kya? (sent from Ambernath Stn.)
central trains are working ?
are trains running on time?
Thane to Ambarnath train chalu ahe ka? (sent from Rabale Stn.)
how position of badlapur train (sent from Nahur)
thane to dadar suru ahe ka??
vikroli see ulhasnagar chal rahi ha Kya? (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)
karjat train status? (sent from Ambernath Stn.)
Trein let kyu hai??
train chalu zale ka,,?? from badlapur (sent from Badlapur Stn.)
for how long? (sent from Thakurli)
for how long? (sent from Thakurli)
hello, how are the trains from CSTM to Thane? are there any delays? (sent from Thane)
where is megablock in central line (sent from Neral Stn.)
dombivali me appam ka stall chalu hai kya??? (sent from Thakurli Stn.)
what about Ghatkopar to Thane? (sent from Goregaon)
how is the situation now 
thane to asangaon sathi trains ahet ka? 
 asangaov let me?
is all good between ambarnath to cst ?? (sent from Ambernath)
trains started from Kalyan to BL?? (sent from Ambernath)
central lines ka train chalu hai kya? (sent from Badlapur)
now from thane to karjat trains running on time or not?
neral to cst trains are on tym?
Thane to ulhasnagar trains chalu h?  (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
what position in c rly local cst to karjat badlapur_kalyan (sent from Badlapur)
is the train on time from cst to thane (sent from Elphinstone Road Stn.)
which train is now from Ghatkopar to kalyan
are train services between mumbai pune on time? (sent from Vile Parle Stn.)
badlapur from cst?
how about the train status i
what's update Kalyan to Badlpur? (sent from Borivali)
kalyan tak trains chalu hai kya? 
kalyan se cstm ki taaf tren chalu hi kya?
vashi to thane trains r running ? (sent from Kharghar)
where is 15 car  (sent from Ghatkopar)
what abt kalva to badlapur (sent from Kalva)
Whats the status of sion station?  (sent from Andheri)
BADLAPUR to Kalyan? (sent from Borivali Stn.)
any update from masjid station ? (sent from Masjid Stn.)
where might b kasara local 
? (sent from Bhandup Stn.)
train from thane to kalyan ??
which is next train from Badlapur  (sent from Badlapur)
how late trains are from kalyan (sent from Dombivli)
What's the train status for Kalyan-Kasara (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)
what is the status from kalyan to cst? (sent from Juinagar)
how much train is late ambivali to cst
is there any karjat going train from kalyan now (sent from Badlapur)
cts to bdl? (sent from Ghatkopar)
what is the status of trains from dadar towards kalyan?
how late trains are in central (sent from Dombivli)
what is train status towards ambarnath (sent from Kurla Stn.)
what status abt Kalyan to ambernaath train (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
Is train is running properly towards Kalyan from Bhandup ?
is train towards neral is there? (sent from Matheran Stn.)
Is train is running properly towards Kalyan from Bhandup ?
kurla to ulhasnagar trains r running or what .? (sent from Kurla)
what is the status of train from dombivli to titwala (sent from Titwala Stn.)
thane to Badlapur train chalu h kya? (sent from Mulund Stn.)
hello friends Kalyan to Badlapur train running any one update pls ???? (sent from Elphinstone Road)
what is the status of badlapur route (sent from Thane Stn.)
what is status between Kalyan - Bhandup (sent from Bhandup)
from karjat to cst trains are running ?
is it working or not?  (sent from Thane Stn.)
is there train from Kalyan to cst (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
thane to cstm status ? (sent from Ghansoli Stn.)
kurla to ulhasnagar .? (sent from Kurla)
what is the status of local  (sent from Thakurli)
what is the status of thane to kalyan (sent from Airoli)
Is Kalyan to karjat line ok.??
20 minutes ho Gaye curry road to CST train Nahi ayi (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)
vidyavihar to kalyan?? (sent from Vidyavihar Stn.)
trains available from kalyan to cst? (sent from Vithalwadi)
trains are running properly na on central lines whether up or down?? please comment 
kalyan to Badlapur train ka status kya hai? (sent from Kalyan)
is kalyan to titwala trains running? 
m at mumbra.. why trns not moving towards kalyan? (sent from Mumbra Stn.)
what is status of kalyan train (sent from Mumbra Stn.)
does local trains of central suburbs are actually running on schedule today?
badlapur to cst status? (sent from Badlapur)
Kalyan se ghansoli train ka Kya status h?? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
m at mumbra.. why trns not moving towards kalyan? (sent from Mumbra Stn.)
what is the status of badlapur - cat train (sent from Badlapur)
what about ambernath to thane 
are trains running on time? (sent from Badlapur)
ambarnath badlapur karjat tarin na kiti gardi aahe...??
what is Central line Train Status (sent from Ghatkopar)
time per hai kya trains...???
what about amnernath to thane.....from (ambernath)
thane to amb status?
what about diva
cst to Kalyan? fast (sent from Cst Stn.)
Kalyan - badlapur train chalu hai kya? (sent from Mankhurd)
Are Trains running up to thane?  (sent from Matunga Road Stn.)
where is 4.59 ambernath  cst locl now (sent from Shahad)
thane to shahad train's are running or not?? (sent from Vashi Stn.)
ambernath to cst ?
what about badlapur to thane (sent from Badlapur Stn.)
dombivli to Thane train status?  (sent from Kopar Stn.)
are they on time? (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)
central line?  (sent from Ambernath)
hi..is train running between CST to dombivali ? (sent from Charni Road)
thane to badlapur?? 
thane to cst train??? (sent from Rabale)
कर्जत CSTM लोकल ट्रेन चालू है जी? 🙏 (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
kasara dombivli is on or what  (sent from Thakurli)
mulund to ambernath ??? (sent from Bhandup Stn.)
ambarnath train chal rha hai??  (sent from Thane)
badlapur to dadar train please current status,,?
what is the problem between mumbra & Diva (sent from Mumbra)
kalyan to kasara line is working ?
what is the status about thane dadar (sent from Koparkhairne)
what about trans harber line it's running ok (sent from Koparkhairne)
what is the current status of central local train
what about karjat line...
hi, pls update the status of mumbai-pune  express...Are they running? (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)
what about Karjat locals
hello frnds. ghar jana haiii.... kya train chalu haiii??? 
what about kurla to Dombivli
will I get trains from Kalyan to Dadar at night ?  (sent from Bandra Stn.)
Dadar se SF Kalyan gayi? (sent from Dadar Stn.)
Badlapur to CST what is status (sent from Badlapur Stn.)
train status on central line??? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
उल्हासनगर से CSTM train चालू है जी? 🙏 (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
what is train status of Kalyan to cst (sent from Shahad)
Dadar se SF Kalyan gayi? (sent from Dadar Stn.)
what about trains at vidyavihar?? (sent from Vidyavihar Stn.)
what is live status of fast locals towards Badlapur from thane/CSMT (sent from Koparkhairne Stn.)
what about thana to Kalyan TR (sent from Juinagar)
ambernath train chalu aahe ka?? (sent from Bhandup Stn.)
what is the train status for khopoli to badlapur (sent from Lowjee)
what is the current status on Badlapur locals is it working?? (sent from Thakurli Stn.)
what is the status of train going from Kalyan to Ambernath (sent from Goregaon)
what is the status of trains running from  titwala to kalyan
what is the status kasara  (sent from Bhandup Stn.)
Thane to dombivali ??
from thane to kalyan trains r working? kindly let me know
thane-kalyan train status plz??
Kalyan to ghatkopar what is the status please (sent from Shahad)
Ghat Kopar to Diva ??????? (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)
what about Badalapur (sent from Badlapur)
Domniwali to CST running alright? (sent from Dombivli)
can u tell me whether cst to dombivilli trains r running or not? (sent from Churchgate)
current status of trains? (sent from Badlapur)
dombivali to cst running alright? (sent from Dombivli)
log Ghar kaise jayega?  (sent from Kasara Stn.)
Thane to kasara chalu aahe ka?????? (sent from Khandeshwar)
where is dadar kalyan 5.38? (sent from Dadar Stn.)
r thane to vashi train properly working?  (sent from Nahur Stn.)
ambarnath train ka status kya hai ? (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)
kalyan to tiwala train running??? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
Badlapur k trains h? 
 Kalyan se thane train???? (sent from Kalyan)
KALYAN TRACK PAR PAANI BHARA KYA??? (sent from Shahad)
Karjat To Byculla jaana hai. chalu hai na train??
kalyan se ambernath train??
central lines are working ? (sent from Bhandup)
what is the train status CST to Thane ?
what us the status of train from thane to kalyan  (sent from Ghansoli)
is the train are delayed
kalyan. ..cst ..  ????
What's the status of trains from karjat to Dombivli 
what is the situation of badlapur (sent from Andheri)
mulund to thane? (sent from Mulund Stn.)
cat Kalyan chalu hain ???? (sent from Masjid Stn.)
Railway ticketing aur monthly pass ke liye Naya app konasa hai? (sent from Mulund)
what is status of vasind and asangaon rlw stn
is the train from car to Kurla fast working  (sent from Cst Stn.)
what's the status of trains from thane to badlapur (sent from Dombivli)
train from badlapur to cst chalu hy kya??
central line chalu hai kya..? (sent from Kurla)
train chalu ahte ka ??? (sent from Sewri)
wht is trains status from thane to kalyan?
is there train for kalyan from titwala (sent from Titwala Stn.)
CST to Ambernath trains working ???
should I come from pune???
what about train from Kalyan to cst
Cst titwala train chalu ahe ka?? (sent from Marine Lines)
what about kalyan kasara  (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
Karjat to Badlapur Train chalu ahe ka???
is there any problem in Central line (sent from Cst Stn.)
what is status from Byculla to CST (sent from Cst Stn.)
bhandup to kalyan ? (sent from Kalyan)
what is status of kasara local
what's the status of train  (sent from Ghansoli)
are trains running towards CST from kalyan? (sent from Kalyan)
how much time take to going kalyan  (sent from Grant Road Stn.)
what about ambernath local (sent from Ambernath)
what is the status of central line (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
train chalu hai na ??? (sent from Kalyan)
kasara train may hai? 
trains are running?
kurla to Kalyan what is the status (sent from Chunabhatti)
train chslu h kya?
is there trains for dombivilli? (sent from Churchgate)
what about thane to kalyan? (sent from Bhandup Stn.)
guys is it convenient to travel from Vikhroli to Badlapur by trn... or shud i Book OLA?? 
what is status of trains from Dombivili to Thane
Kiska muh dekh k utha tha? 
 what is the thane to badlapur train status
how are train between Dadar to Thane
what about kasara to dombivli? 
are central train how many hours late (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)
 ghatkopar to Badlapur??
are trains from Matunga to thane working???  (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)
aisa kya kiya??
what about dadar to thane (sent from Khar Road Stn.)
Kiska muh dekha? 
where is 5.32 kasara train now (sent from Shahad Stn.)
are trains from badlapur to Thane running on time? 
is central line working???? (sent from Vadala Road Stn.)
what about asangaon train plz tell me (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
this is not time pass chat (sent from Chunabhatti)
train chalu  aahet ka badlapur Varun towards CST ?
do u knw me??? buddy
are Dombivli-Ghatkopar running properly? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
@ bhandup is 6:04 kalyan from bhandup is late? (sent from Bhandup Stn.)
ambernath to cst train time par he??
train is running Kalyan up ??
Byculla se train kithna min late hai ? (sent from Ambernath)
there is train from Karjat to Pune?
Pls don't do time pass on this train chat (sent from Chunabhatti)
anyone aware of 6:02 kasara train from kalyan? (sent from Thakurli)
kitna der late chal raha hai train?  (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)
Bdlapur ka h kya train thane se?  (sent from Thane Stn.)
 dadar se badlapur train hai kya? plz update (sent from Badlapur)
kaun kar raha hai time pass? 
is khopoli train left from csmt????  (sent from Elphinstone Road Stn.)
train are running on time or not
is it possible to travel from Dombivali to Thane?
dadar to Dombivali available train? (sent from Elphinstone Road Stn.)
can I go tu Neral .. ?? is there any trains today ?? (sent from Kalva)
 train on time or not
are trains working ?
thane to cst  chalu hai kya? (sent from Airoli)
train status?
I want to go Kurla from shahad so plzzz tell me trains are running late or running on time?
  R train working properlt from thane to Cst??
ambernath se train chai hue Kya? (sent from Ambernath)
what's the issue (sent from Kopar Stn.)
trains between Thane & Mumbra are on time ..if late by how many mins??
is there any train delay in central line (sent from Sion Stn.)
what about harber line (sent from Ambivli Stn.)
what is the problem mumbra to kasarat train why is stop {from mumbra train} (sent from Mumbra Stn.)
can anybody tell me where is Asangaon train which is on 6.09 @ Vikroli (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)
Is train working from Ghatkopar to badlapur??? (sent from Vikhroli)
from Kasara train chalu ahet ka ??
where is badlapur CST fast
CST to karjat train chalu hai kya????
 train from parel running or not?? (sent from Elphinstone Road)
thane  to panvel is today??? (sent from Koparkhairne Stn.)
train Kitna time late chal rhi hai?
where is  badlapur CST fast
kalyan to thane working??? (sent from Kalyan)
dombivali to dadar? (sent from Dombivli)
Kalyan to Dadar trains are running?
what is trn status (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)
what's exact status of trains ? I want to go to Thane in some time from Sion .. please let me know  (sent from Kings Circle Stn.)
what about Kurla to Badlapur.? (sent from Vidyavihar Stn.)
badlapur train chalu hai kya? 
is there any problem at dadar (sent from Dadar Stn.)
Thane to dadar train is running??
where  is  badlapur  CST Fast (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)
what  is the status of trains from karjat to badlapur (sent from Badlapur Stn.)
I heard there are no trains at cst? is it true?  (sent from Mulund)
what's the status of trains between kalyan-Thane (sent from Mumbra Stn.)
What about slow for Mumbra  (sent from Kurla Stn.)
kurla to Badlapur line chalu hei kya? (sent from Badlapur)
where  is badlapur CST fast (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)
kya lete? (sent from Khardi)
What is the status of BL to CST??? 
where  is badlapur CST fast (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)
what is the status from thane to kalyan (sent from Koparkhairne)
Thane to mumbra chalu hai? (sent from Koparkhairne)
ccentral line train is running or not??? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
  badlapur  to cst train chalu hai?
Thane to karjat train chalu hai kya??
train is on time? towords kalyan
is there any issue between mumbra to kalyan? (sent from Mumbra Stn.)
what happened  (sent from Ghatkopar)
Ghatkopar to kalyan ? any updates (sent from Ghatkopar)
are trains running from badlapur to cstm? (sent from Badlapur Stn.)
why train late  (sent from Ghatkopar)
thane to Kalyan? train running?? 
anyone at kalyan station?  (sent from Mumbra Stn.)
where  is badlapur  to CST fast (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)
r8 time per hai ya late hai ?? (sent from Badlapur)
is there train form thane to badlapur (sent from Badlapur)
Thane to mumbra chalu hai?  (sent from Koparkhairne)
please let me know what is the status of Badlapur-CST-Badlapur Route? (sent from Badlapur)
trains status for karjat to mumbai?
has central railway announced for trains running late?  (sent from Mumbra Stn.)
where is the CST Thane train which is supposed to reach Parel at 6:03? (sent from Elphinstone Road Stn.)
kalyan - karjat train chalu he kya? (sent from Kalva Stn.)
kalyan - karjat train chalu he kya?
what is the status for badlapur train (sent from Nahur)
kalyan to badlapur trains r runing or not??? (sent from Mumbra Stn.)
kalyan to badlapur trains r runing or not??? (sent from Mumbra Stn.)
where is the CST Thane train which is supposed to reach Parel at 6:03? (sent from Elphinstone Road Stn.)
Badlapur see kitne time me niklegi train??? @Minal Chavan
has central railway announced for trains running late?  (sent from Mumbra Stn.)
dadar to dombiivili?  (sent from Santa Cruz)
Kalyan to Dadar trains are running?
status of train timings? (sent from Badlapur)
dadar to dombiivili?  (sent from Santa Cruz)
Badlapur see kitne time me niklegi train??? @Minal Chavan
what is the status for badlapur train from mumbai (sent from Nahur)
where is the CST Thane train which is supposed to reach Parel at 6:03? (sent from Elphinstone Road Stn.)
has central railway announced for trains running late?  (sent from Mumbra Stn.)
any updates on karjat to thane trains?
what is the status for badlapur train from mumbai (sent from Nahur)
dadar to dombiivili?  (sent from Santa Cruz)
Badlapur see kitne time me niklegi train??? @Minal Chavan (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)
where is the CST Thane train which is supposed to reach Parel at 6:03? (sent from Elphinstone Road Stn.)
trains are on time?
where is the CST Thane train which is supposed to reach Parel at 6:03? (sent from Elphinstone Road Stn.)
 kalyan to thane train ? (sent from Kalyan)
when it can resume train for karjat?? from thane station
trains are on time?
 kalyan to thane train ? (sent from Kalyan)
any updates on karjat to thane trains?
when it can resume train for karjat?? from thane station (sent from Airoli)
 kalyan to thane train ? (sent from Kalyan)
train between mumbai cst and ambernath running???
mumbai to karjat fast train? 
where ia 6.18 train  (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
why are train late from kurla to kalyan (sent from Kurla Stn.)
dadar to dombiivili?  (sent from Santa Cruz)
status of train timings? (sent from Badlapur)
Kal Amber nath trin chalu hai kya? (sent from Ambernath)
status of train timings? (sent from Badlapur)
gelchodo? 
are trains on time?
6.18 ki train aayi ? (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
khoop local ?? (sent from Khopoli)
train is running on time..?? (sent from Dockyard Road Stn.)
cst to karjat status? 
tomorrow is meghablock?? (sent from Sion Stn.)
trains are running for badlapur?? (sent from Koparkhairne)
cst to karjat status? 
why is the status of badlapur train from dadar??? (sent from Nahur)
are trains from Ulhasnagar to thane on time?
what about 6.21 towards karjat (sent from Cst Stn.)
kalyan - karjat train chalu he kya? (sent from Kalva Stn.)
Ambernath se cst trains chalu hai kya?
central line trains are running? (sent from Thakurli)
is there trains running towards Badlapur? (sent from Sandhurst Road)
why  (sent from Panvel)
?
 what happened karjat
status for Kalyan to CST trains ?
what about kalyan train running (sent from Sewri)
what's status at kalyan (sent from Rabale)
asangav se csmt chalu hai kya?
how t  (sent from Nerul Stn.)
karjat trains chalu hai???????¿????¿???¿
karjat train is working or not
is there any megablock on CR on 8th july.
is central line trains on time or not? (sent from Badlapur Stn.)
is karjat train in operation?
what the sichuetion tomorrow
karjat ka scene kya hai? 
ghatkopar to thane?  (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
what abt thane to mumbra (sent from Rabale Stn.)
What's about thane-Karjat train (sent from Kopar Stn.)
thane train crossed byculaa??  (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)
what's is the status of ambernath n badlapur train..? 
where is asangaon train (6:17 pm Mulund) (sent from Mulund Stn.)
what the problem on central line after Thane?  (sent from Mumbra Stn.)
Kalyan see train karjat side jare Kya? (sent from Kopar Stn.)
what about C.R.Megablock ? (sent from Dombivli)
what is train status from cst to thane (sent from Kurla Stn.)
where r u? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
train chalu ahet ka? (sent from Kalva)
is there any train towards cost from badlpur  (sent from Badlapur)
whats the status of kalyan to khopoli trains?
Gulab. Train chalu aahet ka ? (sent from Dockyard Road Stn.)
Kalyan to cst train status?  (sent from Vithalwadi)
what Divatatus at diva (sent from Kalamboli Stn.)
what about train status from cst to thane (sent from Kurla Stn.)
what status of thane karjat train (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
is Badlapur -Cstm train running on Time??? (sent from Badlapur)
where is kalyan train? (sent from Kurla Stn.)
Kay problem hai train ka koi Bata sakta Hai? (sent from Kopar)
what is the status  of mumbra station (sent from Mumbra Stn.)
Kalyan to Badlapur what is status (sent from Dativali Stn.)
is diva vasai train running on time??
kalyan to badlapur what is status (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
CSTM To Ambernath Train chalu aahe ka..?
fast train thane se kalyan chal rhi he kya?  (sent from Mulund Stn.)
Kalyan To Thane what is status 
Where is asangaon train
what is current train status Ambivali to csmt (sent from Ambivli)
what is status of diva  ss (sent from Kalamboli)
where titwala 6.10 from (sent from Thane Stn.)
5.44 dombivali from byculla no idea where it is no announcement (sent from Byculla Stn.)
is shahad to CST trains are running on time? (sent from Shahad)
what is the status of trains from badlapur to cstm? 
where aasngaon train  (sent from Mulund Stn.)
Asangaon 6:17 ? (sent from Mulund Stn.)
train chalu hai kya?? (sent from Govandi Stn.)
trains are running from badlapur towards cst? (sent from Badlapur)
thanks, it is Right time or not
anything problem in koper?? (sent from Dativali)
anything problem in koper?? (sent from Dativali)
Is tommorow mega block in central line if there what is the timing (sent from Diva Jn)
why (sent from Thane Stn.)
what is status of CSMT - Kalyan train? (sent from Vidyavihar Stn.)
Kalyan to Badlapur what is status (sent from Dativali)
any issues in trains from CST to Thane?
where is 5.54 kalyan train now frm.ghatkopar (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
Are fast trains running?  (sent from Andheri)
Thane to Ambernath trains chalu hai? 
friends central trains are on time ???
so from the updates it seems thane karjat trains are running , right?
down trains are working or not 
so from the updates it seems thane karjat trains are running , right?
What the hell ... Train late more than 1 hr (sent from Titwala Stn.)
what is status at diva station (sent from Navade Road Stn.)
where is 6.10pm titwala fast local (sent from Thane Stn.)
cstm to karjat local chalu aahe ka ?  (sent from Dadar Stn.)
Karjat trains? (sent from Shelu)
asangaon to cst chalu hai kya?  (sent from Asangaon)
what is status of cst slow trains???
trains are running on time from shahad to CST?  plzzz reply (sent from Shahad)
kasara se cst train chalu hai kya ?? pls update (sent from Nahur)
Titwala to CST Trains chalu hai kya ?
train to cst from Thane... status ?? (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)
Train updates....  ? (sent from Marine Lines)
what  status  about  Kalyan  to  cst  (sent from Kalyan)
what about the cst to karjat
are central are on time ? (sent from Vithalwadi Stn.)
 what is train status , kalyan to cst ?
all trains are right time from CSMT. but don't know what will happened ahead. Ganpati Bappa Morya (sent from Sandhurst Road Stn.)
is there any problem with trains due to rain (sent from Vidyavihar)
where is 6.10pm fast local for titwala (sent from Thane Stn.)
Is  center lines working ? (sent from Churchgate)
trains for diva working ??????
is train late? (sent from Kalyan)
what abt karjat train(6.43) from kurla ?? ... where is it heading ??  (sent from Kurla Stn.)
kasara train chalu ahe ka thane to kasara?  (sent from Thane Stn.)
kopar to Vasai train working ?????
Asngaon kasara trains are available?  (sent from Thane)
kalyan ke aage(badlapur) train chalu hua...? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
what abt karjat train(6.43) from kurla ?? ... where is it heading ??  (sent from Kurla Stn.)
Bhai koi Bata sakta Hai train Kya late hai ?? (sent from Kopar)
why trains r delayed (sent from Kurla Stn.)
Karjat train kuthe ahe ata? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
what's the situation between ambernath and dombivli? 
what is status of 7: 13 pm kalyan from dadar???  (sent from Dadar Stn.)
where is thane train ? (sent from Kurla Stn.)
what Time a Titwala Trian (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
What is condition on kalyan station? Is Kasara route okay?? (sent from Kalva)
what is the position of trains right now (sent from Kalyan)
ambarnath train time pe chal taha hai kya ? (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)
for cst trains r runing?? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
train is running frm titwala???? (sent from Kurla)
cst to kasara train is on time?  (sent from Sion Stn.)
what about 6:57pm karjat??  (sent from Masjid Stn.)
Down line is running properly..??? (sent from Badlapur Stn.)
kalyan to Badlapur locals running? (sent from Vidyavihar Stn.)
kalyan to thane railway root working?
ठाणे ते बदलापूर ट्रेन काय परिस्थिती आहे..?? (sent from Koparkhairne)
what is the status beyond mumbra (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)
Kalyan se aage status kya hai for kasara route?? (sent from Mumbra Stn.)
what is the status of train (sent from Thane Stn.)
Kalyan ke aage ja rhi h train ya nhi ?? please update (sent from Diva Jn)
kalyan to Badlapur locals running? (Sent from Kurla stn) (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
titwala see CST train chalu Hain kya? (sent from Shahad Stn.)
is starter 6:48 badlapur train arrived at thane?
what is train status in central lines
what About badlapur (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
kalyan to karjat train chalu hai kya?? (sent from Ambivli)
what is the status of central line 
kalyan nitr train chalu aahete Ka? (sent from Kasara Stn.)
wht abt status ulhasnagar to cst fast trains?  (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
titwala te kalyan train ahet ka..?
6.51 badlapur from Thane??  (sent from Thane Stn.)
6.51 Thane Badlapur???  (sent from Thane Stn.)
moving normal or slow? (sent from Dativali)
sion la pani ahe kaa??
what is status of local train status thane to kalyan (sent from Mumbra)
status of kalyan to titwala train? (sent from Titwala Stn.)
Up trains from titwala working or not..?
status on Badlapur ? (sent from Dombivli)
where is karjat train (sent from Ambernath Stn.)
hey is  6.06 train arrived at badlapur sent  from karjat ?
karjat thane Kya status Hein? (sent from Thane)
which train arrived in ghatkoper (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
anyone aware about6:51 from thane?? (sent from Thane Stn.)
cst thane local ??? (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)
Badlapur to CST trains working ?
please update what is the status of train from Kalyan to Badlapur
any train towards CST?
cst thane slow local ???? (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)
what is condition  about tomorrows railway rout on pune to kalyan &kalyan to bhusawal
Kalyan ke aage ja rhi h train ya nhi ?? please update (sent from Dativali)
Kasara line is ok ?
trains are thane to ambernath running? (sent from Belapur Cbd Stn.)
dadar ro thana kahi prob nahi naa?
dadar to karjat trains are workking? (sent from Vile Parle)
karjat trn 6.42 left? (sent from Karjat Stn.)
dadar karjat train aahet ka? (sent from Santa Cruz Stn.)
what about slow trains at dadar (sent from Dadar Stn.)
thane to kasara train start hai ?
towords karjat? (sent from Santa Cruz Stn.)
badlapur train is regular time or not
what about ladies special train (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
dadar platform pe koi hai? please update  dadar to karjat status? (sent from Santa Cruz Stn.)
where is ladies spl train?
kalyan to kurla??? what's the status? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
trains are on time from shahad??? (sent from Vasind Stn.)
what about from badlapur (sent from Badlapur)
update about karjat train? (sent from Khar Road Stn.)
ट्रेन वेळेवर आहेत का..?? (sent from Khar Road Stn.)
what about badlapur trains
where has ladies special reached (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
okay thankyou but there are trains right? thanks (sent from Bandra)
what's is the status CST to kasara (sent from Cst Stn.)
kalyan te karjat train velevar chalu aahet ka? (sent from Byculla Stn.)
train for badlapur fast track?
what is status of kalyan to kasara route??? (sent from Asangaon Stn.)
titwala chalu hai Kya???? (sent from Seawood Darave)
Thane to Ambernath chalu hai???
what is reason to delay train from thane to karjat slwo (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
Thane to cst trains are running on time????
dombivli to ulhasnagar trains chal rahi hain kya?  (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)
what is trains status (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)
what's position in Kalyan  (sent from Kopar)
Ambernath, Badlapur trains are running or not?
Karjat cst are running..?
wawoooo handicap mai?? (sent from Diva Jn)
kalyan se badlapur train chal raha he keys? (sent from Chinchpokli Stn.)
central trains working fine? (sent from Dockyard Road Stn.)
is 7:02 Thane local cancelled or what?  (sent from Cst Stn.)
central railway status kay aahe?? (sent from Nerul)
it's is on time?? (sent from Nerul)
what is the status of trains from Ulhasnagar to cst? (sent from Shahad)
any update down side trains??
hello Trains from ghatkopar?
any update down side trains?? (sent from Kalva)
How much time did it took?  (sent from Chunabhatti)
what about badlapur ????
trains are on ?
is there train late (sent from Dadar Stn.)
thane to kalyan train chalu hai kya ?? (sent from Vashi)
guys badlapur cst train status???? (sent from Thane)
cst karjat fast train left from cst? (sent from Dadar Stn.)
what is the status on csmt to Titwala  (sent from Cst Stn.)
should I Leave fr Thane ?? (sent from Kalyan)
dombivli to badlapur working?? (sent from Mulund Stn.)
status at Thane station??? (sent from Thane)
Kasara local to csmt is working? or any trains from Kasara to Thane??
what is status of 7:18 Asangaon from thane (sent from Thane Stn.)
is there any trains from ghatkopar to Kalyan
badlapur cst update guys? (sent from Thane)
any train of badlapur nearby kalyan??
trains chalu hai kya from Dadar to Kasara ?? (sent from Kandivali)
what is status of Kalyan to cst
what is the train status (sent from Cst Stn.)
any update on karjat train? (sent from Badlapur Stn.)
Thane trains from ghatkopar available?
what is status from kalyan to cst (sent from Vithalwadi)
Thane trains from ghatkopar available?
Thane trains from ghatkopar available?
Thane trains from ghatkopar available?
is train running from Badlapur towards Thane? (sent from Thane)
what is status from kalyan to cst (sent from Vithalwadi)
is train running from Badlapur towards Thane? (sent from Thane)
mulund se koi train h down side?? (sent from Mumbra Stn.)
slow train are not running? (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)
kalyan k aage train chal rahi h kya ??
hi any update...I heard Ulhasnagar pool near station is filled with water and block the way?? (sent from Dadar Stn.)
are trains running on time from dombivali to catch? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
Are trains running between Dombivli to Karjat/ Kasara???
are trains running between Thane & Dadar ?
ghatkoper to kalyan train chalu hai???
what is condition of central railway 
is there thane to dadar train is running now or not??  (sent from Thane)
is there a mega block in central line (sent from Shahad)
is there thane to dadar train is running now or not??  (sent from Thane)
Thane karjat train 5.48 chi kuth paryanta ali ahe?? (sent from Ambernath Stn.)
who said? (sent from Kings Circle Stn.)
are trains working after kalyan??  (sent from Jogeshwari)
thane se ambernath train chalu hai kya? (sent from Belapur Cbd Stn.)
thane varn train ahe ka dadar la jayla??  (sent from Thane)
what is Thane kalyan travel status (sent from Thane Stn.)
are trains running properly between thane to badlapur?
train kalyan k aage ja rahi he ki nhi??? (sent from Santa Cruz)
what is the status of trains from Ghatkopar to Kalyan 
what is the status of trains from Ghatkopar to Kalyan 
what about dombivli to kanjur marga 
are trains running properly between thane to badlapur?
train kalyan k aage ja rahi he ki nhi??? (sent from Santa Cruz Stn.)
are trains working from kalyan to khopoli?  (sent from Jogeshwari)
 what is the status of trains from Ghatkopar to Kalyan  (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
are trains working from kalyan to khopoli?  (sent from Jogeshwari)
what happened in kalyan
is there any train problem from thane to kalyan (sent from Mulund)
are trains plying to Karjat??
kalyan to badlapur train chalu ahe ka?
kalyan to ambernath train chalu ahet ka?? 
are trains working Kalyan to cst? (sent from Charni Road Stn.)
thane to Kalyan? (sent from Thane)
Kalyan to Kasara trains chalu hai kya? (sent from Kandivali)
is train working from titwala towards cst?
kalyan to badlapur train chalu hai ? (sent from Cotton Green Stn.)
please any one tell me status about kasara to kalyan?
is trains are running from karjat to cst..?
how about trains from ambernath to CST ?? (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)
what abt kasara train how much late  (sent from Andheri Stn.)
where is Kasara train from Kalyan? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
where is karjat train? (sent from Karjat Stn.)
what about kurlato kapyan? (sent from Kurla Stn.)
Ghatkopar to badlapur train properly he Kya????  (sent from Ghatkopar)
what abt Kalyan to mumbra (sent from Vithalwadi)
are trains running from Kalyan to badlapur?? (sent from Dombivli)
???? (sent from Thakurli)
ठाणे ते सीएसटी लेट आहे का??? कळवा ला आली का स्लो ट्रेन??? (sent from Thane Stn.)
what about cstm to ambernath  (sent from Nahur)
are train running from thane to Dombivli in time ?
what about Kalyan to Ghatkopar (sent from Mankhurd)
what is the status of ghatkopr to kalyan
where is Panvel - Dahanu local?? from koper (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
dadar ambernath from dadar 7:40pm? (sent from Nahur)
Dahanu local ??? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
central train working???
karjat train are running in time a what (sent from Sewri Stn.)
had u not read all chats? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
ambernath to cst working? (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)
ghatkopar to kalyan train are working or not...?? (sent from Andheri)
...?? (sent from Thane Stn.)
trains from bhandup to dombivli running on time ? (sent from Thakurli)
titwala fast local? (send from ghatkopar) (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
koper to Dahanu local?? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
where did karjat train reach?  (sent from Karjat Stn.)
7.46 karjat status.?  (sent from Churchgate Stn.)
thane to sion train working????
7.40 ambernath from dadar train status??  (sent from Dadar Stn.)
hey thane to kalyan trains running on time or not ? (sent from Vashi)
  where is karjat train  (sent from Karjat Stn.)
any train from ambernath to cstm? (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)
thane to badlapur train available hy kya???
Dahanu train?? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
are trains are working between Kalyan to Badlapur?
KHOPOLI train where ??? (sent from Karjat Stn.)
why the trains have stopped does any one know please inform (sent from Badlapur)
trains running or not? between CST to Karjat?
Anyone who is in the train ar Thane station, heading towards CST
what is the problem (sent from Badlapur)
what is current situations of train (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)
asangaon side trains are running on time?  (sent from Andheri Stn.)
what is train status (sent from Kalva)
what is the problem between kalyan and thakurli (sent from Badlapur)
hello ppl what abt karjat kalyan locals (sent from Karjat Stn.)
kalyan to karjat train chalu aahe ka? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
 train started from Karjat to Badlapur?
is there anh megablock tomorrow??? on centr line
kalyan train is working??? (sent from Vidyavihar)
megablock hai kya tomorrow? (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)
thane kalyan slow line working ???
chalu hai?
Is Kalyan to CST running fine? (sent from Malad)
Karjat to kalyan train running?
why there is no any slow local from diva to Thane from last hour? (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)
is ambernath to kalyan trains running?
Thane to dombivali Kiti time lagtoy ? or better get down at kopar n go by auto to dombivali  (sent from Mankhurd Stn.)
is it true?? (sent from Dadar Stn.)
Kalyan  to badlapur train position ?????
is there train issue on down fast line (sent from Dadar Stn.)
why fast train always given preference
Ambernath to Thane train working?  (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
is there any problems today on central line...specifically after thane? (sent from Sanpada Stn.)
karjat to kalyan train running or not?
Kalyan to ambernath train? (sent from Vithalwadi)
where is karjat train 7.45  (sent from Karjat Stn.)
Ghatkopar to Kalyan trains???? (sent from Goregaon)
karjat to  Kalyan  local suru ahet ka???? (sent from Badlapur)
are trains running from karjat?
ritesh u r talking abt karjat?
ritesh u r talking abt karjat?
karjat to Kalyan local suru ahet ka????? (sent from Badlapur)
referring from Kalyan to Badlapur ??
trains ?? (sent from Vidyavihar Stn.)
where is kasara local?
are locals on time now? (sent from Badlapur Stn.)
is there any issue with train  (sent from Kopar Stn.)
Have trains started to ambernath side?  (sent from Malad)
cst trains nhin aa rhi guys kyu ? (sent from Kalva Stn.)
trains from kalyan to ambernath is working? (sent from Mulund Stn.)
is any train presently for badlapur from kalyan
what is the problem, train is not moving since 15 minutes from kopar. (sent from Kopar Stn.)
what is the status from dombivali (sent from Dombivli)
r trains in time? (sent from Ambivli)
what is the status of badlapur line (sent from Elphinstone Road Stn.)
where is kasara local? (sent from Kasara Stn.)
any reason? (sent from Kopar Stn.)
CST la jayla gaadi velevar ahet ka kalyan varun ? (sent from Vithalwadi)
train late aaheyt. waiting at vidyavihar stn. want to go dadar. any update why locals are running late?  (sent from Vidyavihar Stn.)
ho sagar. pan ajun he late aaheyt ka?  (sent from Vidyavihar Stn.)
Sagar Ambivli la jast pani bharlay ka? (sent from Andheri Stn.)
Karjat to badlapur bslow local suru ahet ka??? (sent from Badlapur)
slow train from thane to kalyan status pls?? (sent from Kalva)
status from cst to kalyan ? (sent from Masjid)
are trains running properly between dadar and kalyan? (sent from Neral Stn.)
are there any trains from Kalyan to cst? (sent from Sandhurst Road Stn.)
where is 7.40 Dadar Ambernath  (sent from Bhandup Stn.)
central line kalyan to ambernath train chalu hai kya?
what is the status of Klyn to Kasara  (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
shahad to csmt  train running? (sent from Shahad Stn.)
where is karjat trn? (sent from Karjat Stn.)
?????
why ambernath train halt at kalyan since 15 min .is there is any problem at vithalwadi
what about shahad to cstm
karjat train?  (sent from Thane Stn.)
why are trains late today in central line (sent from Byculla Stn.)
what's is the status of train from Ghatkopar To Kalyan (sent from Mumbra Stn.)
is train running on time? (sent from Ambivli)
fast trains are running from byculla or not?  kindly tell (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)
what's the problem, somebody know? pl.tell us (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)
what's the train status from Thane to kalyan 
where is train from Thane the 8:27 titwala train (sent from Thane Stn.)
what is the status of local train from badlapur to csmt (sent from Badlapur)
are trains running between dombivali n ambernath??  (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
Karjat se Kalyan train ka kya status hai??? 
kasara to cst is train started or not
8.03 Karjat from Dadar where is now
kasara te cst trains chalu aahe ka ?
what is status of trains at badlapur station central line
what is thr status for karjat local
Now 7.45pm karjat to cstm started  (sent from Karjat)
thane se train regular hai ki late hai? (sent from Thane)
train on time? (sent from Vithalwadi)
are trains running towards cst from kalyan? (sent from Shahad Stn.)
what about up train from Ambarnath to dadar (sent from Kalyan)
why trains are late @ CST?? (sent from Cst Stn.)
asangaon train left from ghatkopar?  (sent from Andheri Stn.)
why trains are late
is it crowded on ghatkopar station???  (sent from Andheri Stn.)
what is status? (sent from Nerul Stn.)
trains are working kalyan to CTS ?
Sandhurst road to Dadar trains are working or not.? (sent from Sandhurst Road Stn.)
kasara 8.50 any update ?? (sent from Sandhurst Road Stn.)
diva to dombivli train is very slow...any issue diva onwards? (sent from Dativali)
what status between dadar to kalyan (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
karjat 8:30 train at Thane? any idea (sent from Thane Stn.)
kalyan to kasara train chalu aahet ka?
what is a status of trains (sent from Elphinstone Road)
thane to dombivli route clear hogaya? (sent from Thane Stn.)
what is status of central Train (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)
Karjat train status? (sent from Dombivli)
what is a status of trains (sent from Elphinstone Road)
hi thana to kalyan train running?? (sent from Vithalwadi Stn.)
no trains at dadar what's the problem (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)
no trains at dadar what's the proble (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)
what the problem at Dadar station  (sent from Dadar Stn.)
Why trains are so late? (sent from Elphinstone Road Stn.)
any delay between dadar kasara train?  (sent from Malad)
Kurla to csmt status kya hai ??? (sent from Chembur Stn.)
what is the status is cst train  (sent from Badlapur Stn.)
Kurla to Csmt status kya hai??? (sent from Chembur Stn.)
why cental line is not working? (sent from Dadar Stn.)
 how the train late (sent from Dadar Stn.)
towards titwala???? (sent from Thane Stn.)
trains kitne late hain ?
neral position? (sent from Badlapur)
are the train working for central line today ? (sent from Kanjur Marg)
why there is delay on central line from Kurla to Thane. (sent from Kurla Stn.)
 how the train late (sent from Dadar Stn.)
where is thane karjat train 8.39 (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
thane me abi train chalu he? (sent from Thane Stn.)
what is central line position (sent from Kurla Stn.)
kab nikali ?? exact tym ?? (sent from Andheri Stn.)
what happened on slow line of kalyan (sent from Kurla Stn.)
where is 8.55 pm Assangoan local from Titwala...any idea?? (sent from Titwala Stn.)
is any thane train comin ghatkopar??
How late trains are running today? (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
badlapur to csmt trains are on time? (sent from Badlapur)
where is karjat train (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
what about thane to ambernath trains
kab thak he? (sent from Thane Stn.)
that's why trains are late (sent from Badlapur Stn.)
Kalyan Thane locals chal rae hai kya?
Kalyan Thane locals chal rae hai kya? Kal subeh tak locals will be on time or not
what about karjat train (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
any updates of 9:26 karjat fast train from CSMT (sent from Cst Stn.)
he pranav trains on time for cstm? (sent from Badlapur)
train r available or not from mulund to kalyan ?? (sent from Mulund)
central railway status?
what's the status of karjat  (sent from Khar Road Stn.)
what is the status of train in central line (sent from Vithalwadi)
Central line trains are working fine or running late? (sent from Virar)
is there a mega block tomorrow on Central line (sent from Dadar Stn.)
what is the status of kasara bound trains...heard some trains got cancelled
how many minutes late?  (sent from Vikhroli)
can any one tell me Kasara to kalyan is working or not? (sent from Kalyan)
how is the down line working?
central trains on time? 
karjat train ahe la? (sent from Badlapur Stn.)
ka? (sent from Badlapur Stn.)
What is the status about Thane train.? (sent from Vidyavihar Stn.)
udhya centre line chalu ahe ka?
9.32 cst - kasara left from cst?
morning la badlapur to dadar train ahy ka ? time ? (sent from Ghansoli)
are karjat ahe ka? (sent from Badlapur Stn.)
thane to kalyan montly price kay hai ?
Asangaon train kalyan kab tak aayegi?  (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
slow for thane? (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
is there any mega block tomorrow between kasara to dadar morning 5 to 10 am (sent from Lower Parel)
n what is the status of kasara train (sent from Shahad Stn.)
Asangaon train?  (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
what is status of local train from Kalyan to kasara (sent from Thakurli)
khopoli slow train hai kya? (sent from Thakurli)
TL train ahe ka Ata?  dombivlila  (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
kalwa sathi konti train ahe ka? dadar te  (sent from Vile Parle)
Where is asangaon (9.17 kalyan) local? 
abhi titwala Jane ke liye Koi train he..  kya?  I'm now at Kalyan..  (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
can anyone update what is the issue between thakurli to kalyan stsn karjat train stand on thakurli stsn since last 30min (sent from Thakurli Stn.)
where did u reached sumit (sent from Shahad Stn.)
slow for thane??? (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
u r in which train?
where is 9.49 kalyan  (sent from Byculla Stn.)
what is the train status (sent from Chunabhatti)
he Koi titwala ya fir asangaow train me he kya... ?  jo update DE.. ke wo kaha tak pohuche (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
up trains working on central? any train at Thane or previous station? (sent from Mulund Stn.)
kalyan to CST line is working or not ??
train status from Thane to CST? Are on tym?
what is d status of kalyn to asagaon trains?? r dey running??
what about train status aasangaon to kalyan
is there any train for dadar  (sent from Dadar Stn.)
what time will reach kalyan (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
where is karjat train?
kaha h Asangaon? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
where is karjat train  (sent from Vangani Stn.)
where is karjat train  (sent from Vangani Stn.)
Asangaon train?  (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
where is karjat train? 
sumit? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
Asangaon train?  (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
any one in Asangaon? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
Titwala train chalu h ki nahi?  (sent from Lower Parel)
thane to cst train is running or not?
@yathish what is the status pls  (sent from Shahad)
badlapur train working or not
cst slow train are running damn slow don't know what to do.  (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
what about megablock tomorrow? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
what about Titwala train? (sent from Lower Parel)
Kalyan to karjat train chalu hai kya??
Is there any train for titwala from kalyan (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
udya pune to mumbai sinhgad exp chalu ahe na ki cncl zali ? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
plz update 8:03thne krjt kaha hai?? (sent from Karjat Stn.)
? (sent from Vidyavihar Stn.)
from 15 min waiting for cst train and still not arrived. when local train will be on time. very much irritated by the services  (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
how to rain in central line
any cst train approaching vidyavihar??? seems there is no train (sent from Vidyavihar Stn.)
How late are the trains  (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
how to go 
how to reach Thane from Borivali?  (sent from Dahisar)
what is the status of trains from ghatkopar to kalyan
does anyone know why have they halted all trains between thakurli n kyn?  (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
Mumbai pune train is working??  (sent from Kalva)
train status of kalyan to cst?  (sent from Mumbra)
r trains on time towards Kalyan? (sent from Nahur Stn.)
is there any kind of water logging in csmt ? (sent from Koparkhairne)
at thane station,waiting for  kasara train at pf2. is the train crowded? (sent from Thane Stn.)
Mumbai pune train chalu aahet ka?  (sent from Kalva)
Is there megablock for central lines
titwala to asangaon train chalu hai kay? (sent from Asangaon)
tomorrow mega blocks how many timr (sent from Chinchpokli Stn.)
what about sunday to express are runing on time (sent from Badlapur)
what about Badlapur  (sent from Badlapur)
what about train (sent from Jogeshwari)
what about cst slow train from kalyan
ttl 10:25? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
is the status of train
why is train stopped in between kalyan and thakurli ?? (sent from Thakurli)
there is megabloac tomarrow?  (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
train will late why (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
down slow chalu ahet ka?
vangani to karjat 10.55 karjat trian kuthe pariynt ahe  (sent from Vangani Stn.)
train issues frm kasara? (sent from Shahad)
is there any mega block for central line (sent from Ghansoli)
trains running on time? for dadar from Kurla kya
kasa mein barish chalu hai?? 
tomorrrow 8.06am khopoli fast train will come or it is cancelled ? (sent from Mulund)
what status kalyan to cst?  (sent from Mumbra)
are Kalyan trains working?
train is running from cst to dadar?
what happened at dombivali Station Plat form number 1 why so much crowd there anyone knows  (sent from Dombivli)
khopoli fast will come on tomorrow sunday 8.06 am or not? (sent from Mulund)
are trains between Pune & Mumbai are running on time & how is the frequency?
is there Mega Block tomorrow? what time?
vangani waterfall ka kya status hai? (sent from Bhiwandi Road)
vangni ki bhivpuri?? (sent from Vangani Stn.)
Are train running frm ghtkoper to kalyan??
is there any local from Karjat to cst?? (sent from Badlapur Stn.)
?
any issues at Kalyan station ? (sent from Kopar Stn.)
Sunday megablock on central line? ????? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
central railway kab sudregi .. ? always delay fir wo chahe baarish ho ya ho. inki train hamesha late. aur express ko hi main line pr jaan buj kr  dalenge   (sent from Kalyan)
is there any mega block between khopoli to ghatkopar _?
why train badlapur very slow between diva dombivli
any problem there in slow track?  (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
 last train left from cst? plz reply anyone
is there megablock scheduled on Sunday 8 July? (sent from Airoli Stn.)
Tomorrow morning traine ..dombiwali to dadar?
Timing ? (sent from Dombivli)
CST TO KARJAT HOW MUCH COST (sent from Vile Parle)
karjat ki line chalu h kya thane se ?? sundat k lie ?? (sent from Koparkhairne)
karjat train chalu h kya ? thane se (sent from Koparkhairne)
what about kasara last train..
what about kasara last train..
trains to ambernath are available from mulund ? (sent from Mulund Stn.)
are trains available from kasara to thane?
Kalyan Thane route var problem nahi aahe na? (sent from Vithalwadi)
is there any megablock for tomorrow in central line  (sent from Badlapur)
is there any update on tomorrow central line trains ..I have to catch titwala to Dadar 4:30 am train..
what was the current status of central..?? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
is there megablock today on central line??  (sent from Titwala Stn.)
what is the current situation of central line
kal 8.18 ki kasara se dadar ki local chalu hai kya?  
aj afternoon ki pune Jane wali sinhgad erpress aur pragati exprees chalu hai ya cansel Hui hai?
train running on time? any status (sent from Badlapur Stn.)
trains running  on time?  (sent from Vithalwadi)
Train velet ahet ka ??? (sent from Mankhurd Stn.)
mumbai me abhi barish ka hak kya hai?
anybody from dadar station?
is there any delay...? (sent from Govandi Stn.)
Karjat to cst fast is on time or any delay ?? (sent from Ambernath Stn.)
kanjurmarg trains on time? (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)
where is CST fast (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
titwala mein baarish hai kya?  (sent from Ghatkopar)
kay status aahe train cha...  kiti late aahet?  (sent from Vangani)
central line from badlapur to Dadar is active?
are the trains running fine from DOMBIVLI to Cst? (sent from Dombivli)
is fast trains r on time???  (sent from Vithalwadi)
karjat train working or not
Kalyan to Dadar what's the status?
are fast trains on time?
shayad what's the status
karjat 7.19 cst status plz ?  
why train are late in central line (sent from Mumbra Stn.)
what is the status today from Kalyan to cst
is there rain in kurla (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
what's the train status of 7.35 Asangaon-CSMT  (sent from Dombivli)
how to reach dadar to khopoli
how much time it will take
how much time it will take?
whr is ladies special from kalyan? (sent from Thakurli Stn.)
8.13 from kalyan whats the station ? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
7.57 badlapur left badlapur or what (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
how u are updating each local status?? (sent from Shahad)
Status of thane local? (sent from Titwala Stn.)
is the train running on time? (sent from Airoli)
Asangav to dadar train time pr hai kya ???
dombivali 9.16?? (sent from Thakurli)
where is dadar slow train (sent from Thane Stn.)
Central on time  hai? from vashind stn (sent from Vasind)
trains running late towards cst?  (sent from Bhandup Stn.)
Central on time  hai? from vashind stn (sent from Vasind)
whats status of trains from Kalyan to cstm?
where is now 9:36 train semi fast (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)
where is csmt to kasara (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
Is Mumbai Central trains running on time?
is 9.51 at Thane on time?  (sent from Thane Stn.)
is titwala thane 9:54 on time? (sent from Titwala Stn.)
has 9.55 left from Kalyan?  (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
is there any problem at diva?? trains standing in a row (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)
trains on time? 
is titwala Thane on time? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
is asangaon to cst on time? 
Dombivali towards CST trains are on time ha ??
koi shahad station pe hai Kya? Trains time pe hai ya 5-10 min late chal rahi hai? (sent from Shahad)
did the 10.10 fast train from kasara  leave for CST? (sent from Kalyan)
is the 10.37 karjat cstm fast on time at Kalyan  (sent from Thane Stn.)
what is the running staus of 9:45 from KARJAT- CSMT (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
are trains running on time ? (sent from Ambernath)
where 10:37fast from titwala to cst (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
should I carry an umbrella ? going parel from thane.
kalyan to cstm local are running properly or not?
is the train 11. 22 karjat is on time  (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
is everything on time???👍…
are trains on time in CR? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
why Sahyadri Ex stand siding at Diva? (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)
any status of 11:23 reaching at Kalyan from karjat? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
What does mumbai central mean  (sent from Nahur)
How to go there mumbai central  (sent from Bhandup)
kasara cst fast train running late as usual... has she reached kalyan yet?  (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
wher is ambernath fast trin who comeing at kurla 11 42 (sent from Kurla Stn.)
any updates for 11.55 cst from vashind? (sent from Vasind)
when did it start brother? (sent from Chunabhatti)
is there any problem at up line from kasara to cst (sent from Titwala Stn.)
are trains running late? from kasara to cst?  (sent from Titwala Stn.)
sure.. bro..  trains are on time i think .. carry umbrellas with you when you paln to come to parel  (sent from Elphinstone Road Stn.)
where is cstm 11.20 kalyan  (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)
is andheri to panvel 12:25 train on time? (sent from Borivali Stn.)
rain in Kalyan?? (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)
kasara side locals are on time or late?
where is 12.48 kasara trn from kalyan (sent from Ambernath)
where has 12 53 cst fast from Kalyan reached (sent from Shahad Stn.)
where is kalyan 12:52 any one have any idea? (sent from Sion Stn.)
Where Is Ngarcovil Express (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)
where is 1 o' clocks khopoli train (sent from Thane Stn.)
any train towards cst left from Ambernath or badlapur now?  (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)
train late hai? (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)
what's the problem between masjid bunder and Sandhurst road. (sent from Masjid Stn.)
bhai aap harbor line pe chat try karo. aapko info milega (sent from Nerul Stn.)
Panvel to Cstm local trains are running on time? Please post status. (sent from Kalamboli)
any delays in central line?
Dadar to badlapur local trains are running on time? please post status...
where is the kasara lokal at 01:37 from kalyan station  sent from kalyan station  (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
kasara to cst any delay or on-time?
where is 1.42 cst fast reached (sent from Dadar Stn.)
are fast locals from Thane to CSMT delayed p?  (sent from Thane)
Alot of Delays,what's the matter?
Udhar barish hai kya?  (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)
Udhar barish hai kya? (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)
trains to CST are on time??  (sent from Goregaon Stn.)
I have to catch a long-distance train from CST at 5pm. is there delay?  (sent from Goregaon Stn.)
badlapur fast 2.31 from kalyan..are on time?? (sent from Thane Stn.)
what's badlapur thana train  (sent from Badlapur)
hey, are the long route trains running on time from CST?  (sent from Andheri)
trains from badlapur are on time??  (sent from Badlapur Stn.)
is their any water logging??  (sent from Badlapur Stn.)
Thane dadar running on time????  (sent from Airoli)
are kasara locals on time? (sent from Cst Stn.)
2:45 from ambernath to cst. where is it now? (sent from Mulund Stn.)
what is the train status of central line??? (sent from Chunabhatti)
What is status of Sinha garj? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
what is status of fr asangaon??? 
if anybody is at platform, just mention, whether trains are running late or in time? up or down
fast train chalu b kya boss thane to cst ???? (sent from Thane Stn.)
what is status of Badlapur local? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
slow trains for CST are they on time ??    (sent from Mumbra Stn.)
Dombivli to Titwala line me kuchh prob. he kya..?  (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
titwala kasara train is on time or not? (sent from Vidyavihar)
3: 23 from badlapur to cst train where reach (sent from Kurla Stn.)
?? (sent from Dahisar)
what is trains status now in kurla towards kyn? (sent from Kurla)
central fast track to perfect time ?    please conform me (sent from Goregaon)
whats the rain status? (sent from Chunabhatti)
csmt to kasara on time..?  (sent from Churchgate)
central fast track to perfect time ?    please conform me (sent from Goregaon)
is it raining at Thane? (sent from Chunabhatti)
Hi, I am at Airoli. I'll be catching the train from Nahur..please can someone update the status of Thane to CST slow trains..are they plying and are they on time..? Please.   (sent from Airoli)
how intense? (sent from Chunabhatti)
trains from Thane to panvel running on time? (sent from Ghansoli)
is kasara to cstm train on time? (sent from Kasara Stn.)
are trains on time?
is any problem on thane to kalyan
where is Karjat CST at this moment ? is it running on time ? (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)
are trains running on time? (sent from Shahad)
are trains to thane working ? (sent from Bhandup Stn.)
what is status of khopoli local? (sent from Ambernath Stn.)
when is the train to Kasara from Dombivli after 5 pm
status please?? (sent from Ambernath Stn.)
what is the train status from kalyan to pune (sent from Kopar Stn.)
ambernath to cstm? 
http://thepocketmoney.online/?userid=10993
what is the status of 6:15 train from kasara
trains are running late??
cst train late he kya? (sent from Koparkhairne)
5:59 train from dombivali??
where its now?? (sent from Mumbra Stn.)
17017 what schedule sir? 
Thane to Dadar trains are running on time? (sent from Rabale)
train number  17017  what schedule sir ? 
Kalyan to karjat trains are running on time?
where are you karjat train (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
no trains towards CST at kanjurmarg from last 30mins, any issue? (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)
where are you guys? (sent from Juinagar)
where is ladies special (sent from Sion Stn.)
Are central line between Thane - Pune is ok? (sent from Rabale)
is there megablock tommorow
trains on time from Mulund to Kalyan?  (sent from Mulund)
any news abt the ladies spcl train?  (sent from Ghatkopar)
Are Thane - CST trains running fine?
where is 6.43 Kalyan train  (sent from Dadar Stn.)
central me train ka pro he?  (sent from Vashi Stn.)
central me train ka pro he?  (sent from Vashi Stn.)
trains ka problem hai kya? Currey road main trains up and down aayi nahi hai 10 min se.. (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)
where is a 6.53 dadar to Badlapur  (sent from Dadar Stn.)
hi all Anyone knows the current status of Matheran Toy train? does it work in rainy season ? (sent from Ambernath)
aasangaov fast from vikroli is on right time? (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)
what's the train status @Centeral  (sent from Nahur)
7:15 kasara train   when it will arrive at titwala (sent from Titwala Stn.)
What status of Rajayarani Exp... (sent from Thane Stn.)
where has klyn to  kurla train reached?  (sent from Andheri Stn.)
where is 7:40 ambernath fast from dadar (sent from Dadar Stn.)
7:21 dadar train from Ghatkopar.. where is it?? (sent from Dadar Stn.)
train from ghatkopar to kurla ...... where is it.? (sent from Kalamboli)
Slow trains towards Kalyan running around 10 minutes late, which is quite normal by Central Railway standards. (sent from Mulund Stn.)
khopoli train 8.01pm is on time or not
on which pf i can catch train for dadar from thane only fast train pls (sent from Borivali)
driver where is my car (sent from Airoli)
no train at cST what is the problem? (sent from Cst Stn.)
7:43 thane badlapr train kaha hai abi? (sent from Ambernath)
what's the problem? (sent from Cst Stn.)
what is the status of up train (sent from Cst Stn.)
what the platform of Ten express in thane station (sent from Thane Stn.)
what the platform of Ten express in thane station (sent from Thane Stn.)
down side trains are late or what?? (sent from Ambivli Stn.)
where is Karjat trn? (sent from Badlapur Stn.)
any one suggest I want to Thane to badlapur so there is no delay in train? (sent from Rabale)
7:49 kalyan to thane atak gyi hai kya? (sent from Thane Stn.)
where is dadar-kalyan 8.37at Kurla, cancel hua Kya? (sent from Kurla Stn.)
Is there in Mega Block in Central Line on Sunday? (sent from Bhayander)
what's status of slow train towards Kalyan from Thane?? (sent from Thane Stn.)
what status of Dadar to Kalyan (sent from Dadar Stn.)
is there any problem after bhandup? (sent from Elphinstone Road Stn.)
where is kasara train now? (sent from Byculla Stn.)
it's started from cst or not? (sent from Byculla Stn.)
are trains on time?
vadala to andheri running? (sent from Vadala Road Stn.)
hi whats the scene are downside trains running from dadar?? (sent from Elphinstone Road Stn.)
why badlapur train isn't arriving at klyn stn (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
where is cst fast train?  (sent from Thane Stn.)
where is cst fast anybody please reply??  (sent from Thane Stn.)
are fast trains from Thane to Dadar slow? (sent from Thane Stn.)
fast train towards csmt is available??  (sent from Thane Stn.)
is there any fast train arriving thane to csmt? (sent from Elphinstone Road)
any fst train is moving towards Thane..?? (sent from Kalva Stn.)
from CST to Thane?? (sent from Kalva Stn.)
any update..?? (sent from Thane)
where khopoli fat have reached..? (sent from Thane Stn.)
where is it  10 : 02 Kalyan train   (sent from Dadar Stn.)
how many hours train late (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
khopoli fast  kuthe aahe?
01664 train stopped on which platform at Bhusawal
where is karjat train which coming  at 10.29pm in kalyan (sent from Kalyan)
where is 10.25 Asangaon at kalyan ? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
 10.32 from kalyan fast? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
1042 badlapur from dadar on time ? (sent from Dadar Stn.)
why are late local train (sent from Vithalwadi)
??? (sent from Vikhroli)
what's a problem between cst to dadar train has not coming (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)
what problem is between vithalwadi and kalyan (sent from Vithalwadi)
what problem is between vithalwadi and kalyan (sent from Kalyan)
any problem in central line?  (sent from Mumbra)
From CST to Kalyan train is running late??? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
where is BL fast? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
Udhy sathi train che Khi updates ahet ka?? (sent from Badlapur)
 where is last kp trai  (sent from Mumbra Stn.)
Karjat last train ghatkhopar mei aya kya? 
any one have idea about 12165 ltt is it late from thane???  (sent from Mumbra)
central lines  trains are tu? i
Hi , karjat to cst fast time pe hai kya??
what about cst to Kasara/ Asangaon train status
is cst -thane trains r on time????
train late hain kya? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
where is khopoli to csmt fast local it is being announced that its 5 to 10 mins late at ambernath
is train on right time?  (sent from Dativali Stn.)
trains sabhi time pe hai Kya thane to csmt ? (sent from Kalva Stn.)
is dat train on time or late...? (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)
is there any issue at thane station?
what's train status in mulund??? (sent from Mulund Stn.)
when will be Panvel coming (sent from Sanpada Stn.)
 7:33 from badlapur running on time?
plz like chat... becuse other wise people will ask same questions again  (sent from Vangani)
is central line trn r on time??? 
7.48 Mulund is late ? (sent from Mulund Stn.)
What is the status for today are the trains running as usual timing or delayed?  (sent from Dombivli)
anybody else's jio services not working at Thane station? (sent from Thane Stn.)
is there route is clear from Kalyan to vashi ??
r train running ok? (sent from Mulund)
where is khopoli train ?
where is khopoli train
what is status of badlapur thane train (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
currently it is in which station (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
where is khopoli local (sent from Ambernath Stn.)
y? (sent from Kalva)
not only late sometimes railway cancel some trains without giving specific reason. They must tell us why it has been cancelled. m i right? 
R down fast trains on time...? 
ia there any problem after thane ?
which Mumbai Mazgoan or Mumbai Jalna there are two (sent from Byculla Stn.)
bajiya pav wala betha hai kya vikhroli pe?
Is trains are running on tym????  (sent from Ambernath)
Is all train's are running on time today?  (sent from Dombivli)
it will surely happen but the pace which our Railway department works looking into it it can take another 150 years or so. :)  (sent from Ambernath)
is 9:53am karjat local from dom on time...?  (sent from Kalva Stn.)
status of khopoli (@8:40) to cst train.. where it has reached 
any megablock? updates (sent from Dombivli)
11.12 train cancelled? kasara to cst 
panvel trains are working??
9:45 CST ? (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
where is 10.13 ambarnath cst fast local..? (sent from Dombivli)
Where is 10.32 CSMT fast train reached  ?? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
is the issue at mulund sorted???
where is 10 54?  (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
what's the status of 11 cst fst from dmbvli (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
what is the status of 10.17 fast train toword CST from thane station (sent from Thane)
Do 10 54 departed from kalyan? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
why are the trains late? (sent from Badlapur Stn.)
does 11.04 fast from Kalyan left? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
aj rail roko hai kya?? 
train are running from Lonavala towards Mumbai?
where is Karjat train?? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
11:30 mumbra se titwala late hai ? (sent from Mumbra Stn.)
what is the status for trains going till Ghatkopar
what is tickets fair from Ghatkopar to western express highway station (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)
which slow trains are available from kalyan to cst (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
where is Karjat- CSMT now?? (sent from Badlapur)
12.32 fast still not reach to kalyan stn any update?
kasara train timing?
where is 12:45cst train
where is fast local 1:14 thana to csmt (sent from Mumbra)
excellent update...not sure why kasara fast took 40 mins to reach Mulund... (sent from Mulund Stn.)
a Dadar bound train has hit a man who was standing on the platform number 4 (sent from Mulund Stn.)
what is status of khopoli local? (sent from Karjat Stn.)
why don't you inform mul und station master ... (sent from Shahad)
Thank to those who have send their responce (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)
when is badlapur fast train arriving?  (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
is it on time?  (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
?  (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
does anyone know...? plzzz rply (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
on which platform is the badlapur csmt train arriving on  (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
aree trains on time for kalyan side??  (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
Pawan express time pe hai Kya? (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)
2:58 F Kalyan to CST has left?  (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
2.56from badlapur towards karjat had been left from badlapur???  (sent from Vangani Stn.)
where is 3.05 cst (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
where is 3.17 karat fast
central line ok ahe ka??
3.50 cst fast where it reach now? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
ambernath train 3:24 ki kaha hai??? (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)
train status ?? 
?? (sent from Thane Stn.)
is 4 39 titwala  cancelled in dadar ? (sent from Dadar Stn.)
Where's the 4.40 train badlapur at ulhasnagar???
are trains running properly? (sent from Kurla)
where is 5:18 Titwala slow train? (sent from Thane)
is there any problem towards shahad side?
upcoming down train at vikroliii?? (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)
khopoli to kalyan local is on time ???  08.01 pm (sent from Khopoli)
where is 7:21 csmt fast. my frnd is at dombivli
whr is 7;35 csmt train??? (sent from Thane Stn.)
anybody been to atgaon can me if there is any facility to go for bhatsa dam like share auto or bus? (sent from Thane)
where is my train (sent from Kurla Stn.)
aj up train late q hai, koi reson ...? (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)
is there tarin for karjat from badlapur stn (sent from Badlapur)
7.43 thane badlapur kuthe pohachali? (sent from Kalva)
7:46 titwala from csy? (sent from Mahalakshmi Stn.)
status of belapur cst fast train ?? (sent from Mulund Stn.)
any idea about 7.55 Kalyan 15 car? @ghatkopar (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
which is the next Fast train scheduled at Thane stn for cst (sent from Thane)
where is Ambernath train? 8.15 (sent from Bhandup Stn.)
are fast trains on time from Dadar? (sent from Elphinstone Road Stn.)
where is 8.16 ambernanth from bhandup  (sent from Bhandup Stn.)
where is karjag fast (sent from Bhandup Stn.)
why has train stopped at chinchpokli (sent from Vidyavihar Stn.)
when train will start from ambarnath to cst in early morning?
where is 8.45 csmt train  (sent from Elphinstone Road Stn.)
8:50 dadar to cst Kahan he?
where is kasara fast?  (sent from Chembur Stn.)
??  (sent from Chembur Stn.)
where is 9.10 @ghatkopar thane local?  (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
why trains are  late towards kalyan ?? :( (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)
yaa trains are 1 hour late theres a track issue which is nt solved yet (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)
Status of Titwala which is arriving at Kanjurmarg at 9:13 pm (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)
why are the trains late?  (sent from Dadar Stn.)
Track issue which has not been resolved and trains are getting late  (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)
is there any problem going from thane to kanjur (sent from Bhandup)
where is Asangav (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)
where is 9:27 Dombivli local (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)
where is kalyan 15 bogie fast (sent from Byculla Stn.)
what is status of 15 dabba Kalyan train (sent from Dadar Stn.)
where is S fast train? (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)
what is the status kalyan to cstm fast local  (sent from Thane Stn.)
what is issue for Central down trains (sent from Kalva Stn.)
are fast train on time ? (sent from Mulund Stn.)
Kasara se aauragabad ki tikit rs?  (sent from Titwala Stn.)
where are asangaon train (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
any update about the slow trains from Kanjurmarg? (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)
where to get information about mega block in CR on coming Sunday? (sent from Kanjur Marg)
I want to know about train status 12174 this is the no of the train how many are is remains to arrived Kalyan junction.
are express of Mumbai togoa running in time? i m asking bcoz of maratha kranti morcha transporttation is disturbed
last local kaha tak hai??? (sent from Thane Stn.)
fast train from karjat ? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
where is the train (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
anybody knows where khopoli fast is? (sent from Ambernath Stn.)
u mean khopoli to kasara ? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
is there any fast train on the way to dom?? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
there is no train for khopoli to kasara what i meant was khopoli to cstm
bro is there any fast train coming from kalyan? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
where is a train in kalyan stn 6.12 (sent from Shahad)
fast train h kya bhai? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
kaha pe hai abi train? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
Where is the khopoli cstm train?  (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
is 6.43 train at kalyan from badlapur on time.????...shud be near ulhasnagara by now??? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
what is this  (sent from Thane Stn.)
any status on 7:08am slow train for CSMT from Thane? (sent from Kalva Stn.)
7.04 Thane csmt slow? (sent from Thane Stn.)
trains are on time? 
which station reached ambernath train...???
 trains on time or not ? frm ghatkopar
 trains on time or not ? frm ghatkopar
7:00 ki vasai sa diva Jana vali train nikal chuki ha Kia???? (sent from Bhiwandi Road Stn.)
7:59 Kalyan dadar is on time or late and where it reached? (sent from Thane)
8.22 Train Dombivali to Khopoli running on time???
byculla Jane ka hai train chalu hai? (sent from Sion)
aur train chalu hai ? (sent from Sion)
8.10 from thane khopoli local???
train chalu hai time per? (sent from Vithalwadi)
tomorrow is there a megablock?  (sent from Mira Road)
is there train on time? (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)
What is situation @ Dadar Station (sent from Airoli)
what abut thane to panvel trains (sent from Asangaon Stn.)
Train time table change zalay ka ? (sent from Ambivli Stn.)
where is 8.45 (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)
what about 9:06 cst  (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
Is neral - Matheran toy train running?
Today megablock?
why megablock? (sent from Titwala Stn.)
train number 12154 isn't moving since two hours and is near titwala station. what is the status?  (sent from Titwala)
is there trains running on time (sent from Dombivli)
?? (sent from Dombivli)
from last 3 hours Habib gunj express stop on titwala stn why every time this train stop every 3 or 4 hours stopped without any reason  (sent from Titwala Stn.)
can anyone tell me the status of 9.18 Karjat train? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
9.47. kalyan dadar status?? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
where is 9 47 kalyan dadar? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
from ambernath local are on time ? (sent from Ambernath)
where is 10.07 karjat from ulhasnagar??? (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)
10:10 fast train from dombivli to cst any updates? (sent from Dombivli)
what abt the train situation for today?  (sent from Thane)
are trains running on times?
is there any problems between thakuli & Kalyan station..
where is 10.27 badlapur cstm local (sent from Badlapur Stn.)
karjat train is late ? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
 Karjat trains are running on????  
fast for Cst?? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
where is Badlapur csmt fast train??? (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
kashi express train no.  15017 when to start regularly
are trains in time? (sent from Thane)
10.54 fast csmt on time?? from titwala (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
kasara konsa station pass Kar rahi he?pls rply
10.16 ki CST kasara fast local kaha pochi he? pls reply
what's the status of trains from vitthalwadi stn.? (sent from Kalyan)
Kasara-Cst fast train update please? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
trains from ambernath??? (sent from Ambernath Stn.)
running from time ?? (sent from Ambernath Stn.)
status of 9.45 karjat please (sent from Thane Stn.)
what is the status of 11:19 Kasara fast from kalyan? (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)
how to get to matheran (sent from Vangani Stn.)
11.19 cstm ka status kya hai?? (sent from Thane Stn.)
what is the status for 11:30 karjat trainfrom dombivali (sent from Dombivli)
what status of 11.40 time of dombivli now where badlapur train (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)
are train 5 10 mins late..?  (sent from Shahad Stn.)
?
I am also stuck near kalyan Station from last 30 minuts. Dont know what happends (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
what is the status for karjat train from kalyan (sent from Thakurli)
what is the status of khopoli train  (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)
why cst 12 from Badlapur is halted at stn (sent from Badlapur Stn.)
fast cst 11:56 thane status? (sent from Thane Stn.)
how much time it takes from Dadar to Lower parel 
what's the general status for trains? (sent from Badlapur)
do we get updates in this app or it's just like that only? (sent from Thakurli)
what's the train status from shahad to thane?? (sent from Shahad Stn.)
from shahad?? (sent from Shahad Stn.)
what is the status of 12:17 local towards CST from at Dombivli? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
12.35 CST train not come at Dadar what is status? (sent from Dadar Stn.)
12:48 asangaon abhi tak mumbra nai aayi any problem??? (sent from Mumbra Stn.)
what is the status of 1:22 from Badlapur to cst (sent from Badlapur)
where is the fast train for cstm (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
When will fast train come to the Kalyan station? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
where is 12:01 karjat - cstm fast..?
12:53 ki kaha hai ab? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
12:53(Kalyan) ki Karjat to CSMT fast kab aayegi? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
current Location?
is it arrived from kalyan and what's the current location? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
how to go to lonavla by train? (sent from Khar Road)
bro first go to bandra terminus and take any train which go to pune chennai Hyderabad  (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
12.53 CST slow ?? (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)
or come to kalyan and take train which goes chennai or Hyderabad (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
cst fast 1.14 at thane not yet arrived?? (sent from Thane Stn.)
1.34 cst slow?? (sent from Vidyavihar Stn.)
where's the 1.31 badlapur fast right now ? (sent from Kalyan)
where khopoli train now? (sent from Neral)
What's the problem at central line (sent from Sion Stn.)
are trains are late by 30 to 40 mins??
again screwed up by Cent. Railway when no rain....no trains since 20-25 min at sion stn (sent from Sion Stn.)
what about kalyan CSMT FAST 2.05 15 car train (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
are slow trains also delayed? (sent from Dombivli)
has 1:21 slow cstm local arrived at dombivali?  (sent from Kopar)
What abt khopoli trains?? is there any prblm?? (sent from Neral Stn.)
abhi kaha hai khopoli train?? (sent from Neral Stn.)
Technical krishna how do u get to know train status? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
Abhi kaha hai khopoli train????? 
How did u get that? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
what about 15 car (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
there is no A/C train on central line? (sent from Dadar Stn.)
badlapur se last train kab nikalenge? (sent from Bhandup)
tomorrow mega block at this line? (sent from Vashi)
2:8 csmt to Badlapur status? (sent from Thane)
which is from thane at 2.4pm where it is now  (sent from Dombivli)
where is khopoli train (sent from Lowjee Stn.)
karjat train from dadar... status??? (sent from Dadar Stn.)
karjat train from ambernath 4:04pm status???
ambernath trains chalu hai kya?
where is Badlapur train now?? CSMT to Badlapur?? 3:23 wala (sent from Badlapur Stn.)
any updates of Tiwala -  cst where is it stuck (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)
 what is status of sinhgad express (sent from Ambernath)
where is An train (sent from Mulund Stn.)
is it raining heavily in Kurla? (sent from Nahur)
where is kalyan fast (sent from Kurla Stn.)
why are cst slow locals so delayed  (sent from Sion Stn.)
where reached kalyan fast (sent from Kurla Stn.)
hey is it raining heavily in Kurla? (sent from Nahur)
can anyone tell about Dadar Kalyan 15 carts train? please (sent from Dadar Stn.)
is there a mega block tomorrow in central line (sent from Bhandup)
where is 50103 (sent from Thane Stn.)
Has the 4.11 karjat train from badlapur gone (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)
?  (sent from Kings Circle Stn.)
where is 4.04 fast local from thane towards cst? (sent from Mumbra)
where is khopoli train (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
HOW TO GO UDGIR FROM DAHANU
where is khopoli fast? (sent from Kopar Stn.)
how is the train running between kasara to csmt (sent from Kasara Stn.)
waiting from when at Dombivali stn, there are no fast train coming  (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
where is 4.26 badlapur fast (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
where is Dadar-Badlapur fast local? (sent from Kurla Stn.)
kiseko ko bhiwandi-kopar train patha he kya kidar pauchi????
when will the karjat fast train reach Kurla? (sent from Kurla Stn.)
what's the update towards car from ghatkopar (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
technical problem hai kya cebtral lineka?
When will the megablock start tomorrow?
where is 4:34 CST train (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)
what is the ticket prize from ulhas nagar to neral (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)
what is tommorow's megablock time on central railway (sent from Badlapur)
which train goes to poona  (sent from Masjid)
are trains from Dombivli to CST on time? (sent from Dombivli)
sunday cenral line me mega block hai kya ?
what about mumbai pune pragati exp. (sent from Parel)
is tomorrow megablock? (sent from Karjat Stn.)
where is Dadar - Badlapur Train ? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
what about fast train
Give update when train arrives (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
where do i find local train time table (sent from Mulund Stn.)
Thane stn K Bahar Bridge toot Gya H Kya?  (sent from Gtb Nagar)
what about slow train  (sent from Borivali Stn.)
where is asangav train  (sent from Kopar Stn.)
has 5.17 csmt local left from kasara? (sent from Khardi Stn.)
what is tomorrow mega block time ?  central line
is there megablock on 22nd july sunday? (sent from Neral Stn.)
tomorrow is megablock or not ? (sent from Jogeshwari)
where is 5.48 karjat now can anyone tell me 
where is 6.08 kalyan sf (sent from Kurla Stn.)
trains on time from  dadar? (sent from Grant Road Stn.)
is tomorrow mega block?
where is khopoli 6.38 kalyan (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
उद्या मध्य रेल्वेचा मेगा ब्लॉक आहे का? (sent from Kalva)
are trains to Cst working normal? waiting at platform 1, 6.57 train still not arrived?  (sent from Thane Stn.)
is the train on time from dadr to Thane fast (sent from Andheri)
pls give me status of kanjurmarg to cst ?? (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)
please refer to most like chat Sunday megablock information  (sent from Thane Stn.)
8. 03 thane karjat slow status? 
Kindly check Megablock details in *Most Liked Chats at right side of chat section* also the Megablock details are available in News section of m-indicator app. News section button is present at top right corner of chat section
is there mega block tomorrow betwn karjat-badlapur?
Where is Dadar - ambernath Fast local reach Dadar 7:40 Ghatkopar 7:52...Thane 8:06 (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
0837 CST Kalyan live status??  (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
what about fast train at thane station
8:24 Ambarnath fast local what is the status (sent from Thane Stn.)
what about Khopli train ??  (sent from Badlapur Stn.)
karjat train left ya no in csmt ? (sent from Dadar Stn.)
??plz (sent from Dadar Stn.)
whr is 8:41 cst fast from kalyan?? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
any train reaching kalyan yet?  (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
is there any mega block tomorrow on central railway ? (sent from Thane)
Kindly check Megablock details in *Most Liked Chats at right side of chat section* also the Megablock details are available in News section of m-indicator app. *News Section* button is present at top right corner of chat section
Kindly check Megablock details in *Most Liked Chats at right side of chat section* also the Megablock details are available in News section of m-indicator app. *News Section* button is present at top right corner of chat section
siddheshwar express is on time or delay?? (sent from Bhandup Stn.)
thane ka train nai aaya . train late hai kya?
Mega block timing?  (sent from Sandhurst Road)
9:37 ki CSMT itni late kyon hai ? (sent from Thane Stn.)
how to reach Khandala from Santa Cruz airport? (sent from Vile Parle)
why train so late
how to reach Khandala from Santa Cruz airport? (sent from Vile Parle)
khopoli fast from Ghatkopar 10.23 ka status kya h anyone tell?
उद्या मेगा ब्लॉक आहे का चेंबूर ला जायचं असेल तर!?? (sent from Panvel)
Kindly check Megablock details in *Most Liked Chats at right side of chat section* also the Megablock details are available in News section of m-indicator app. *News Section* button is present at top right corner of chat section
is there megablock tomorrow? (sent from Thane)
Kindly check Megablock details in *Most Liked Chats at right side of chat section* also the Megablock details are available in News section of m-indicator app. *News Section* button is present at top right corner of chat section
where is Kalyan fast 15 car? (sent from Ghatkopar)
Kindly check Megablock details in *Most Liked Chats at right side of chat section* also the Megablock details are available in News section of m-indicator app. *News Section* button is present at top right corner of chat section
kal mumbra se mega block rahega Kya ?
what is about tomorrow megha block?
is this also the mega block from dadar to knjur marg
whats the time for megablock tommorw? (sent from Badlapur)
what's time for megablock tomorrow in central line  (sent from Dativali Stn.)
which train will go ashadi ekada ahi plz list provide (sent from Vithalwadi)
7:51 ambernath cst train is cancel or not tommorow?? (sent from Ambernath Stn.)
is there mega block between kasara and kalyan? tomorrow
tomarrow mega block...??? (sent from Kalva)
kasara fast??  (sent from Kurla Stn.)
where is karjat cst fast local  (sent from Kurla Stn.)
is there mega block tomorrow? (sent from Vikhroli)
central line any update.. sion to mulund ? (sent from Sion Stn.)
mandovi express Mumbai to madgaon departs from which platform from thane (sent from Mira Road)
any one at thane station? (sent from Mira Road)
khopoli fast update?? (sent from Kurla Stn.)
subah mai ghatkopar se mumbra jane ki train chalu rahegi???  (sent from Govandi)
megha block timings? (sent from Marine Lines)
how to reach Haji Ali dargha from mankhurd
Why this 11.31 khophli from dadar is always getting late? 
What is d use of this khophli train always getting late 
is there any megablock on Sunday
11.49 train in kurla still not came when it will come plz let us know
Sunday mega block start timing?? (sent from Nilje)
hi guys.. gm any idea where the karjat train has reached
where is karjat - cst fast (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
where is cst - kasar slow local (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
where is 6.35am fast train at Mulund announcement is it is late  (sent from Mulund Stn.)
6 32 train hasn't yet arrived at thane station any update where the train is?
trains are stops at near parel station .dont kown what happend exactly   (sent from Elphinstone Road Stn.)
6.51 fast? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
करि रोड जवळ का गाडी थांबली? (sent from Elphinstone Road Stn.)
what about fast trains (sent from Elphinstone Road Stn.)
what is the issue? (sent from Titwala Stn.)
but train are going or not till CST? (sent from Titwala Stn.)
The railway station master just announced about some problem of trains.. couldn't hear it clearly.. can anyone tell wht the problem is?
what was the announcement about matunga ..parel?? (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)
कोणी सांगेल का सेंट्रल लाईन ट्रेन चा काय प्रोब्लेम आहे? (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)
what's problem of CR
Shu thay? (sent from Kurla)
what is the exact issue ? (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)
koi announcement hui...? 
central line any issues? (sent from Sion Stn.)
what's the announcement 
the same what I wrote  (sent from Dadar Stn.)
what is the status trains from Kalyan to Kurla? (sent from Thakurli Stn.)
? (sent from Shahad Stn.)
How's the situation thane to csmt local train ??
Limaye sir, this is Neelam 28
I am in the fast train reaching CST now I don't know exactly what happened but around 5 train were there between dadar and byculla in slow track (sent from Masjid Stn.)
काय झाल आहे ?   (sent from Dadar Stn.)
any issue again...? 
are fast trains running???  (sent from Karjat)
current situation...? (sent from Bhandup)
what happened?? is train late ?? (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)
is der any delay in central line today??
फास्ट ट्रेन ला प्रॉब्लेम आहे की स्लो ट्रेन ला ?? (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
chalu ahe ka?????  (sent from Karjat)
kitna delay Hua? (sent from Mulund)
Central line delayed? (sent from Kurla Stn.)
trains has been started or not towards thane ??? I'm in Sandhurst road
y is the train delayed? (sent from Matunga Road Stn.)
फास्ट ट्रेन ला प्रॉब्लेम आहे की स्लो ट्रेन ला ?? (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
amb to CST???? (sent from Ambernath Stn.)
फास्ट ट्रेन ला प्रॉब्लेम आहे की स्लो ट्रेन ला ?? (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
chalu ahe ka?????  (sent from Karjat)
what happened?? (sent from Vithalwadi)
why? (sent from Thane Stn.)
r trains running on time?
7.51 ambernarth? or 8.06 thane?
Ghatkopar me bhav vadapav chalu ha kyaa? 
train status? (sent from Kalva)
 Trains are late at the central line. It's not a very major issue right?   (sent from Kings Circle)
ask in western train chat (sent from Vasind Stn.)
y r trains late?? (sent from Kings Circle Stn.)
दादर ला नक्की झालाय काय? (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)
what a statue of the CR  (sent from Matunga Road Stn.)
the problem is in up or down line ? (sent from Kurla)
why on Earth is central railway always affected :-( (sent from Dadar Stn.)
slow trn kaha se jaa rahe hai?
where is 7:30 khopoli now ? (sent from Ghatkopar)
What is staus of central line ??
Why so it is happening ? What is the reason (sent from Mahim Jn Stn.)
is central line delayed ? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
right now i am at titwala how to go ganesh mandir plzz tell me (sent from Titwala Stn.)
why trains are late? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
is there any problem upto thane from kalyan
why central line delay (sent from Badlapur)
what happen? what is problem 
whats the problem? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
why not make good use of community? Other platforms aren't enough to  read/forward jokes 😊 (sent from Koparkhairne Stn.)
right now i am at titwala station can you plzz tell me how to ganesh mandir (sent from Titwala Stn.)
any problem? (sent from Mulund)
what a problem 
what is problem (sent from Dombivli)
sure? damn (sent from Sion Stn.)
why  r u so negative (sent from Mankhurd)
 is all trains running on time in central ??
CST train is late or not ?
paus to band hai to problem Q? (sent from Dadar Stn.)
such shame that some people are sending non-sense comments on such serious platform where lacs of people are dependant.. we call trains Mumbai's lifeline.. Mean it guys. #Shame
I'm reaching karjat at what time would I get metro from ghatkopar??
and what about harbour line from kurla to nerul
are train running on time from Dombivli?? (sent from Dombivli)
is there some problem between Parel and Dadar  (sent from Kopar)
what about thane starting? are they on time?
why train late (sent from Sandhurst Road)
what about fast track  (sent from Shahad)
7.47 AMBARNATH slow from thane what's the status?  (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
anything from Thane? 
please update about any kaylan,karjat train (sent from Dadar Stn.)
thane to currey road any problem?  (sent from Koparkhairne)
WHAT NONSENSE... IDIOT.. DON'T SPREAD RUMOURS (sent from Santa Cruz Stn.)
what is problem (sent from Dadar Stn.)
Mulund to Ghatkopar..any delay? (sent from Mulund)
what about central line slow track (sent from Kalyan)
what about central line slow track (sent from Kalyan)
Avery day and time trian issues, when all isuess (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
what's the problem (sent from Badlapur)
what is the problem
where is 7.30 badlapur fast (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
what is the status of ulhasnagar station?? Trains are late or not?? (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)
ky huwa he central line ko? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
what is status of train to asangaon (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
What's problem  (sent from Bhandup Stn.)
does trains are running on time????? (sent from Kalva Stn.)
where is problem now?
7.38 Badlapur from Bhandup has gone or not?? (sent from Mulund)
there is some work going on parel station slow track side due to which all trains are getting delayed coz they are diverting slow trains to fast track from dadar (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
where are CST fast trains .. 15 dabba on time? (sent from Kurla Stn.)
train late aahe ka?
Kay zale? (sent from Badlapur Stn.)
problem is one of the titwala- cstm local had a technical fault in morning between currey road and parel station, which cause delay of 15- 20 min in schedule. andsome slow locals are shifted to fast rout. (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)
kurla is it working? (sent from Sion Stn.)
train late between Matunga Dadar don't know what's happened no announcement (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)
what is the current status? (sent from Andheri)
what is train status of BL to CSMT 
what is the reason of delaid  (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
what about trains from Dombivli to dadar (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
where is the titwala local does anyone know  (sent from Bhandup Stn.)
khopoli train kaha pee hai ????? (sent from Kurla Stn.)
what's the status from Dadar to Curry Road (sent from Nerul)
what's the status of Dombivali to Dadar (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
what about Badlapur to CST? (sent from Badlapur)
Why there are no announcmnt going on for fast trains (sent from Kurla Stn.)
How much late??  (sent from Badlapur)
where has karjat cstm train reached?? (sent from Mulund Stn.)
what is the status from chinchpokli to thane (sent from Chinchpokli Stn.)
Any issues in train line??  (sent from Badlapur)
what about the train from Dombivli to cst (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
why trains are late (sent from Mulund)
what's happening in central line.. (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
wat abt train update in thane??
on time? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
bass? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
why trains r late today? (sent from Thakurli Stn.)
did titwala reach kurla any updates ? (sent from Bhandup Stn.)
Kurla se thane is on time? (sent from Tilak Nagar Stn.)
how about Badlapur Thane?? (sent from Kalyan)
I'm in karjat train which just departure from badlapur (sent from Badlapur Stn.)
did it leave ? (sent from Bhandup Stn.)
why are late train ??
where u are now  (sent from Sion Stn.)
is the khopoli  train is on time from mulund station at 8.06 (sent from Parel Stn.)
what is the issue at dadar station any technical fault  (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
? (sent from Kurla Stn.)
why... (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
trains are late daily . why don't central railway shut down for a week (sent from Mulund Stn.)
it is late by how much time  (sent from Tilak Nagar Stn.)
CRly ka kaya hal hai? (sent from Thakurli Stn.)
all central line train is on time or not? (sent from Shelu Stn.)
kalyan train ??? (sent from Kurla Stn.)
any status from Mumbra station?
please update on down fast train?? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
what is the status of 7:44 Dombivli from Kurla? (sent from Kurla Stn.)
Thane CST going on time?
what is wrong between kurla and sion? (sent from Kurla)
what happened between kurla n sion ??? (sent from Chunabhatti)
what happened between kurla n sion ??? (sent from Chunabhatti)
train nhi hai bhout time se kya problem hai? (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)
what happened to the 7:38 kurla - cstm local. train have been stopped . it's almost 30 min (sent from Chunabhatti)
kalyan janeke liye train sahi hai kya?? (sent from Bhandup)
where is khopoli train (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)
problem Kya hua hai.? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
train waiting at kurla slow line per kuch problem hai kya ? (sent from Kurla Stn.)
what exactly happened in between kurla and Sion?  (sent from Kurla Stn.)
problem kya hoga?  CR chutiyon se Bhari hai. kaunsa time pe chalta hai yeh (sent from Kurla)
anybody knows?  (sent from Kurla)
now who will explain our bosses? (sent from Dombivli)
what is issue for halting at kurla for such a long time  (sent from Panvel)
are the trains running smoothly from Kalyan till Thane?
w r khopoli? (sent from Mulund Stn.)
where is karjat fast? I'm waiting at thane station (sent from Thane Stn.)
why trains are late (sent from Mumbra)
kurla se byculla ? (sent from Govandi)
why no trains to Kalyan .? waiting from so long. (sent from Kopar)
what about Mulund to cst? (sent from Mulund Stn.)
why train are stop (sent from Tilak Nagar Stn.)
koi na kuch der me short out bhi ho jayega shayad? (sent from Sion Stn.)
those who r travelling to cst take churchgate from dadar...coz trains are haulted back to back in kurla (sent from Sion Stn.)
is 8.36 thane local cancelled? (sent from Mulund Stn.)
why are trains delayed (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
why its halt (sent from Kurla)
ab protestors kidhar hai aaj?  (sent from Kurla)
what is the issue (sent from Nahur Stn.)
is there any day central railway trains running on time? (sent from Kopar)
what is issue (sent from Kurla)
 wat happen ?? (sent from Mulund)
where is khopli fast right now? (sent from Thane Stn.)
where is khopoli train?
Bhai, whats the situation at Bhandup Stn for trains going towards CST?  (sent from Nahur)
reason ? (sent from Kurla Stn.)
no problem any where reached Carn from thane  25 mins late (sent from Cst Stn.)
what is the problem
which train 8.17 a.m. (sent from Nahur Stn.)
actually what's the problem why train is late  (sent from Churchgate Stn.)
can anyone update what's the problem is ahed kurla (sent from Tilak Nagar)
Karjat thane working smoothly?
what is problem in between Kurla sion (sent from Kurla Stn.)
any train scheduled at thane platform no 1?
what happened, beetwin Kurla & Sion station on slow line (sent from Tilak Nagar)
which train (sent from Nahur Stn.)
why people r asking same question ? due to technical problem train stuck at curry road and parel (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
don't know the problem... what's going...but train stopped (sent from Vidyavihar)
what is the problem ? (sent from Chunabhatti)
what hppened in kurla only slow train stuck behind kurla (sent from Tilak Nagar)
problem solve zalay ka ?? (sent from Mulund Stn.)
why train is late... (sent from Matunga Road Stn.)
what is the problem between kurla n Sion? (sent from Kurla)
what is current train status? (sent from Thakurli Stn.)
what about fast train track. are fast on time? (sent from Nerul)
what is a status of 8.34 Kalyan to CST train (sent from Kalyan)
stucked between kurla and sion from last 25 minutes. slow train is not moving but fast train is moving smoothly. I don't no what is the issue.  (sent from Kurla)
what's the status of Thane train or dadar train? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
dom 8:40 train ontime ?? (sent from Kopar Stn.)
what's status of dadar station (sent from Elphinstone Road)
what is the exact issue pls share?
what is status of badlapur station (sent from Badlapur Stn.)
what is issue slow train delay from kurla  (sent from Vidyavihar Stn.)
what happen I am in kalyan (sent from Kalyan)
good move from central railway. fast locals are stopping at where 4 platforms such as soon . (sent from Gtb Nagar Stn.)
where is 8.07 Badlapur at Kalyan (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
gaadi  chaalu  hoga ki nahi? (sent from Kurla)
what is the status of Asangaon CSMT fast local 8:13 at kalyan? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
train why late (sent from Bhandup Stn.)
where is asangaon train now...?? (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)
stuck between vik and ghat (sent from Dombivli)
why central line delay by 20 to 25 minutes (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
@Kalyan user. what is the status of Asangaon CSMT fast local, 8:13 at kalyan (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
what is the issue here?
kya issue kya hai but .??? (sent from Rabale)
What About Khopoli Train? 
status of Dombivali locals 8.20 at joparyant??? (sent from Kopar Stn.)
what is the issue (sent from Dombivli)
There was technical issue for one train between curry Road and parel. So all trains are delayed mainly on up line from Thane towards Csmt. There seems no much issues on fast track. People stop asking what is the issue. you can get the status if scroll up little bit.  (sent from Thakurli Stn.)
where is khopoli train (sent from Thane Stn.)
what is current location of khopoli train (sent from Thane Stn.)
is khopoli fast train halt @ neral ? (sent from Marine Lines)
what's the issue at Kurla station.  Train is stoped at one place form last 30 min  (sent from Kurla Stn.)
what about kurla to Panvel?? (sent from Vidyavihar Stn.)
what is the Situation Now?  Has IT started?  (sent from Rabale)
what about ambernath to cst ? (sent from Ambernath)
what abt fast train (sent from Kurla)
is khopoli fast train halt @ neral ? (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)
where is CSMT - Khopoli ? 
why train slow kalyan (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)
what about Kurla to curry road (sent from Govandi Stn.)
Badlapur fast status pls??? (sent from Thane)
what abt  bhandup to thane? (sent from Bhandup)
khopoli local ? (sent from Thane Stn.)
can someone tell me where is khopoli fast right now? (sent from Thane Stn.)
Padhne aata hai???
Upar ke chats padh lena, nahi side ke moat liked chats padh lena
where is 8:10 khopoli train from thane?
where is 8:25 diva (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)
where is 8:10 khopoli train from thane?
where is 8:10 khopoli train from thane?
are up slow trains going beyond Dadar?  (sent from Sion Stn.)
but my question is where is it right now? (sent from Thane Stn.)
why train is late (sent from Kopar Stn.)
In which station s central side ladies special train....??? (sent from Mulund Stn.)
aaj konse minister ka bap mar gaya jo aaj bhi sabhi trains 10 20 mins late hai? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
very very bad services provided by railway they have no sense how many people reach there office late ...I m also got late half an hour. (sent from Nahur Stn.)
where is the 8.30 dombivli local?????? (sent from Kopar Stn.)
where is 8.25 diva Dombivali train (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)
 what is the update in parel or curry road  (sent from Elphinstone Road Stn.)
where is khopoli train?
8.38 am badlapur thane station pe aaeei kya? (sent from Thane)
why trains are late (sent from Mulund Stn.)
what is the problem but (sent from Kurla Stn.)
is 8.45 from badlapur on time? (sent from Badlapur)
what the hell yaar (sent from Kurla Stn.)
Kalyan to cst what is this problem (sent from Elphinstone Road Stn.)
khopoli train kute ahe.....?? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
train status kay ahe.....15 to 20 min late last ahet...???? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
wat abt down trains? are they late (sent from Thane)
central me kya problem hai ? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
central me kya problem hai ? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
problem kya hua he??  (sent from Elphinstone Road Stn.)
please update current status... and those asking abt what has happened, have a look at liked chats... (sent from Mankhurd Stn.)
Or one of the dabba's might be carrying stuff that is needed to fix the issue in the train that has problem due to which all the trains are getting late
 what is the situation form cst to kalwa ?? any update (sent from Vidyavihar Stn.)
how abt kurla to dadar line? (sent from Govandi)
what's the status
is there any issue at central (sent from Mulund Stn.)
what's the status (sent from Andheri Stn.)
down slow trains are running? (sent from Vithalwadi)
please share current status of train between curry road and parel. issue resolved??? (sent from Nahur Stn.)
why fast trains are late today?? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
trains working properly? (sent from Andheri Stn.)
why trains are late today (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
why problem (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
Go to harbour line chat for that (sent from Nahur)
what is the current status of harbour line??
what is the problem  (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
what is current status. has the issue cleared (sent from Thane Stn.)
Are trains late in central line?  (sent from Mahim Jn Stn.)
what's the current status of central line (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
trains late? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
anything from Thane station? are trains on time? 
what happened but (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
What's the status now in central line? (sent from Vithalwadi)
what's the issue (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
how about down trains? (sent from Vithalwadi)
What happen in central line (sent from Kings Circle Stn.)
which train...timing? (sent from Thane)
THANE to csmt locals working or getting cancelled?  (sent from Mulund)
why are all trains being cancelled in thane? (sent from Thane Stn.)
what (sent from Gtb Nagar Stn.)
why trains from CSTM towards kalyan side are running late? (sent from Thane Stn.)
what u say (sent from Dombivli)
what's problem  (sent from Dombivli)
r u asking for central line or western ?? (sent from Badlapur)
where is khopoli train (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
what is happening!?  (sent from Kopar Stn.)
where is khopoli fast???? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
what is happening!?  (sent from Kopar Stn.)
where is dadar taine Ambernath 8.54 (sent from Ambernath Stn.)
now There is no Rain then also trains late without any reasions what happens to central line trains god knows (sent from Matunga Road Stn.)
what problem happened???? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
where is Kalyan 8.38  (sent from Kopar Stn.)
guys what about 9:07 Dadar slow.. please tell me  (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
mumbra mein kya haal hai doston????  (sent from Mumbra)
are fast trains late as well?? (sent from Matunga)
are train crowded ?
Why are trains late today?  (sent from Thane Stn.)
are train crowded?
status of trn? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
status of trn? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
what is status of kalyan to khopoli train 8:31
karjat fast status pls? (sent from Thane Stn.)
ghatkopar to thane trains?
why trains are late . any idea (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
Hi are train on time from thane to kurla?? 
Is there Any express train are cancelled?
why trains are late there is no announcement (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)
ट्रेन 25 मिनिट उशीरा का धावत आहेत.? (sent from Thakurli Stn.)
what problem (sent from Bhandup Stn.)
I want to travel to 2 destinations today lower parel and marine lines. I will take a ticket upto cstm will that be valid?
where is 8:49 kasara train from dadar at ? (sent from Dadar Stn.)
any problem at central line? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
9:02 Kalyan CST ? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
Where is 8.41 khopoli from ambarnath?  (sent from Ambernath Stn.)
what I status of slow train towards ghatkopar from thane (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
what about dom-cst train? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
why trains are delyed ?? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
r trains running on time?
where is khopoli train at present (sent from ulhas) (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)
why trains late  (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
8.25 thane -  Cst train running very slowly... delayed by more than 25 mins... anyone knows of any known issue today?  (sent from Matunga Road Stn.)
are trains coming on slow line??
Where is dombivali train (sent from Kopar Stn.)
Hi...what's the problem today at central Line? (sent from Mulund Stn.)
coming to kalyan now? (sent from Badlapur Stn.)
what about down side trains in central line 
what is the reason for delayed local 40-45 minutes (sent from Badlapur Stn.)
Bhandup to thane is slow ?!?  (sent from Bhandup Stn.)
what time is left from station (sent from Mulund Stn.)
Where is 9.7 Dadar train from kyn (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
why train late today? (sent from Andheri)
what time is left from station (sent from Mulund Stn.)
are all slow trains canceled towards dadar? (sent from Nahur)
Goodmorning as we all know today is gurupurnima so i just want we all  to do something good from today Please dont travell unnecessarily in the handicap coach as it is empty people who are special finding veryy difficulties during travel please have some Humanity😊😊😊 (sent from Mulund Stn.)
why are the trains late (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
where is asangoan train? (sent from Shahad Stn.)
yea.. but our bosses who travel by bike or car won't understand this (sent from Badlapur Stn.)
where is asangoan train? it reached kalyan or still in dombivali (sent from Shahad Stn.)
Vicky bro,what is this? (sent from Shahad)
What,abt train situations in  kalyan (sent from Kalyan)
But guys any reason the trains r late ?? (sent from Thane)
wat happened?
why trains are late today
R trains late today from kalyan ??
Central line running fine? (sent from Currey Road Stn.)
why trains r late. (sent from Thakurli Stn.)
what about slow and fast train (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
are fast trains running on time? (sent from Nahur)
is train that starts from ghatkopar at 9 16 on time ? (sent from Vidyavihar Stn.)
what about Dadar to CSMT train (sent from Shahad)
any thane local train?
what happened (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
hi what happened why train are delayed (sent from Kopar Stn.)
what is the reason?? (sent from Vikhroli)
what have an update to 7:30 am khopoli lacal (sent from Karjat Stn.)
Trains are late. . . .but what happened . . ??? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
what happened..???  train are late (sent from Kopar Stn.)
but what is issue ??? (sent from Kopar Stn.)
8.34 kalyan start? 
can railway management answer why is only central line screwed up daily... at least they should have courtesy to announce y trains are late.  (sent from Masjid Stn.)
what time ladies train fRom central railway (sent from Mumbra Stn.)
डोंबिवली स्टेशन मास्टर  नक्की काय समस्या झाली आहे ती सांगत नाही प्रवासानि नक्की करायचे काय ? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
what is position of badlapur-katjat down train? (sent from Badlapur Stn.)
what is the status of 9:29 badlapur csmt
what about shahad station (sent from Vithalwadi)
9:19 Ambernath...where is train???
where is 9.10 asangaon train???
is everythng alright st vashind station?
where (sent from Gtb Nagar Stn.)
what is the issue can anyone let me know (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
has anythng happened near vashind or titwala?
anyone plz let me know why trains are late . I am not getting any proper reason.😐😐 (sent from Badlapur)
reason anyone y slow trains r late? (sent from Mumbra Stn.)
trains kiti late ahet kalyan Varun?
where is 9.10 asangaon (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
where is asangaon local (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
where is 9.23 CSMT train (sent from Mumbra Stn.)
kalva ke liye koi train aa rhi h kya ?? (sent from Kalva Stn.)
Any news about kasara local...? 9.40 from shahad  (sent from Shahad Stn.)
9.38 from mulund is gone? (sent from Mulund Stn.)
9:47. kalyan dadar status? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
can I get all the stations stop from Ghatkopar to thane? (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)
what is the status of 9:39 badlapur 
I agree.... comparatively western line is smooth...only central and harbour faces all the problems... why so? (sent from Badlapur Stn.)
kya problem hai ?? (sent from Nahur)
train status????  (sent from Dativali)
Kalyan Dadar 15C fast left Kalyan? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
whare is the khopoli train now? (sent from Karjat Stn.)
late hai fir bhi frequency hai trains ki? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
what abt 9:14 Asangaon train at shahad (sent from Shahad Stn.)
dadar local from dombivli what's the status (sent from Kopar Stn.)
where is the 9:36 train now (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)
today what has happened.....all the train are delayed.... cancelled (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
are trains still slow? (sent from Kanjur Marg)
why trains are late (sent from Thane Stn.)
Any status on Kalyan Dadar 15 dabba?  (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
what is a position? same or worst? from Bhandup not yet started to station (sent from Bhandup)
is the position recovering??  (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
dombivlikars Kya haal hai crowd ka! Much rush? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
9.31 cst fast kaha hai? 
True.There are no quick updates on stations. Technical issues can always occur but Alteast there should proper updates like trains are late due to this reason by how much delay. Trains have been moving to fast track.How difficult is that for railway to announce proper updates.Pathetic announcements. (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
this is apathy of government. in such situation there should be announcement informing what is a problem and time it will approx. take to resolve. But so called decision makers stay at Colaba, and not bothered. they wait for RM to give them instruction.  (sent from Bhandup)
wats the position now? (sent from Thakurli Stn.)
what the controllers doing (sent from Byculla Stn.)
around 7.30 am in dadar station both locals up n down were on same track due to which the converging trains follows back to back also affecting fast track. (sent from Dativali)
what about 9:38 or 9:49 SF from Thakurli (sent from Thakurli Stn.)
why late central line train?? (sent from Ghatkopar)
why trains are late today  (sent from Masjid Stn.)
9:53 fast cst train ?  (sent from Mumbra)
reason kya hai late ka???? (sent from Ghatkopar)
9:53? (sent from Mumbra)
bhandup se thane side ki tarin chalu hai?? (sent from Bhandup Stn.)
kalyan to thane bhi issue hai kya?
what about vasai diva passenger?
no issue what so ever train come from kalyan to dadar at regular time (sent from Dadar Stn.)
what is the issue, why trains are running late ??
Rather tha  blaming the government, All of us can get togather and put an appeal (petition)to the government on what our needs are... there are rules we have to follow... unless we put this forward no one will help... atleat nothing will happen if matters are discussed just on this chat
Is 10:17 train from Kalyan to CST cancelled ??? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
kamyani express cancelle today or not
nyi....hum sab timepass ke liye chat kar rahe hai (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)
plz check most like chat section (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)
wbt ambernath fast train ??? (sent from Mulund Stn.)
vasai diva train is on time?? (sent from Bhiwandi Road)
trains time pe hai? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
Are the CST trains delayed by 20mins? (sent from Gtb Nagar Stn.)
where is the 10.26 ambernath cst fast train (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
why trains are late at kalva (sent from Kalva Stn.)
There is no Fast local between Thane CSMT route that goes on time any day.. Its sad :( (sent from Thane Stn.)
thane 10:23 cst slow kuthe ahe?? (sent from Thane Stn.)
where is 10.10 am csmt now.? (sent from Kalva Stn.)
why so rush and late trains.. (sent from Kalva Stn.)
is there any problem in Central line today. why  Badlapur to CSTM trains are running 25-30 min late. ? (sent from Badlapur Stn.)
what is status bout cst to dombivali (sent from Bandra)
i m from khadwali which train will arrive after 11.30 (sent from Shahad Stn.)
train status of 10.36 ambernath plz...  where is has reached  (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
what status of 10 37 slow trn  (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
11.22 karjat at kalyan 
where reached this train now 
aaj ka train itakya late? (sent from Ghatkopar)
where is 11.04 dombivli (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
fast train kuthe aahe?  (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
kurla to dadar koi problem?
does 11.18 thane train from mulund stn goes to karshej? (repair & maintenance) (sent from Mulund Stn.)
can anyone say if 11.18 thane train from mulund goes to karshej??? (repair and maintenance) (sent from Mulund Stn.)
slow trains are stopping at Currey road or not?  (sent from Sion Stn.)
why fast trians are late,  where is 11pm fast from dom?  (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
Trains are running late? plz tell me.  (sent from Vithalwadi Stn.)
where is 11.11 fast train now?? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
now where at which station (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
11:33 karjt from ambernath train kaha hai ????? 
train time pe hai Kay Kalyan too cst ? (sent from Kalyan)
why train are late today 
trains time pe hai Kay Kalyan too cst? (sent from Kalyan)
anybody there ? (sent from Kalyan)
ok thanks BT what about slow trains are they on time ? (sent from Kalyan)
what is current status of central train ?? (sent from Bandra)
what is train possition (sent from Khar Road Stn.)
what happen to Trains (sent from Churchgate)
hello what is status of train (sent from Dombivli)
??? (sent from Dombivli)
12:10 kasara fast is running on time ??? (sent from Thane)
where is kasara fast local plz tell me (sent from Thane)
time??? (sent from Titwala Stn.)
kya Kalyan se CSTM trains chal rahi hai? 
Thane to cst tain chalu hai?? (sent from Bandra)
where is Karjat CsT fast local now
Cst fast train kaha hai??? anyone tell pls (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
anyone in dombivli station now??? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
where is 11:58 train from dombivali (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
y r trains late today so much????? (sent from Vithalwadi)
http://dhunt.in/4nCtd?s=a&ss=wsp (sent from Badlapur Stn.)
why are the trains not on time? what is the issue? (sent from Mulund Stn.)
what about 12 22 from badlapur (sent from Vithalwadi)
12.01 karajat to cst fast kaha pohochi hai? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
cst trains kuchh problem hai kya? (sent from Vidyavihar Stn.)
what's the cause of delay towards CST slow trains? (sent from Matunga Road Stn.)
where is 1.14 cst fast from Thane 
Are trains to Kalyan/Khopoli side running on time?! 
आता बुलेट ट्रेन येणार का? नाहीतर रोज लेट ट्रैन आहेच। (sent from Kalyan)
please update status of trains how late are they running 
On Which Station Has Kasara CST Fast Local Reached (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
what's train status from dombivali towards CSTM station
and what about slow trains from dombivali to CSTM
is it arrived on shahad or not ? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
Where's the current fight going on (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
1.38 ka Dom to cstm fast  chuta kya? 
badlapur me train kyu band he ? (sent from Badlapur Stn.)
abhi kaha hai? (sent from Nahur)
delays?
anyone know where is 2:04 Thane - kasara train ? (sent from Thane Stn.)
what ia update of 2.13 kalyan-cst fast train (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
what's the express status from kalyan to pune?
kurla jane ke liye train hai kya ?? (sent from Kalyan)
2:19 ki kasara kidhar he..?? (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)
thane to badlapur 1.06 ki train mai koi problem huva hai kya?
kasara local on time hai kya?
badlapur se fast trn kalyan tak pochi kya.??
badlapur la kiti vel zala train nahi aali?
 Thane badalapur train chalu ahe ka??
kasara pareyent lokal chalky aa he ka?
What is status of central line train??? (sent from Mumbra Stn.)
is central line for Kasara running on time?? (sent from Mahalakshmi)
where is thane train (sent from Matunga Road Stn.)
Thane 4:13 from Dadar
cancelled or what? (sent from Dadar Stn.)
where is Dadar-Badlapur ( 4.13 from Dadar) train (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
trains are working between airoli to thane or not?
where is 4.11's karjat. it hasnot arrived @ badlapur (sent from Badlapur Stn.)
anyone please tell y r central railways trains running so late today? (sent from Shahad)
are trains running on time from dadar to kalyan ?  (sent from Santa Cruz)
mulund stn p konsi train lagi hai on plt 1?? (sent from Mulund Stn.)
status of trains ??
which is slow train now for dombivli
5:38 fast towards cst from Kalyan on time?
Thane - csmt fast on time aahet ka? (sent from Airoli Stn.)
kasara to CST local on time?
are trains on time ?
hi any one please tell me can I book local train tickets through mobile app ???
6:16 Panvel train plat form ? (sent from Andheri Stn.)
Is all central lines  train  are on time? 
are trains running fine from CST?
is khopoli CST on time from khopoli?
what is the structure of 12 car local train please upload a picture for the new bees to let us understand where and how many ladies coaches are their in a 12 car local.
is tomorrow morning train for khopoli on time? 
today central line train on time ???
kasara is on time?? (sent from Dadar Stn.)
?? (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)
cstm to kalyan train ?? (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)
thane karjat 5;43  where it is.  (sent from Badlapur Stn.)
Is there any train issue from Parel towards Thane?  (sent from Elphinstone Road)
when is 7 22 ambernath from vikroli? (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)
rajya rani express nikli kya cst se?  (sent from Thane Stn.)
 6:54 khopoli is on time from badlapur? (sent from Bhivpuriroad)
train from thane to dadar running smoothly? (sent from Ghansoli)
vidya vihar to gatkopar train chalu hai kya??
where is kalyan train? (sent from Thane Stn.)
where is kalyan train? (sent from Thane Stn.)
train from panvel to dahanu is on time?  (sent from Mumbra)
how much delay in kopar  (sent from Mumbra)
how much delay in kopar  (sent from Mumbra)
what's status of Kasara at Ghatkopar? Is on time?
7.53 time pe hai kya..??! (sent from Elphinstone Road Stn.)
7.54 badlapur where? (sent from Thane Stn.)
are slow trains late again?? (sent from Dadar Stn.)
give me update kalyan 15 cars..? (sent from Thane Stn.)
whr is the fast train towards cst ?? did it reached thane (sent from Nahur)
where is 8.27titwala from thane?  (sent from Ghansoli Stn.)
From Thane 8.28 Badlapur slow train any update ? (sent from Badlapur)
how much crowd in thane
how much crowd in thane for dombivili fast (sent from Byculla Stn.)
wat abt 8.43 kasara trn? (sent from Thane Stn.)
852 ghatkopar Thane on time?
tu Kalyan se ambernath on time Gaya kya dost ?
9:27 Khopoli from Thane.. where has this train reached?  (sent from Thane Stn.)
kalyan train 8.42 from cstm...where has this train reached? (sent from Mumbra Stn.)
kasara train status kya h sahi m?
when its come to thane
 Kalyan 15 dabba train move bhaykala? (sent from Dadar Stn.)
anyone tell me Kalyan fast status kya h?
kal megablock he central line par? (sent from Kalamboli)
sunday mujhe neral jana hai.pls dadar se neral ke train ka timing bataye??
आसनगाव कि ओर जानेवाली लोकल ट्रेने समय पर चल रही है क्या? 
train is goin on time ???
train's late hai ya on time hai ? Kalyan se
are all trains on tym from cstm ? (sent from Bhayander)
?
central line par local on time chal rahi hai kya??? Kurla (sent from Kurla)
central railway train status departing from cst ? (sent from Bhayander)
hi Bhandup to Matunga trains are on time or not ? (sent from Bhandup)
what is the status of trains (sent from Bhandup)
are the trains working????
Hi are trains on time for CST? (sent from Diva Jn)
today's central line status? (sent from Kurla)
are trains running from kanjur station to Dadar? Dadar to charchgate? please confirm?
Trains are delayed how many minutes (sent from Vikhroli)
is it ok to travel today by trains?  (sent from Nerul Stn.)
Trains are there?  (sent from Dombivli)
trains are late by how much time?
what about kalyan cst  (sent from Thakurli Stn.)
are trains running on time?  (sent from Mulund)
what about byculla stn  (sent from Chinchpokli Stn.)
whether trains are on time from vithalwadi to dadar? (sent from Vithalwadi)
is train on time from kalyan to CST?? (sent from Kalyan)
what is the train  position (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
is all trains are in time ?? (sent from Nahur)
bcoz of rain train's are on-time no or late?  diva to cst (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)
are trains r working on time?  (sent from Thakurli)
what about rains today
are trains on time? from vikhroli
train status from baflapur to dadar?? (sent from Badlapur)
hi good morning! central line is working? (sent from Badlapur)
are the trains working ? (sent from Thakurli)
train status from badlapur to dombivli ?? (sent from Badlapur)
which train. Is this Titwala (sent from Ghatkopar)
hi train time pe h kya sr dom to kalyan ke liye ? (sent from Kopar)
status on Central line tains? (sent from Airoli Stn.)
are trains working on time??? (sent from Thakurli)
is any of the station flooded at mumbai side ahead to thane (sent from Dombivli)
are the trains on time???? (sent from Vikhroli)
Are trains are on time??? (sent from Nahur)
those who r at stations right now plz answer the questions... everyone is just asking questions only... (sent from Thakurli)
csmt side जानेवाले ट्रेन time पर है क्या??
still now?? (sent from Koparkhairne Stn.)
what's the situation in Thane? (sent from Ghansoli)
trains on time? (sent from Goregaon)
train is running or not?
what's the situation in Thane to Cst line (sent from Ghansoli)
train is on time?
Deccan train is on time..?? (sent from Andheri Stn.)
train updates?
trains r on time ? (sent from Mumbra Stn.)
traim on time from kalyan to CSMT ?  (sent from Dativali)
hello all is central locals are on time?
by how much time?
train chalu ahet ka?  (sent from Kalva)
it's raining Mumbai??  (sent from Vangani Stn.)
from asangaon ??? (sent from Shahad)
trains are running on time?  (sent from Vithalwadi Stn.)
train from kalyan to CST ? (sent from Kalyan)
trains chal Rahi hai kya??? ya chutti mare??? (sent from Dombivli)
Train timing var aahet ka?
 is there is any train running upto sion ? (sent from Diva Jn)
train position between mulund to kurla? right time or late? (sent from Mulund Stn.)
you know what is the sad part? having all your processors living in all 3 diff lines. so if they reach you can't give a reason. (sent from Ghatkopar)
on time train in work? (sent from Kanjur Marg)
should i go to sion today? (sent from Diva Jn)
plane crash again? (sent from Dombivli)
??
kitna late chal rahi h trains??
but if a plane can crash. what can we say about trains. you never know (sent from Ghatkopar)
trains late ahe ka?? time varti ahet (sent from Kanjur Marg)
? (sent from Bhandup)
central line train on the time? (sent from Bhandup)
what is central Railway status? (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)
what about dombivli station?
Are trains running on time towards Kalyan ? 
??? (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)
any train delay due to rain?
my boss be like working hours are 10 with Saturdays working and no hike but you still coming right? (sent from Byculla)
from kalyan locals towards cst ? (sent from Shahad)
? (sent from Bhandup)
what is the status of central line (sent from Dadar)
karjat to cst fast on time? (sent from Kalyan)
hiii what is status in today
what about kasara train it is running (sent from Thane Stn.)
any train issues? (sent from Dombivli)
Bewakufi hogi, aise toh hat Saal 20, 25 chutti ye 3 mahine mai lagegi
bhai log what is train status??  running on time  (sent from Dombivli)
sagale gharich aahat kay (sent from Titwala)
are the trains in time ? from ghatkopar to CST ?
kunich status nahi pathwat aahat (sent from Titwala)
ट्रेन वेळेवर आहेत काय? (sent from Thane Stn.)
Are central line trains on time??? (sent from Mulund)
Kurla ? (sent from Tilak Nagar Stn.)
trains r working properly..? (sent from Marine Lines Stn.)
what's the status of Central line...!  (sent from Koparkhairne)
are central trains running on time?  (sent from Thane)
Train for thane from dadar os on time ? (sent from Mulund)
what's the current train status (sent from Nahur)
are the trains towards cst running on time? (sent from Kalva)
train towards Thane running? (sent from Marine Lines)
train running or not
क्या रेल समय पर हैं । ? सी एस एम टी की ओर आणेवली  (sent from Vikhroli)
karjat fast reached kalyan ? (sent from Shahad Stn.)
what about sion? 
whats the status of central line ??? (sent from Badlapur)
what is the current train status
is trains running regular? (sent from Dombivli)
is 6:46 cst on time? (sent from Thane)
is train Running Properly ??( sent from Thakurli) (sent from Thakurli)
Thanks for Update..are trains running on tym ? (sent from Nilje)
where is fast train 6:12 from Kalyan to csmt (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)
by how much time are trains late (sent from Dombivli)
how long are the trains late have to go to marol (sent from Kalyan)
Trains are on time ??????? (sent from Bhandup)
pls. advice if Dombivali to CSmt trains are running on time? (sent from Dombivli)
status of up trains from Dombivli? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
 is trains are late from csmt?  (sent from Elphinstone Road Stn.)
train schedule on time ?? (sent from Rabale Stn.)
trains time pe hai ya any issue? (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)
Any delays so far due to rains?  (sent from Bhandup Stn.)
ghatkoper to thane trains on time?
are trains are on time from thane to dadar? (sent from Kalva)
are trains on time?? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
ठाणे?? (sent from Matunga Road)
6.52 Amb local left from kyn? (sent from Ambernath Stn.)
is there any problem of train? (sent from Parel)
shahad to Thane trains are on time? 
What is the status of trains between Kalyan to dadar ? (sent from Thakurli)
what is the status for the trains from sion to thane? (sent from Gtb Nagar)
What is status of trains from bhandup to kurla? (sent from Bhandup Stn.)
दादर से कुर्ला ट्रेन सुरू आहेत का?  (sent from Parel)
is the sion to thane line fine?
trains running in time or what? (sent from Dombivli)
 Thank you.  Do we see any water logging? (sent from Bhandup)
what's the status of trains from Thane to csmt?
train status from Mulund tkwards Kalyan?
 what is the status of ulhasnagar to ghatkopar status??? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
trains from dadar to shahad? on time? (sent from Kandivali)
wat abt trains from CST to Kalyan, running on time? any water log issues in between? (sent from Mahim Jn Stn.)
 water logging? (sent from Bhandup Stn.)
bro what about mumbra station 
can anybody update the status of kalyan station? (sent from Shahad Stn.)
are the trains late in central line? (sent from Bhandup)
are train running in time? (sent from Thane)
byculla to vikhroli working? (sent from Mumbai Central)
savio, delayed by how much time...?  (sent from Koparkhairne)
are train workin or is it late wid crowd??
are Trains running in time? (sent from Thane)
are trains on time from Dombivli?
are train on time in central line? (sent from Shahad)
What about Thane to CST trains (sent from Thane)
what's the situation at Thane, Ghatkopar, Kurla Dadar stations?
how u know  (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
what about train dive to dadar (sent from Dativali)
what  is the status of trains from byculla to thane? are trains late? and will the trains stop if it continues to rain the same? (sent from Byculla)
trains from cst to thane?
trains from cst to thane???
trains from thane to CST are on time?
trains are working from Badlapur?
trains late ?
what is the status about central line . (sent from Rabale)
is it raining heavily everywhere?  (sent from Mulund)
kurla…? (sent from Badlapur)
journey from thane to bandra is easy or not trains r late or not?
has water logged anywhere?  (sent from Mulund)
what's the status for trains from CSTM to Thane?  (sent from Mahalakshmi Stn.)
what is the status of kurla station?
is it safe to travel from Thane to cst?  (sent from Mulund)
bhai dombivili mei barish hai kya??
hi Trains are running late?
7.22 CST fast? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
is the 9:02 kalyan-cstm will be crowded?
iss   train is late between Sion to Thane ????? (sent from Sion Stn.)
any water logging between Thane to Kalyan? (sent from Badlapur)
toward cst ट्रेन्स are late?
I want to go from Thane to Dadar , can I get train from thane??? (sent from Thane Stn.)
are the trains running on proper time?  (sent from Cst)
how are the trains running from Kanjurmarg to CST? Can someone plz inform? (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)
where is 07:20am Ambernath  (sent from Kurla Stn.)
are the trains running on proper time? (sent from Masjid Stn.)
Dadar Kurla trains status pl.? (sent from Mahalakshmi)
are the trains running on time? (sent from Cst)
what about dadar to Thane trains (sent from Khar Road Stn.)
thane to kurla is train running? 
train on time ? (sent from Diva Jn)
is it raining anywhere in central ?
central line local train is on time ? (Mumbai to Kalyan) (sent from Dombivli)
kurla to thane is train running on time? (sent from Kurla)
from dadar to Thane are trains running?
what about byculla to ghatkopar situation  (sent from Byculla Stn.)
whts thw status between sion to thane? (sent from Sion Stn.)
what about Kurla Sion train status  (sent from Khandeshwar)
lets update how was train working
what is the status of from ambernath to cst (sent from Ambernath)
what abt today late train
train to ambernath are running...?
Is the any type of waterlogging in Byculla?? Are the trains running on time ? (sent from Lower Parel)
cst to Thane? (sent from Currey Road)
r trains running on time?? 
I have to travel from Vikhroli to Thane around 10 am, Will i be getting train or should look for some alternatives? (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)
hi are trains running? (sent from Govandi)
are trains running on schedule???
Thane status? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
what is train status? (sent from Airoli)
are trains running on time? (sent from Vithalwadi)
trains status from thane to CST anyone pls?
are trains running on time ....due to rain???
are trains working? (sent from Kurla Stn.)
Trains running on time?  (sent from Byculla Stn.)
thane to grant road is there any water clogging?
central line local trains is on time ?? (sent from Koparkhairne Stn.)
what's position between Kurla and Matunga (sent from Matunga Road)
what is the status towards thane (sent from Andheri)
What is the status of today's running train's (sent from Vikhroli)
vashi to cst. ??? (sent from Mankhurd)
trains are running???? (sent from Koparkhairne)
is train are running? Thane to cst (sent from Koparkhairne)
what is status of today bhandup station  (sent from Jogeshwari)
what about trains from cst to thane?? 
trains from kurla to currey road are on time or slow? (sent from Vashi)
what is the status of trains toward CST? (sent from Kanjur Marg)
What is the status of today's running train. (sent from Vithalwadi)
trains from sion to thane running on time??
train status for kalwa station???
parel trains are running??? (sent from Thane Stn.)
trains are on time??
and what a out towards Thane is it working? (sent from Kanjur Marg)
8.32 Asangoan train in mulund timle or not
8.32 Asangoan train in mulund timle or not
central railway running on time or stop?? (sent from Goregaon Stn.)
is central railway on time?
what is train status (sent from Koparkhairne)
what is train status (sent from Koparkhairne)
what's the status from thane (sent from Thane Stn.)
ghatkopar to CST  what's the status  (sent from Ghatkopar)
hi all.. how is central train status (sent from Dockyard Road Stn.)
what the status of central line 
what is status  for central train
ghatkopar to thane train on time....???? (sent from Ghatkopar)
what is kurla to thane train status? 
trains r on time or not
any updates from Dombivali to CST trains?? 
what about Dombivli?
heavy rain in mumbai??? (sent from Kalyan)
any updates for Dadar to ambernath?? (sent from Borivali)
how r trains beyond kurla (sent from Ghatkopar)
thane status?  (sent from Nerul Stn.)
trains from kurla to dadar are ok...?? (sent from Tilak Nagar)
ambernath local?  (sent from Kalva Stn.)
kalyan to thane train on time hain kya?  (sent from Nahur Stn.)
are trains on time ? (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
what about CSMT TO kasara
towards cst trains are working?? (sent from Chunabhatti)
Central trains running on time????  (sent from Mulund)
guys what's the position of trains tiwards CST from Kurla (sent from Kurla Stn.)
ट्रेन्स चालू आहेत का? डोंबिवलीला जायचं आहे (sent from Bhandup)
kurla me pani bhara h qa dost?
are train running on time?? (sent from Kurla)
what's the situation of trains
what is the status of Thane - CST train services (sent from Mulund)
what is the stats of thane - dadar trains ?  (sent from Airoli)
what is the status of 8:10 khopoli train from thane (sent from Airoli Stn.)
train status? (sent from Nilje)
status of train from Kanjurmarg? (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)
r train on time from Kalwa???  (sent from Kalva)
What is the status of train from thane to cst
status of train from Kanjurmarg? (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)
train status? (sent from Nilje)
status of train from Kanjurmarg? (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)
are the train running correct time?
really whr r u now? (sent from Mahim Jn)
is there rain in Mumbai (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
is there rain in Mumbai (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
r train on time from Kalwa??? 
train status? (sent from Nilje)
r train on time from Kalwa???  (sent from Kalva)
CST to thane trains status? (sent from Byculla Stn.)
karjat side train status..??? (sent from Kalyan)
kurla to dadar train time pe chal rhi hai kya?? (sent from Kurla)
Is there ia any delay from Karat to CST line? (sent from Badlapur)
what is train status ?? (sent from Nahur)
thane to cst train chalu hai kya time pe?
What's the status from Sion to Churchgate (sent from Chunabhatti Stn.)
train status from cst to thane ??
Hello anyone traveling from mumbra ??? please update
is there any block on central line?
seriously??  (sent from Kanjur Marg)
slow trains status nahur to csmt??? (sent from Nahur Stn.)
train chal raha hai ya thap pad gaya??? (sent from Mulund Stn.)
thane to csmt status? (sent from Bhiwandi Road)
friends what is the situation of trains from ghatkopar to csmt (sent from Ghatkopar)
what abt sion (sent from Sion Stn.)
anyone running from mumbra ????
trains running on time towards thane?? (sent from Bhandup Stn.)
what is status of train in from thane to cst
ट्रेन सुरु आहे का ?कुर्ला ते ठाणे (sent from Ghatkopar)
train from cst to ghatkopar??  (sent from Churchgate Stn.)
is there train towrds sion
hz d condition of vidhyavihar station? (sent from Bhandup Stn.)
?  (sent from Kurla Stn.)
how's kurla Sion 
8.6 ki local shahad se nikli kya?? (sent from Shahad)
titwala to Dadar train on time ?? (sent from Titwala Stn.)
what is status of train??
from kurla to nahur..  wats the status?  (sent from Mankhurd)
Train chalu aahet ka?? (sent from Diva Jn)
Western line got stuck.. what is the status of central line (sent from Elphinstone Road Stn.)
are train running from thane to CST ?? (sent from Rabale)
what is the situation of trains from dadar towards thane (sent from Andheri)
central train chal rahi h Kya??? (sent from Ghatkopar)
are the central railway trains on time? (sent from Thane)
waterlogging at sion station? (sent from Elphinstone Road)
trains are running on schedule ???(Kanjurmarg)
trains running or not
panvel to kulra /thane ?
Dombivali Status??? (sent from Dombivli)
anyone running from mumbra??????
train running on time or not
can any1 update on central line train?? is it working on time or late?? (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)
what is status abt ght to csmt (sent from Ghatkopar)
is there any problem from Kurla to CST? 
kanjurmarg station kasa ahe? (sent from Rabale)
what is status of Central line 
how the trains are working?  (sent from Dadar Stn.)
Mumbra to thane everything moving well or not?
central railway running in time or not? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
Central working? (sent from Nerul)
are u sure??which bride?
what is the status between kurla n thane (sent from Chembur)
is the train for vikroli running? (sent from Charni Road)
train status???
kurla to vikhroli status anyone? (sent from Mankhurd)
WESTARN LAIN ANEY PROBLAM ???  वेश्टन लाईनला काही प्रोब्लम आहे का ???
trains are shutting down ???? (sent from Vidyavihar Stn.)
बदलापूर ते ठाणे ट्रेनची सद्यस्थिती काय आहे?? (sent from Sanpada Stn.)
what's  (sent from Vikhroli)
Dadar to mumbra train Aahe Ka running??? (sent from Mumbai Central)
train chalu hai kya ? (sent from Dombivli)
WESTARN LAIN ANEY PROBLAM ???  वेश्टन लाईनला काही प्रोब्लम आहे का ???
what is the status from Chembur to kurla (sent from Chembur)
are Trains running today?? (sent from Dadar Stn.)
what's the matter with western line? (sent from Grant Road)
Panvel to Andheri train are running or not?
7.6 from Badlapur ten kute pohachliy?
kanjurg to thane? 
?? (sent from Nerul)
thane to dadar status kya hai ? (sent from Airoli Stn.)
What is condition local dombivali (sent from Kopar Stn.)
really ?? whennn
status for sion?? (sent from Sion Stn.)
i have my interview in thane should i consider going by train today ?  (sent from Sandhurst Road)
can anybody plz tell wat is status of Vikhroli stn?? (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)
hie is train running or not? (sent from Masjid)
from thane to dadar?
are slow trains functional in central line ? (sent from Chembur)
what is the status kalyan tran (sent from Elphinstone Road)
is it true? (sent from Currey Road)
What is the status for vikhroli station? (sent from Charni Road)
is khopoli train 8:30 from kalyan on time?
kurla to currey road on time or delayed? (sent from Sanpada)
what about Kalyan to Ghatkopar (sent from Titwala Stn.)
Is metro functioning from Ghatkopar to Andheri? (sent from Thakurli Stn.)
karjat train is on time? (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)
what is the status of train from Thane to CST
Are trains running towards cst ?
otherwise trains working fine in all lines?  (sent from Govandi Stn.)
Thane???  (sent from Thane Stn.)
any idea about Than Vashi route? (sent from Borivali)
what is train status from amb (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
what about panvel nerul trains?
is dombivli local 8.15 on time?
updates for down track local? (sent from Sion Stn.)
what about Thane CST (sent from Kalva)
Kurla Ghatkopar any idea? (sent from Cst)
koperkhirane to andheri  javu shakto ka ?? (sent from Koparkhairne Stn.)
r trains running on time? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
are train running on time? (sent from Kalyan)
what about Dadar to Kalyan  (sent from Borivali)
From Thane???  (sent from Thane Stn.)
from where
kurla to curry road?
from thane to byculla ? (sent from Koparkhairne Stn.)
hey I've interview in Thane.Looking at train status shoul I go or not?
Harbour and Central both?  (sent from Govandi Stn.)
is thane to cst route running fine?
thane to cst? (sent from Bhandup)
train thane to csmt?? (sent from Kalva)
what's the status of central line from thane to dadar (sent from Thane Stn.)
I want to go Koparkhairane from Dhule, Maharashtra.....kaise janeka?
central line train running on time??? (sent from Thane)
Trains are runnig on time??
train late hai kya ??? (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
Sion to Dadar status? (sent from Goregaon)
is this train working towards CST ?? (sent from Ghansoli)
traina running on time central line? (sent from Bhandup)
Trains are on time or not ?
??  (sent from Sandhurst Road Stn.)
is train running between byculla to thane?  (sent from Byculla)
cst se thane tk train chalu hai kya? (sent from Masjid)
is train on time..? (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)
from ??
train dadar to balapur is on time? (sent from Kings Circle)
what's about kalyan to cst  (sent from Vithalwadi)
kabhi se?  (sent from Govandi Stn.)
what about train for goregoan ? (sent from Bhandup Stn.)
what is the status of trains is it on time
what is the status for Sion to ghatkopar trains? (sent from Sion Stn.)
what the issue about karjat khopoli train (sent from Karjat)
are the fast trains running properly from Dadar...?
those Who are traveling to western line please do not travel by train  (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
why (sent from Kalva Stn.)
What is central line status? (sent from Grant Road)
why (sent from Kings Circle Stn.)
badlapur to than???? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
train are on time ???(sent from Dombivli ) (sent from Dombivli)
nerul to thane? (sent from Nerul)
Dombivli keliye train hai kya?  (sent from Vile Parle Stn.)
train are on time??
pakka na??  (sent from Mulund)
Bro any update on current status from Dombivali to CST ? (sent from Mumbra)
is train working on time?  (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)
are the train running properly?? (sent from Dativali)
Train working or Not? (sent from Kurla Stn.)
from Mumbra train is on time?
update when u reach kurla  (sent from Airoli Stn.)
central line ? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
trains R running on time at CR? (sent from Nerul Stn.)
train chalu hai kya central ke? (sent from Bhandup)
dadar k aage train nahi hai kya on central line? (sent from Mulund Stn.)
dadar se ambarnhat trin let he kya  (sent from Thane)
what is the status at kurla stn
Train status from shahad  to mulund ???
all those who are saying train is running properly. pls! Don't listen to them  (sent from Kanjur Marg)
thane to Dadar train status?????
Sion to thane trains  working?
Any News about ghatkopar station? 
then what is the status (sent from Bhandup)
train status  dadar to jogeswari ? (sent from Kurla Stn.)
train chalu ahe k?? (sent from Nahur)
trains wirking ok? 
train status from thane? 
goregaon to cst local status ? (sent from Malad)
r train on time from Kalwa???  (sent from Kalva)
is there any iSsue @ western railway (sent from Thakurli)
what ststude virar train..
hello what the status of train between kalyan to thane  (sent from Vithalwadi)
ghat kopar to csmt train chalu hai ? (sent from Ghatkopar)
is trains are on time? (sent from Vidyavihar)
what about trains From ghatkopar to csmt? 
are d western line running properly?
Western Railways services are normal?  
what about from ulhasnagar to thane
any update on Central line trains? (sent from Badlapur)
thane to CST is clear or not
what is the case from Badlapur to cst
what about bhandup to cst (sent from Bhandup)
status in thane? (sent from Kalva Stn.)
Train from Kalyan to CST running properly ?
Is train running from thane to cst?
what about thane to cst (sent from Koparkhairne Stn.)
what's the status on Dombivli station?? 
shahad se train hai kya? (sent from Shahad Stn.)
please do reply....i have interview at vikhroli....is it safe to go? (sent from Chinchpokli Stn.)
are trains running ?? (sent from Thane Stn.)
Trains status for kasara line? (sent from Dadar)
how delayed are trains from Ambarnath to cst? 
Ambernath to Ghatkopar status? running okay?? koi problem toh nahi hai nah?
what is the position of Ghatkopar to CST of train (sent from Ghatkopar)
thought the trns r late bt r they running properly till cst? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
Are trains running on time from badlapur? (sent from Badlapur Stn.)
what is the status of Sion station? (sent from Malad Stn.)
what about dombivali Station  (sent from Thakurli)
dadar to badlapur train is on time? (sent from Kings Circle)
what is train status  (sent from Shahad)
wt abt nerul to kalyan route?
kya status h thane Kaa?  paani bhara h kyaa?  (sent from Thakurli Stn.)
any delays on central? (sent from Kalyan)
Sion status? (sent from Sion)
central line shuru hai kya? (sent from Koparkhairne Stn.)
what is the status  (sent from Khar Road Stn.)
what is the status of Thane -CST (sent from Airoli)
dombivli doing fine? (sent from Kopar)
OK aur train ka status Kya hai? 
What abt sion? (sent from Airoli Stn.)
what is the position of sion
is vadala to bandra train running?  (sent from Juinagar)
what's the of trains at Titwala  (sent from Titwala Stn.)
Are trains from Thane to kurla on time?
what about titwala to CST line (sent from Ambivli Stn.)
what is status of train from ghatkopar to thane
are trains from Bhandup running? (sent from Bhandup Stn.)
is there train runing on time frm kurla to kalyan  (sent from Tilak Nagar Stn.)
what is the status for Trains of Central line 
Central from thane to cst running? (sent from Mulund)
?? (sent from Ghatkopar)
what about kalyan to thane status
are you sure. from which station? is the whole line shut? (sent from Goregaon Stn.)
central line status? (sent from Airoli)
anyone at Mulund. what is the status of trains on Central line (sent from Mulund)
status from shahad? (sent from Shahad)
ghatkopar to cst station is working?  (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
central railway? (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
Sion se Dadar?
thane to vashi....???? (sent from Nahur Stn.)
what about badlapur csmt status (sent from Badlapur)
what's status of train from thane to ghatkopar (sent from Koparkhairne)
trains from shahad? running? (sent from Shahad)
trains running from cst to thane?
central line is running or not
are trains on time?
what is the status between thane to kalyan?
hi what is the status of trains right now
anyone at Sion? (sent from Sion)
badlapur status ? (sent from Badlapur)
are trains of central line running? (sent from Bhandup Stn.)
Kalyan to Thane trains are in time or late ? (sent from Thakurli)
Central Line good....? (sent from Titwala Stn.)
shahad? (sent from Shahad)
Hi Is this Train working from ghatkoper to Thane?
whats the status of trains from mulund cst?
status? (sent from Kalyan)
any update from titwala to cstm....? (sent from Titwala Stn.)
central??
any update on metros? (sent from Sion Stn.)
what's the update kurla Dadar
how are the trains functioning (sent from Nahur)
trains?? (sent from Airoli Stn.)
what about local train on central line...is it running??
what is the status of central line local trains ?
where did bridge collapse? (sent from Vikhroli)
what is about harbour  (sent from Thakurli)
Which bridge? (sent from Kalyan)
what happen to central line is it normal or stopped(
is trains raining from kalyan to sion?s
what about Kurla station stAtus (sent from Govandi Stn.)
how is central line?
what's rain and train updates from kalyan to dadar (sent from Badlapur Stn.)
are u sure bro trains aint goib further ?? (sent from Vadala Road)
Kurla to Borivali train travel is possible? (sent from Vashi Stn.)
but trains are working? (sent from Cst)
is there anyone from Vikhrol..how is it from Vikhroli to up side.??? (sent from Vikhroli)
mumbra to cst is train running properly? 
how abt water logging in Kurla & Sion ???  (sent from Nahur)
hi Sankar. are trains working at vidyavihar? (sent from Cst)
qmulund to titwala train on time?
are trains running slow? I am kurla  I need to go to thane
thane - kurla route ? 
what is status of central line
train time pe h? (sent from Kalyan)
is 🚆 running properly in between Parel to kanjur? (sent from Elphinstone Road)
what is the status of central railway (sent from Virar)
should i travel to andheri?  (sent from Kanjur Marg)
no train is in motion.... it's too late why? (sent from Andheri Stn.)
trains are running from badalapur? (sent from Badlapur)
where (sent from Ghatkopar)
what is the status from vikhroli to CST ?  (sent from Vikhroli)
central line is on or not 
THANE TO CST WHAT IS STATUS ?  (sent from Rabale)
what is status of train... (sent from Kurla Stn.)
Trains r working or not?? (sent from Byculla Stn.)
certral train r on time or not
trains working?  (sent from Chinchpokli Stn.)
what about Andheri to Cst...? (sent from Jogeshwari)
is central line working ?  (sent from Charni Road Stn.)
I have to travel from ambernath to Thane. is train are on time ??? (sent from Ambernath Stn.)
central line working well? sent from thane
what is status on central and Trans harbour line ? (sent from Mulund Stn.)
guys what is the situation and metro from ghatkopar (sent from Kalva)
is it safe to travel from Mulund to Dadar ? (sent from Mulund)
is the train delayed for central line too? (sent from Masjid Stn.)
judian?  (sent from Vithalwadi)
borivali to mumbai central working? (sent from Kandivali)
are trains working from mulund to Kalyan? (sent from Mulund Stn.)
Badlapur to cst ? (sent from Badlapur)
8.47 to karjat frm ambarnath is it on time? (sent from Ambernath)
what is the status of dadar to thane trains (sent from Bandra)
cst to kurla? any update...... (sent from Marine Lines Stn.)
are the trains on time? 
WR has already declares holiday by collapsing bridge at Andheri , Don't know when CR will understand the same for us😢 (sent from Badlapur)
? (sent from Bandra)
cst to thane?? (sent from Nahur)
which status in Central line (sent from Tilak Nagar)
thane to vashi?
Trains r working or not?? (sent from Byculla Stn.)
what is the status of Train from Thane
vashi to chembur train running kar rahi hai kya?  (sent from Rabale)
are central railway working or not ? (sent from Bhandup)
how delayed?
what r the position (sent from Dombivli)
are the trains on time...??
Thane to parel status? (sent from Kalva)
? (sent from Bhandup Stn.)
karjat train running? (sent from Dadar Stn.)
how is train running (sent from Mulund)
 is water logging in Sion affected train schedule? (sent from Mulund)
status of trans harbour thane panvel???? (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
what is the train status of badalapur 
thane to asangaon.... status ?
cst se karjat chalu h kya? (sent from Airoli Stn.)
what is status for thane to ghatkoper (sent from Rabale)
cst to Kurla? any updates on current status.... (sent from Marine Lines Stn.)
trains from Kurla to Thane??? how late?? (sent from Santa Cruz)
how much delayed vasind to kasara train  (sent from Vasind Stn.)
hey...whats train status from thane?
train status from thane to csmt???  (sent from Bhandup)
train position between vidhyavihar to mulund? in time a late? (sent from Mulund Stn.)
trains are running alright between Thane to Kalyan?
status of central line ? (sent from Chembur)
train status from byculla to Thane ? (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)
is central line working ????? (sent from Nilje)
train position from thane station?
Currey Road to Vikroli Trains chalu ahet ka? (sent from Lower Parel)
central line kb bnd ho rha h? (sent from Mulund Stn.)
any update for ghatkopar to thane?
what about central line? (sent from Thane Stn.)
badalpur thane?? (sent from Badlapur)
trains are running alright between Thane to Kalyan? (sent from Bhandup)
what is the status from Matunga to Vikhroli? (sent from Matunga Stn.)
train status kya hai? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
dadr to cst train status?  (sent from Kopar Stn.)
dombivli to ghatkopar late ? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
is thane CSTM running properly? 
Byculla to Dadar ? (sent from Mumbai Central Stn.)
is trains running on time from matunga to vikroli ?  (sent from Kings Circle Stn.)
heavy rains at bhandup.....are trains working from bhandup to cst?? (sent from Nahur)
Mulund se curry road? (sent from Mulund)
ppl who don't wanna go to the ofc are praying hard (sent from Kopar Stn.)
trains working from ambernath to cst slow?
Byculla to Vikhroli? (sent from Byculla)
train is on time or running slow ?
Trains from Vidhyavihaar to Parel ? (sent from Vidyavihar)
are trains working? (sent from mulund)  (sent from Mulund Stn.)
मुंबईला   जाणाऱ्या गाड्या वेळेवर आहेत का? (sent from Badlapur)
why can't the railway authority be a part of this chat and give a correct update  (sent from Seawood Darave)
Belapur to kurla train status? (sent from Sandhurst Road Stn.)
what about down side local. Is on time or not (sent from Bhandup)
metro running? (sent from Vithalwadi)
are trains from ulhasnagar running on time? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
how much delay train kalyan to kasara (sent from Vasind Stn.)
karjat trains are on time ? (sent from Airoli)
curry road to thane ?? (sent from Nahur Stn.)
what about thane vashi (sent from Mulund)
badlapur me train late hai kya? (sent from Badlapur)
what is the status between kurla and dadar?  (sent from Bhandup Stn.)
harbour line status? (sent from Kurla)
anybody knows about metro? 😅
what about VT (sent from Shahad)
is on time ur ? or your  are answering? (sent from Kings Circle)
are trains running to sion?  (sent from Goregaon)
what's the status of thane to csmt (sent from Badlapur)
whts the status of central line??? (sent from Bhandup)
from Byculla to thane?
are trains running fine in central line? (sent from Bandra)
CSMT to Vidyavihar. any update? (sent from Cst)
what about trains status  (sent from Kalyan)
are trains running from Andheri starting to Borivali? (sent from Ambernath)
sub log questions puch te ho ? mark lagavo please (sent from Kings Circle)
Thane to badlapur train is running or not???
train kitane mins late hai? (sent from Elphinstone Road Stn.)
what about central line trains? (sent from Nahur)
this is central line chat box (sent from Kalva)
are vikhroli to kalyan locals on time?  (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)
Bhai Ghatkopar to Thane status?
are trains running to sion?  (sent from Goregaon)
sion to thane local chalu hai..?? ky (sent from Gtb Nagar)
train towards thane...? (sent from Andheri Stn.)
why traffic's
trains are running on time??  (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
CST ke liye train late hai kya? (sent from Dativali Stn.)
badlapur to cst status?? (sent from Badlapur)
trains working properly in central line from Dombivili?
ghatkopr to parel status???? (sent from Ghatkopar)
why trains running so slow in central line.
how many late cst trains  (sent from Kurla Stn.)
between Ulhasnagar to Thane what's the status ?
trains running from Dadar towards kasara?  (sent from Khar Road)
are the trains running ? 
train status kurla to Thane? (sent from Kurla Stn.)
central line condition ?? (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)
what is the condition of central railway
what about down local trains ? (sent from Badlapur Stn.)
central line is working?
what are the current status of trains, are they running on time mulund
kurla to dadar condition?? (sent from Kurla Stn.)
wat abt khopoli@@???? (sent from Mulund)
what is the status of central line  (sent from Kanjur Marg)
what is the central status..any prob? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
anyone knows about parel ? (sent from Ghatkopar)
any train status? (sent from Charni Road)
cst kalyan fast update plsss? (sent from Sewri Stn.)
how many mins late trains r running (sent from Bhandup)
what is Currant status of mulund to kalyan  (sent from Mulund Stn.)
sion to cst status?? (sent from Gtb Nagar Stn.)
central chalu ahe naa? (sent from Grant Road)
what is now train status from CST to thane (sent from Bhandup)
what is now train status from CST to thane (sent from Bhandup)
can any update about the central railway? is central railway running on time or there is some delay?  (sent from Kurla Stn.)
What is the status for vikhroli? (sent from Charni Road)
Ambernath Railway station..pls.update?? 
   is it ok to go to cst now? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
centeral line chalu hai kya? (sent from Mahim Jn Stn.)
what is the current train status
trains chalu ahet? (sent from Kalva)
train? 
train chalu h kya? (sent from Sandhurst Road)
Central Line Train Status...????
kurla ka Kya status?
what about thane train r dey late (sent from Bhandup)
Thane to csmt status anyone?
sion chalu Ahe??? (sent from Sion Stn.)
any problem for going cst?? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
is there trian available from Ghatkopar to thane  (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
what is train status at thane
what is central rail update please send message
what is train status (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
ghatkopar to dadar?? 
mumbra to vidya vihar ???? status plz
trains r late? 
are trains working to ambivli? (sent from Charni Road Stn.)
what's the status of trains towards csmt? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
central line? 
only the trains are late right?
is central railway running on time?  (sent from Kurla Stn.)
train let he lay? 
central line pls.update the status??
train r running on time??? (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)
are you at station? (sent from Mumbra)
anyone at ghatkopar, is metro trains working ? (sent from Chembur)
from ghatkopar to masjid bunder working ?? (sent from Malad)
Dadar to Mumbai central status?  (sent from Mumbra Stn.)
what about ghatkoper to thane???? working???
are the trains working from Dombivali to kurla? (sent from Dombivli)
is Kasara line working?? (sent from Charni Road Stn.)
is there trais on Time?? (sent from Diva Jn)
can anyone let me know what's the situation of central locals.(sent from mulund). Nikhil Nille...
stop asking same questions again and again. central trains are running late by 15-20 minutes but still running. Stop acting like kids. Saw a comment which said central me bhi bridge gire to trains band ho.. pathetic 
Hi trains are working?  (sent from Shahad)
trains on time?  (sent from Kalyan)
???????? (sent from Mumbra)
gharatun nighu ki nako?😉 (sent from Kanjur Marg)
How are trains running in Central line (sent from Chembur)
how about crowd is it too crowded (sent from Bhandup)
what is the status of central railway fr9m ghatkopar to dadar 
trains are on time? (sent from Mumbra Stn.)
are u sure ??? (sent from Churchgate Stn.)
Is trains running properly ? (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)
what is status of central line
are you serious? (sent from Thane)
train running status at thane?? 
train kitna slow chal rha ? any updates  (sent from Mulund)
what is the status on Ghatkopar (sent from Ghatkopar)
any issue in kurla or Sion?
trains from ghatkopar ??
trains on time in central? (sent from Thane Stn.)
is train on time? (sent from Kalva)
train status?
what about today (sent from Sion Stn.)
of what 🙄 (sent from Churchgate Stn.)
train chalu ahet Kay? kalyan to vikroli (sent from Diva Jn)
thank u all for posting current railway info... plz keep update who are still travelling or stuck, let not get more ppl stuck in this situation. Thank you (sent from Grant Road Stn.)
central Railway is working???
What is position of trains from Matunga to Ghatkopar  (sent from Matunga Road Stn.)
bhai puch raha he ya bata raha hai? (sent from Bhandup)
any update of asangaon kasara line ? (sent from Ghatkopar)
don't ask too much questions , just update Ur station where u are , otherwise it will be messy to understand (sent from Bhandup)
what's the situation from dadar to khar road ?
trains crowded at central ??
thane to cst are working properly??  (sent from Airoli)
ghatkopar to thane is working? (sent from Jogeshwari)
is there are any delays in central line
what is the status of central line? is train running (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)
What's the status for central railways from Dadar to CST
what is the central line train status between Dadar to badlapur  (sent from Kanjur Marg)
is there rain in thane
hi what is status of 9.29 badlapur to csmt train (sent from Khandeshwar)
kalyan - thane? (sent from Kalyan)
central trains are in time na..? (sent from Vidyavihar)
Is any issues on Mulund station?
are trains running upto Sion ? (sent from Mulund Stn.)
Any water logging and how much is the delay? (sent from Sandhurst Road Stn.)
sion station PR pain bhra hai kya?
really? (sent from Bandra)
what about the central line ..from Kalyan to csmt (sent from Mulund)
Is train on time in ghatkopar or close to the time? (sent from Vidyavihar)
Trains are running? I want to reach Churchgate (From Thane)
what's status from Thane to cst (sent from Borivali Stn.)
 I got a news some where bridge is collapse that is true or not true
trains are on time or not,,,,??? (sent from Tilak Nagar)
what is train situation on Central line (sent from Kalyan)
andheri footover bridge collapse that why western railway block  (sent from Thane Stn.)
Trains were fine when I left. On time. I left from Mulund and reached Parel. No problem then.  (sent from Lower Parel)
what is status of diva Madgaon train (sent from Thane Stn.)
is central line working properly? (sent from Bhandup)
what is the train status between CST to Kalyan
central line working fine ? (sent from Nahur)
where Is karajat local? (sent from Dombivli)
Status from Thane???
is there any prblm in kasara plz tell (sent from Thane Stn.)
r trains running on time?
trains are there from thane to dadar?? (sent from Airoli Stn.)
what is the trains status from byculla to thane? (sent from Cotton Green)
mumbra to cst chalu hai ??? (sent from Govandi)
where is 8.56 karjat train??
Kalyan to Dadar train  running on time? (sent from Kalyan)
Kurla to bhandup ? (sent from Govandi)
trains working in central?
 train is running on time or not? (sent from Mulund)
what is local train running status (sent from Kandivali)
what's the status of kasar train? (sent from Kopar Stn.)
trains runnin on time ? (sent from Dombivli)
train is running or not from bhandup to cst?? (sent from Bhandup)
what is the situation of central route
what is the status about thane to csmt (sent from Thane)
whats the status at kanjurmarg?
what is the train status from CST to Thane? are they running on time? (sent from Gtb Nagar Stn.)
Thane-CSMT Status? ??
what's the status dombivli to cst? (sent from Dombivli)
Is the central line Working from vidhyavihar to cst? (sent from Tilak Nagar Stn.)
is that train is working in sion ? (sent from Sion Stn.)
is centeral line train are running on time? (sent from Kurla Stn.)
CST to Thane trains working?? (sent from Lower Parel)
where is 8.56 karjat ((at thane?))
is it raining quite heavily across all parts? (sent from Dombivli)
nai hogi to kaam pe nai jaogi kya?
vikhroli to thane?? (sent from Vikhroli)
is the central line working from Badlapur to Thane (sent from Badlapur)
what about Karjat line (sent from Dombivli)
what about central .line (sent from Nilje)
finally whats the scenario? is the central line working or not? as of now. and what would the forecast be for coming hour or so? revert (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
train chalu hai kiya thane to karjat ki??? (sent from thane station)
what abt CSMT to thane train?????  (sent from Gtb Nagar)
central line ?? (sent from Ambivli)
This is not ur whatsapp chat, it's public forum. Just post train status.. before asking questions please see the earlier posts.. (sent from Kanjur Marg)
wt abt khar to cst? (sent from Parel)
what about central .line (sent from Nilje)
what central line 😑 (sent from Churchgate Stn.)
is the central railway on time (sent from Charni Road Stn.)
Cst - thane train update please??? (sent from Masjid Stn.)
 Thane train working on time? (sent from Thane)
how about central line train (sent from Nerul Stn.)
train time pee hai kya mumbra se cst....??? (sent from Mumbra Stn.)
how are trains toward thane (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
karjat train status? (sent from Kalyan)
trains are running smoothly on central line or not ?? (sent from Bhandup)
Vidyavihar se CST chalu hai trains? (sent from Vidyavihar)
ghatkopar to cst train ka kya situation he ?
is there any delay in central line  (sent from Nilje Stn.)
kurla se cst any update? please (sent from Sion Stn.)
 any status about metro??
train status at Mulund station?
are trains working properly? (sent from Ghatkopar)
trains towards cst r working properly ??? (sent from Vikhroli)
train status from Kalyan towards CST?
trains from cst towards kalyan are working properly? (sent from Ghatkopar)
thans to csmt barobar hai train...?? (sent from Mulund)
what is the status of trains 
kurla to Dadar moving? (sent from Sanpada)
what's the status of nahur to cst ? (sent from Nahur Stn.)
trains from kurla towards matunga is running? (sent from Nerul Stn.)
Are trains available vidyavihar to matunga? (sent from Chembur)
Dadar to Bhandup moving? (sent from Mahim Jn Stn.)
Are trains running to Mulund side? (sent from Elphinstone Road Stn.)
central railway running ?
what about today's status (sent from Byculla Stn.)
are trains dadar to kasara running? (sent from Santa Cruz)
are trans running from sion to kalyan direction...?  (sent from Parel)
what's is the status of Mumbra to Cst train??? 
central line working?? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
central all ok? (sent from Ghatkopar)
 how is the train. timing towards cst (sent from Bhandup)
how is train working in central line
trains are running between Ulhasnagar to thane? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
Goregaon to cst trains are working?? (sent from Borivali Stn.)
any updates from kalyan to csmt? (sent from Kalyan)
what is the status between sion to thane  (sent from Gtb Nagar)
how many minutes delay Mumbai CST traine (sent from Kurla Stn.)
kurla to CST any update? please (sent from Sion Stn.)
what's the status of central railways!?  (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
trains are working?? (sent from Kurla Stn.)
any trains going from sion to kalyan side? (sent from Mankhurd)
trains running late? (sent from Kalyan)
anyone in for rum? (sent from Kalyan)
sion to thane?? (sent from Gtb Nagar Stn.)
raj kumar halla kis baat ka? (sent from Mankhurd)
dadar to dombivli? please update (sent from Sewri Stn.)
Ghatkopar is happening today???? (sent from Shahad)
toh WhatsApp chat pr log aise tp karte hai 🤐 (sent from Churchgate Stn.)
nahur to cst ? (sent from Nahur Stn.)
central line closed or not
Sion-Matunga any update? (sent from Bhandup Stn.)
kurla to Thane status?
guyz what about dadr to anderi
thana to CST trains are runnig? (sent from Koparkhairne)
where is karjat train? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
 what is the situation between Thane to Kalyan (sent from Belapur Cbd Stn.)
who is frining what u waana say 😶 (sent from Churchgate Stn.)
is train running from cst?
mumbra se Train cst k liye chalu hai??
hey what about churchgate to borivali ?? sent from bandra  (sent from Bandra)
what is the trains position (sent from Tilak Nagar)
what about central line from ghatkopar (sent from Ghatkopar)
are trains running but? (sent from Govandi)
how about ghatkopar to CST 
central line update? (sent from Sion Stn.)
what is tha status dadar to thane tell me plz
what is this (sent from Mulund)
Can anybody update on the status of Vidhyavihar to parel ??  (sent from Vidyavihar)
Andheri to cst ? working ?
Ghatkopar to CST trains are running? (sent from Andheri Stn.)
how about Vikhroli to Thane (sent from Vikhroli)
are the trains working? from Sion to ghatkopar? (sent from Gtb Nagar Stn.)
what's current status from ambhrnth to cstm train (sent from Ambernath)
What is the status of train in western line. (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
how about Vikhroli to Thane (sent from Vikhroli)
status from kurla to Ghatkopar ? (sent from Chembur)
what about slow trains from kalyan to CSMT ? (sent from Kalyan)
are trains running from ulhasnagar ? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
This is Central line chat (sent from Ghatkopar)
Hi, are trains from Thane to Kasara working?
is lower parel waterlogged?
are fast trains from kalyan on time?? (sent from Shahad)
How central line local trains running ?
Central line ka koi update batyega ??bandra to borivali?? (sent from Bandra)
mast hai central ki train.... aap batao.... aap kaise ho...? (sent from Chunabhatti)
central line is functional?? 
Dadar to thane running train yes ya no???? (sent from Matunga Road Stn.)
what is the trains position (sent from Tilak Nagar)
trains are late from cst to down??? (sent from Vidyavihar Stn.)
how will we know status when people go on asking questions rather than reading previous post.... more questions few answers... disappointing  (sent from Mulund)
train is on time?
what's the current status of train  from ambhrnth to cstm (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
ghatkoper to dadar train functional??? 
train is on time?
aaj train chalu hai na?.....q ki baarish bohot gir rahi hai 
train chaluu hai kya?
train band hone k any chance...?😅😅 (sent from Bhandup)
is train on time from Badlapur? 
how much delayed trains update are available? 
any news in Sion station ?? (sent from Vikhroli)
central railway running or not?
what is the situation Dadar to csmt  (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
is train running from thane to cst? 
9:24 csmt from shahad on time...? (sent from Shahad)
morning me 8 to 8:30 ke kanjurmarg see Jo train gayi wo CST sahi time pohonchi Kya ? late hi sahi per pohonchi Kya . I m worried cause my kid was in that train at 8
ghatkoper to dadar train  chalu hay kya?? 
what is the status of central railway  (sent from Titwala Stn.)
shahad to cst...? (sent from Shahad)
current status of trains from Ambarnath? 
track pe swim karke jaye fir?
are the harbour line trains working? from Andheri (sent from Andheri)
are you sure? (sent from Chembur)
trains from CST to Thane running? 
Ghatkopar to Kurla trains are working?  (sent from Andheri)
trains are on from CHINCHPOKLI to DADAR?  (sent from Cotton Green Stn.)
are trains going ahead of Sion ??  (sent from Vidyavihar)
central line trains are running?  (sent from Mumbai Central)
goregaon to cst status ? (sent from Malad)
is there any issue on central line?? (sent from Ambivli)
9.29 Badlapur to CST started? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
what is status of central line (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
trains barobar chal rahi hai kya ?? (sent from Mulund)
what is the current status? (sent from Vithalwadi)
since the bridge has collapsed at Andheri, any way the train is coming to Panvel? (sent from Andheri)
what about central railway
Ghatkopar to Badlapur train are running???
is there any problems in between thane to panvel local
ghatkopar to cst status????  (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
trains are working on vadala to kurla? (sent from Vadala Road Stn.)
mumbra to csmt???
what is status from kurla to thane (sent from Chembur Stn.)
ghatkopr to parel status? ? ? ? (sent from Ghatkopar)
is there any problem central line?
trains are running late in central line??
dombivali csmt is working ?? (sent from Kopar Stn.)
what is the latest news about Central line (sent from Sion Stn.)
good morning every one ghatkopar se thane chal Rahi hai kya? (sent from Ghatkopar)
8 to 8:15 trains left from kanjurmarg did it reach cst ? 
Thane to Kalyan...??? (sent from Seawood Darave)
what about karjat trains (sent from Badlapur)
trains are running properly of central line??? (sent from Dadar)
what about the trains status of karjT to thane? anybody can tell me? (sent from Badlapur)
Any update from Ghatkopar station? (sent from Bhandup)
is kurla cst central line running on time? 
central line working? (sent from Andheri)
are trains running on time from thane? (sent from Dadar)
what about karjat train (sent from Ambernath Stn.)
Is central train reaching on time ???....(sent from ambernath)
how can one person send report of central line from Churchgate (sent from Dadar Stn.)
Dombivali to Thane train status plz??
is central railway running from  byculla to ghatkopar??? (sent from Byculla Stn.)
any water clogging near Sion Matunga? (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)
trains running beyond sion??
what is status at sion station? (sent from Mulund)
train delay towards thane? (sent from Cotton Green Stn.)
Sion. to dadar running? (sent from Gtb Nagar)
trains working from ghatkopar to thane? (sent from Andheri)
are cst down trains running on time? (sent from Parel)
is central line working Karla to Thane?  (sent from Tilak Nagar)
are trains running on time to cst? (sent from Dadar Stn.)
Are train running from TL ?? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
?? (sent from Vidyavihar Stn.)
are the trains for thane are running??
trains are working fine..lot of water logging at sion and kurla which normally happens, trains are late by 15 mins (sent from Lower Parel)
what is the status of central railway? (sent from Grant Road Stn.)
is central line working Karla to Thane?  (sent from Tilak Nagar)
what's about airoli to Thane  (sent from Airoli Stn.)
Kanjur se Thana ja sakte hai..? (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)
is train running fine ?? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
if anyone at ghakopr pl tell what is the status of 9.25 karjat train?
is Central line running fine between Thane to CSMT? (sent from Thane Stn.)
trains are running on time from Kalyan to CST?? (sent from Kalyan)
kurla to diva train running,??? (sent from Tilak Nagar)
are sion to New York working? (sent from Gtb Nagar)
Whats the status from kurla to thane??? (sent from Tilak Nagar)
what is the status of central line local status ?
Are d trains on tym or delayed from dombivli to CST???
i wish they add railway chat support to this app if possible. 
Sion n kurla stn per Pani bhar Gaya Kya ? (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)
trains on time??on central line (sent from Kalyan)
water logging in Dombivli station or not?  (sent from Dombivli)
what is status of train from thane to cstm
are trains working from dadar to khar ? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
what about kalyan station ( send from kalyan station) (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
what is the status after dadar
byculla to ghatkopar status?
trains from Kurla to CST - are they running or water logged, anybody there pls tell ??? (sent from Thane)
kalyan se mulund tak train ki abhi ki update kya hai?
bhandup to thane?? (sent from Kanjur Marg)
ghatkopar - thane status please ?
is all ok at Sion... (sent from Sion Stn.)
What is status of Central Train?
are trains working from thane-ghatkopar? (sent from Rabale)
trains ? (sent from Chembur)
is CR slow trains on time ? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
on time? (sent from Chembur)
What's the scene of trains running from Ghatkopar toward Parel? (sent from Ghatkopar)
is there water log in central line (sent from Andheri)
what is status of Sion station ?
what is status of Central railway towards cst (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
so late ??? (sent from Dombivli)
Bhandup to thane ...trains are late?? (sent from Bhandup)
what about central train possation (sent from Dativali)
dadar locals are on time? (sent from Nahur Stn.)
what about elphinston stn to Mumbai central status? (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)
central line is workinh??  (sent from Gtb Nagar)
this is normal. they cancel trains even when it's not raining 😂
?
are trains working from dadar to andheri? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
what about kurla to parel? (sent from Chembur Stn.)
if anyone at ghatkopar station pl tell status of 9.25 a.m karjat train?? 
are trains running from kurla to parel?
does anyone know about dombivli? (sent from Dombivli)
hi friends what about Thane train....pls give update (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
everyone stop!!! Instead of asking questions, can someone just keep on updating what is the status of trains??  (sent from Rabale)
is this official message?  (sent from Ghatkopar)
current status?
what about parel (sent from Mulund Stn.)
what's the status of sion station
so will trains be running or they have stopped it? (sent from Chunabhatti Stn.)
are trains going further of sion?
vidhyavihar to dadar status ? (sent from Chembur)
cst to thane working?
are trains running from Sion? (sent from Bandra Stn.)
any status from Kalyan to thane train ? (sent from Kalyan)
dombivli to ghatkopar train status ? (sent from Diva Jn)
is thane dadar trains are moving? (sent from Kalva)
how is the situation between ambarnath nd kalyan station
plzzz koi batayenga kurla karjat line chalu he Yaa nahi3??  (sent from Kurla)
ghatkopar to Thane trains working ? (sent from Ghatkopar)
are central line trns Ok? (sent from Shahad)
what about 9.51 cstm? is it cancel? (sent from Kalyan)
what's the status of harbor line trains till vashi (sent from Chunabhatti)
what is the status (sent from Nahur)
how are trains from Ghatkopar?  (sent from Jogeshwari)
what about Ghatkopar local ? (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
dombivali to Thane station local train station????  (sent from Kopar)
cstm to kurla chalu hai kya?
9.51 kalyan cst ka kya haal hai? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
guy's what happened at kurla station 
Kalyan to Dadar train r running on time?
cst to thane?
 what is the condition of ghatkopar
issues? (sent from Chembur)
Dadar to Thane what is situation... pls help I m new in Mumbai  (sent from Airoli Stn.)
Is harbour line running properly? (sent from Belapur Cbd)
what about ce. tra (sent from Vikhroli)
ट्रेन बंद होण्याची शक्यता आहे का.? (sent from Vasind Stn.)
train status?? (sent from Gtb Nagar)
Dadar to Thane?? should i leave home (sent from Charni Road)
Kalyan to karjat ?
train status?? (sent from Gtb Nagar)
Why are the slow trains near Kurla not moving? (sent from Kurla)
is metro working?  (sent from Mulund)
I want Travel Kurla to Mumbra what update pls? (sent from Govandi)
cst to thane trains are running???  (sent from Currey Road)
what About Thane Dadar ??
डोबिंवली ते ठाणे लाईन चालु आहे काय???  (sent from Kopar)
train towards ambernath working fine ?????
how about trains from dombivli
train running? (sent from Kanjur Marg)
what's a problem between ghatkopar &dadar
where is 9.48 Dombivli train? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
what is the status of Kalyan - Thane trains (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
how many train delays in mumbra to cst (sent from Mumbra)
its train working properly? (sent from Badlapur)
Dadar to mumbra trains r running or not..?? (sent from Bandra Stn.)
train status from CST to Vikhroli? (sent from Currey Road Stn.)
Is there train available from Thane to Andheri?
who are these stupid people talking about other lines. please talk only about central line here. (sent from Koparkhairne)
what is the status of train ? kopar to kanjurmarg (sent from Kopar Stn.)
Are trains running very late?
what are the status of train from badlapur to cst?  (sent from Badlapur)
are trains going ahead from Kurla to CST?  (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
situation at Kuala Soon?? (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)
Train status from Vikhroli to Thane? 
is any train arriving from kanjur towards bhandup? (sent from Bhandup Stn.)
are trains running on time from Dombivali?  (sent from Thakurli)
what is the status from kurla to ghatkopar (sent from Kurla)
what is status of train from Dadar to thane (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)
what's the status of trains?? is there delay beyond thane (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
trains not moving from ghatkopar?? (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)
thana to Dadar train status? (sent from Airoli)
when is the next train from Thane to Ghatkopar? (sent from Rabale)
what abut thane to Ghatkopar?? are they working?? pls reply... thank you (sent from Rabale Stn.)
ia there any water lodgement in kurla? (sent from Shahad Stn.)
can we move beyond kurla to cst? (sent from Kalyan)
what about thane to cst (sent from Thane)
what is the status of kalyan to dadar 15car  (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
are trains on time?? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
central line affected hai ky??? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
what about Titwala to Thane  (sent from Titwala Stn.)
Can we reach to Mulund from Ambarnath ? (sent from Bandra Stn.)
what is the status between kurla to Thane? (sent from Vikhroli)
is trains running upward from sion to Dadar?? 
Thane to Vashi trains on time ? (sent from Bhandup)
is trains running upward from sion to Dadar?? 
cst to byculla train available? (sent from Masjid Stn.)
is trains running upward from sion to Dadar?? 
bhandup to thane?  (sent from Bhandup)
Is Kalyan to Dombivli trains on schedule or delayed or cancelled ?
Kanjurmarg station ke liye train chalu Hain Kya ?? (sent from Kurla Stn.)
are trains going beyond kurla to cst...?????????? (sent from Kalyan)
any update from ghatkopar to thane???
is trains are working from than to Cet? (sent from Koparkhairne)
so kurla to Dadar blocked? (sent from Juinagar Stn.)
what is the status mumbra to csmt
what's position at Kurla to kalyan (sent from Kalyan)
kalyan to malad?? trains are running proper (sent from Shahad)
what is the status of karjat n khopoli train (sent from Badlapur)
is Sion station flooded ? (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
byculla to kurla?  (sent from Byculla Stn.)
badlapur to thank..any idea how's trains are running?
is it safe to travel from Dombivli to Dadar? (sent from Nilje)
how is kasara line working  (sent from Thakurli)
wbu thane to kalyan side fast trains? (sent from Thane)
are the CR trains going upto CST? 
CST to Kurla train Chalu hai kya.? pls Replay 
anybody knows status from Dombivali to thane?  (sent from Thakurli)
is there Water logging?  and both fast and slow stopped?  (sent from Badlapur)
what abt from Kalyan to Ghatkoper 
is it safe to travel from bhandup to mahalaxmi? (sent from Kanjur Marg)
 ghatkopar to dadar time par hai kya? (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)
what's the status from Vikhroli to Thane? (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)
slow trains are on time? (sent from Thane)
kurla to vikhroli train status ? (sent from Khar Road)
Are trains running beyond Thane? 
what's Central line status (sent from Ghansoli Stn.)
please ask the same question 2 times because first time chat not going  (sent from Mankhurd Stn.)
Csmt to Dombivali train status please? (sent from Cst Stn.)
badlapur to Csmt train status?
what is status of cntrl line? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
what was the status about train  (sent from Mumbra Stn.)
what are problem (sand to Kalyan)
what the situation
how do u know (sent from Nahur Stn.)
train thane to Amarnath is Running or not....? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
what's the status at Dombivli station, anybody on the station please reply (sent from Thakurli)
what about Badlapur to Thane? (sent from Badlapur)
what a situation of kalyan station....
anybody in Ghatkopar. why train late (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)
9 1 chi karjat train sutli ka cst vrun ? (sent from Thane Stn.)
train stuck between kanjur n thane any update why (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)
dadar to charchgate ka status?
what is todays news (sent from Bandra)
mulund station situation ?????? (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
What's the scene at ghatkopar (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
I siggest who is plan to come offc please avoid it (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)
is the station waterlogged (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
Is central line running? (sent from Bhandup)
any update? (sent from Kurla Stn.)
is traveling to cst from Thane station safe? (sent from Mulund)
csmt fast trains  running on time or not ?
is the train going on time from thane to cst (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
what about Badlapur to cst (sent from Badlapur)
are there train from Dadar - CST ? (sent from Dadar Stn.)
airoli Jane bali train chal raha hai kya?? 
is their any train from dombivli towards karjat? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
are trains running towards thane ? (sent from Bhandup Stn.)
what is the status at Ghatkopar stm (sent from Bhandup Stn.)
what is the status of train from Dombivali to cst?
what a problem from Andheri station to csmt (sent from Thane Stn.)
what is status or Ghatkopar to kanjurmarg (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)
status? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
Mumbra to Kalyan any update ? (sent from Mumbra)
why kya hua (sent from Chembur Stn.)
what's the status on Ghatkopar to Cst trains (sent from Ghatkopar)
is the train passing from Sion station towards CST? (sent from Kurla Stn.)
what is status or Ghatkopar to kanjurmarg (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)
kya haal h train ka ?
dadar-thane status?
kya haal h train ka ?
what is the status of train from nahur (sent from Nahur Stn.)
what is the status of train from nahur (sent from Nahur Stn.)
trains to vikhroli status please?  (sent from Ghansoli Stn.)
 does trains goes beyond Sion? (sent from Thane Stn.)
IS SION - THANE line is functioning normally?
kya haal h train ka ?
are the train working?  (sent from Ghatkopar)
frends Sion ka ky sean hai? (sent from Vadala Road)
IS SION - THANE line is functioning normally? (sent from Sion Stn.)
IS SION - THANE line is functioning normally? (sent from Sion Stn.)
IS SION - THANE line is functioning normally? (sent from Sion Stn.)
Mumbra to Kalyan any update ? (sent from Mumbra)
are the train working?  (sent from Ghatkopar)
what's the central line status? is it working  (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)
Ghatkopar to Cst trains working?  (sent from Ghatkopar)
Is the central like working properly? (sent from Mulund)
is the train passing from Sion station towards CST? (sent from Kurla Stn.)
what is the current s Te atus of train movement from ghatkoper to thane (sent from Vile Parle)
why?
what is exact situation of trains at ulhasnagar (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
what is now train status (sent from Vikhroli)
what is the  status of train near sion and matunga (sent from Ambernath Stn.)
train are late??? ghatkopar side
hi what about train  (sent from Kurla Stn.)
towards thane? (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
is the central line working between Dadar nad CST ? (sent from Dadar Stn.)
dadar-thane status? (sent from Gtb Nagar Stn.)
central trains on time?
are train running? (sent from Kurla)
anyone at byculla station? are trains running towards vikhroli? 
any update if trains are running proper ? (sent from Thane)
KURLA to kalyan, what is the running position. please anyone let me know. 
what is the actual update... (sent from Badlapur)
Kurla to dadar what is status (sent from Kalva)
anyone at byculla station? are trains running towards vikhroli? 
what is situation at sion
down trains running from car to kalyan? (sent from Vidyavihar)
what about Thane Ghatkopar (sent from Vashi Stn.)
what is the autuation of kurla 
everyone is just asking... but no 1 reply to them... how we all come to know what is the status (sent from Vashi Stn.)
are the trains running on central?
what is the status  (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
are most of trains stopped ? or just bit delayed ?
what's the position in badlapur to thank route? (sent from Badlapur)
what is the update 8:45 train Badlapur to cst (sent from Badlapur)
Is train working from Kurla to Dadar? (sent from Tilak Nagar Stn.)
are there trains from kalyan to Kurla..?  (sent from Shahad)
what about train from thakurli (sent from Thakurli Stn.)
travel only if it is very much required, this is what they are announcing at Sion station (sent from Sion Stn.)
ghatkopar side train are delay??? (sent from Thane Stn.)
reason? (sent from Gtb Nagar Stn.)
swimming suit laya hai kya ?  (sent from Belapur Cbd)
trains r running or not
AN or N train is on time ? (sent from Vikhroli)
train band hui? (sent from Thane)
mulund to cst r trains late?  (sent from Mulund Stn.)
train haulted at thane outing since 20mins which is going towards dadar. kalyan dadar train 907 from kalyan  (sent from Kalva)
train kurla ke aage ja Raha hai kya??
kurla to vikhroli train chalu hey kay? (sent from Tilak Nagar)
mumвrα tσ ghαtkσpαr trαín ѕtαtuѕ??
wat abt train from parel to Thane??? (sent from Elphinstone Road Stn.)
Hey whats is the status of central railway ?
what is status of karajat to cst trains
badlapur tak train ja rhi hai kya?? (sent from Vidyavihar)
where is this coming from (sent from Gtb Nagar Stn.)
what about kurla to thane train line they are running or not  (sent from Sion Stn.)
ambernath 2 thane train status kya hai?
what is status of CR towards cst (sent from Thane)
what's about kurla to kalyan (sent from Govandi Stn.)
ghatkopar side train are delay??? (sent from Thane Stn.)
hello... Trains are really canclled from thane?? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
ghatkopar side train are delay??? (sent from Thane Stn.)
what about Thane to kurla
Ghatkopar to thane ?
Central line is regular ???? (sent from Kalva)
Teri maa* Ko leke jou kya? (sent from Vile Parle Stn.)
delay no issue but its running? (sent from Sion Stn.)
trains r working between kurla Ghatkopar? (sent from Chembur Stn.)
Whats the status????  (sent from Ambernath)
is thane station heavily crowded?
Central line is regular ???? (sent from Kalva)
trains chalu hai? (sent from Ambernath)
what is situation at Thane, towards cst? (sent from Koparkhairne Stn.)
thane to cst trains chalu hai kya? (sent from Mulund)
Central kitnaa delay h???  (sent from Ambernath)
trains r working or not?
Is this chat box blocked? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
how long? (sent from Gtb Nagar Stn.)
every one is asking,Is any one there to answer??? (sent from Chembur Stn.)
?? (sent from Kalva Stn.)
what's the status of panvel to vasai train ? (sent from Kopar Stn.)
train chal rahi h kya kurla to cst?  (sent from Kurla Stn.)
locals are running from to kurla to currey road ?? (sent from Ghatkopar)
what about central line
what is status of train 9:40 for titwala ?
 now what stiuation at mulund station??? (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
trains working or not after ghatkopar ??
what is situation at Kurla
is thane station heavily crowded?
any problem at थाना?  (sent from Kalva)
what about Borivali to vasai (sent from Jogeshwari)
is thane station heavily crowded?
are  train  stop  running  towards  cst  ???  (sent from Bhandup)
is there any train from Thane to Cst (sent from Thane Stn.)
Panvel Se CST Train Chalu hai Kya ....? (sent from Panvel)
is central trains going till Dadar?? (sent from Thane Stn.)
Kitnaa delay h train???  (sent from Ambernath)
is there any train running between thane to cst (sent from Thane Stn.)
position from Thane to csmt? 
what about Mulund  (sent from Mulund Stn.)
is central trains going till Dadar?? (sent from Thane Stn.)
train status?
wat is current status of train? (sent from Dadar Stn.)
Mumbra se Dadar chalu hai kya bhai???  (sent from Mumbra)
what is the problem near kanjur marg?
what about trns from badlapur? (sent from Ambernath)
plz. guys who r traveling , give proper info (sent from Kurla)
what is the central line status? (sent from Kalva)
Thane to CST are working or not? Please let me know the status (sent from Nahur)
indicatorin bhandup is showing that next train will be at 12..is this true? (sent from Bhandup Stn.)
what is the status from badlapur
what is the problem near kanjur marg?
Csmt sathi train chalu aahet ka ?
kurla to ghatkopar what's the status? (sent from Mankhurd Stn.)
are trains running from kurla to dadar? (sent from Tilak Nagar Stn.)
were u want to go???  (sent from Mulund Stn.)
down trains from kalyan are running or not?? (sent from Kalyan)
kanjurmarg se train chalu aahe?
what about down central line (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)
thane to ghatkopr train running at time or delay? (sent from Koparkhairne)
bhai log wht but Mumbra to cst??  (sent from Mumbra Stn.)
ghatkopar platform 1 situation ??? (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
what is current position of trains from thane to cst (sent from Thane)
What about Dombivli? (sent from Dombivli)
train Thane to kanjurmarg are running? (sent from Ghansoli Stn.)
harbour services from Goregaon ok?
kurla Dadar chalu hai kya?? (sent from Govandi Stn.)
kalyan cstm trains are working???? (sent from Manasarovar)
ghatkopar platform 1 situation ??? (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
down side trains running?
Dadar to Kalyan trains working?
ambernath Jane train hai ? (sent from Vidyavihar Stn.)
Why will u start running backwards  (sent from Belapur Cbd)
Hi what is train status towards cst
is Thane CST running? (sent from Kurla Stn.)
Will the 9:29 Kalyan-Dadar train halt at matunga today ? (sent from Kalva Stn.)
Ambernath Jane train hai ?? (sent from Vidyavihar Stn.)
what is train status towards thane (sent from Tilak Nagar)
friends just need small info heard that trains from CST to Kurla cancelled kindly confirm any one please (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)
why train is halted before ghatkopar  (sent from Kurla Stn.)
Dombivli to Ghatkopar? (sent from Dombivli)
what is the train schedule  (sent from Dativali)
are central trains running??
then why will u run , nonsenseee (sent from Belapur Cbd)
trains avail from mulund?
what is the position of between Sion to kurla (sent from Kalva Stn.)
hey guys good morning mulund to vidyavihar working? (sent from Mulund Stn.)
trains working or not after ghatkopar ??
Thane to Dadar running or not
train status from Kurla to CST???? (sent from Nerul Stn.)
karjat to csmt as usual?
hey guys what is the situation about train in sion ? (sent from Vidyavihar)
what about central  (sent from Titwala)
CST TO THANE TRAIN CHALU AHET KA ?? (sent from Byculla Stn.)
what is status of trains from badlapur  (sent from Badlapur)
are down trains and express trains on Time? (sent from Ambernath Stn.)
cst  to thane  slow  local  are  running? (sent from Nahur Stn.)
CST TO THANE TRAINS ? (sent from Byculla Stn.)
what about between Titwala to DADAR (sent from Ambivli Stn.)
kanjur to vidyavihar status Kya hai?? (sent from Kanjur Marg)
what about from mumbra to kurla  (sent from Mumbra Stn.)
Thane to CST running or not
garam he ?? (sent from Rabale Stn.)
kalyan to CST ? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
status for thane CST ?? (sent from Kalva)
not yet come to bhandup 45mins slow how come fine u telling (sent from Bhandup Stn.)
what is the train status at kalyan
what is the issue at Central railway (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)
which trn u r in  (sent from Bhandup)
are trains running from Kalyan? (sent from Kalyan)
mi aaj guarich rahu ka???? (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)
is there train running from churchgate to Virar or not (sent from Grant Road)
Thane train kidhar hai? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
why trains are not moving  (sent from Kalyan)
are trains going from CST to Thane?  (sent from Cst Stn.)
what is status at ghatkopar (sent from Marine Lines Stn.)
kurla to Dadar train chalu ahet ka?
CSMT train stucked between Vikhroli-Ghatkopar station...any update from ghatkopar or kurla station?? (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
kalyan to CST ? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
what about Badlapur to CST 
what is fast train position to CST from Dombivali  (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
Airoli to thane train ka kya status hai...? (sent from Airoli)
what is the status o f train from Thane to cst...? (sent from Elphinstone Road Stn.)
is there any train from badlapur ?? (sent from Ambernath)
what is the situation of down side trains? (sent from Vikhroli)
A slow train stopped before Ghatkopar, what's its status? (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
are trains running towards ambernath?? (sent from Mulund Stn.)
any trains towards Karjat or Badlapur from thane station? (sent from Airoli Stn.)
what's the position from bhandup to dombivli (sent from Thane Stn.)
what's the situation in Sion?? (sent from Sion Stn.)
Y trains are stop between vikhroli to ghatkopar?? (sent from Kurla)
what about thane to dombivli (sent from Thane Stn.)
CST to thane is working? (sent from Vadala Road Stn.)
what's d status of central line 
what is status of central line (sent from Goregaon)
kurla to Dadar train chalu ahet ka?
I want to reach chinchpokli.. is it good to travel today ??? (sent from Nerul Stn.)
status at Thane stn.? towards cst (sent from Kalva)
kurla to Dadar train chalu ahet ka?
kurla to Dadar train chalu ahet ka?
are their any announcement at stations? (sent from Badlapur)
dombivali to thane ?? trains are working properly ? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
slow track are working between thane to CST? or thane to kalyan? (sent from Kalva)
Badlapur to Cst trains are running ?????????? (sent from Badlapur)
what's the status on Central line (sent from Kalva)
what about down train from thane? (sent from Thane)
Are trains not running at all?  (sent from Kalva)
what is the problem at Central line ????
cst to thane Train status?? (sent from Vadala Road Stn.)
kurla to Dadar train chalu ahet ka?
mulund station situation ? (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)
what's the status on CR (sent from Kalva)
trains time pe hai?  (sent from Mulund Stn.)
what is status for thanne to kalyan (sent from Thane)
WHAT IS STATUS OF TRAIN FROM KALYAN? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
? (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)
kalyan to kurla is it safe and convenient to travel today?  (sent from Shahad)
status from dombivli to thane? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
thane cst chalu hai ? (sent from Belapur Cbd Stn.)
train is in time...???
Is central railways working on time..? (sent from Ambernath)
are trains from thane to Kalyan working? (sent from Ambernath Stn.)
cst-thane train?? (sent from Masjid Stn.)
kurla to Dadar train chalu ahet ka?
are trains on time? (sent from Ghatkopar)
trains are working between thane to CST? (sent from Kalva)
why trains are stop in vikroli? (sent from Vidyavihar Stn.)
Is metro running? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
are trains on time? (sent from Ghatkopar)
central lines affected by rain?
Dombivali to thane status please ? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
kurla to dadar?? (sent from Tilak Nagar Stn.)
are Trains down to titwala running on time?  (sent from Kalva)
trains are working ? (sent from Dombivli)
are koi official announcement hai Kya central railway ki taraf se? (sent from Kurla)
are train running on time from thane to Ghatkopar?? (sent from Bhayander)
I want to go to Mulund. I'm in Parel. Should I leave the office or stay here? (sent from Elphinstone Road)
what about slow line towards kalyan (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)
is trains working properly or not
dombivli to karjat train on time kya?? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
train running status from badlapur?  (sent from Badlapur)
ghatkoparchya pudhe train chalu ahe ka?
Kurla to CST train status?? (sent from Koparkhairne)
what about from kurla ghatkopar trains are there or not (sent from Govandi Stn.)
any idea weather train going from दादर to Thane??  (sent from Marine Lines Stn.)
I'm in a CST fast near Kurla. Are trains going ahead of Sion? (sent from Vidyavihar)
what bout titwala  cst?
what about vidhyavihar to dombivli? (sent from Vidyavihar Stn.)
hi what's the train update 
mumbra se train chalu hai bhai log?
what is the status from cst to Dadar??  (sent from Sandhurst Road Stn.)
what is problem of central railway? (sent from Kopar)
Any up side train at kalyan? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
are trains working from Dadar to Thane? (sent from Matunga Road Stn.)
byculla to ghatkopar trains running?  (sent from Reay Road Stn.)
what happened (sent from Shahad)
what happened (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
I need updates from dombivali to kanjur ...anyone could help me out ..? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
Are Train coming at mumbra station?  (sent from Mumbra)
where is Titwala (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
what's the train status from vikhroli??  (sent from Kanjur Marg)
Thane to Vikhroli?
plz dom mulund train working or what
any train in between kalyan and thakurli? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
how bad is it at Ghatkopar?
status from thane to ghatkopar?? bhaiyo aaj help kardo sala chutti ka accha plan hai (sent from Thane)
hello what's train status beyond the Thane to cst (sent from Kalva Stn.)
any train problem in central line?? (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)
what's the problem on central
is trains running till CST on central line ?
from KYN to cstm status?  (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
kya accident???  hua (sent from Chembur Stn.)
Sure?
what status train aroli to ghatkoper by thane
Dear all can anyone give the update regarding current train status?? (sent from Kalva)
suresh shinde what happened at dombivl
how s situation between ghatkopar to Parel ? (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)
what is the status of CST to thane train (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)
kurla to cst Kahi problem ahe ka?
kurla to cst Kahi problem ahe ka?
 what is the situation beyond Thane as slow train is having hault at kalwa from last 20 mins (sent from Kalva)
are the trains working properly??? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
byc to ghatkopar train working?  please let us know  (sent from Reay Road Stn.)
what is the status of trains from thane to kasara?
status of trains towards Kalyan from Kurla? (sent from Kurla Stn.)
what is the status of dombivali train (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
what happened to Kalyan CST fast  (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)
where is Titwala (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
whts the status of the train? from DADAR TO THANE (sent from Mumbra)
what is train status of karjat to thane? (sent from Badlapur)
byculla Thane train status?? (sent from Dockyard Road Stn.)
Train are working Properly??? (sent from Thane)
alpesh bro...what about kurla ghatkopar train are regularly running or not (sent from Govandi)
Byculla to thane. train status please?? (sent from Mumbai Central)
can u confirm status of train between vidhyavihar to dadar? (sent from Vidyavihar)
how is the situation between badlapur to thane train (sent from Badlapur)
guys any update from ambernath?  (sent from Ambernath Stn.)
Ghatkoparchya  pudhe fast cst local chalu ahet ka?
dadar to Thane? status? (sent from Gtb Nagar Stn.)
any official announcement by CR ?
Thane to Ghatkopar local train running or not ? (sent from Thane)
what is current situation of central line???? are they runing on time??? (sent from Kalyan)
is trains from thane on platform 1 departing??
What about badlapur ?? (sent from Badlapur)
what is the status of badlapur to thane? (sent from Badlapur)
dadar to vidyavihar chalu hai? (sent from Dadar Stn.)
shud i leave fr mumbra station?are trains cmng there? (sent from Mumbra)
what is the status of andheri
what about trains from Thane to titwala?  (sent from Kalva)
what is status of sion (sent from Kanjur Marg)
10.01 arrived at PF 1 Catch that one (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
what's the position of central line from thane to csmt
thane to badlapur train on the time? 
how abt vikhroli to dadar? (sent from Vikhroli)
what i the current situation
thane to kurla train status plz? 
stuck at same place. any info for down trains?  (sent from Kalva)
why train stopped after kalwa? 
karjat train konse stn per poche hai koie bata sakta hai??? (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)
train working towards ghatkopar??  (sent from Nahur)
is train running from Ghatkopar to Dadar? (sent from Mulund)
whats the status on thane? train stopped between kalwa and thane (sent from Kalva)
cst to vikrohli are train running on time???? (sent from Masjid Stn.)
is there water logging at sion ? (sent from Vithalwadi Stn.)
bhai badlapur si train time pi hai Kya? (sent from Badlapur)
what is central line status??? (sent from Vithalwadi)
please let me know badlapur thane train status? (sent from Badlapur)
kurla to ambernath trains are running or not plz reply??
is central line till dadar proper? (sent from Sandhurst Road Stn.)
status from CST to thane please?
thane to kalyan trains r running ?
ashish train ahe ka dom to thane ???? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
what's the update from thane to cst?  (sent from Thane Stn.)
what about Badlapur to Thane (sent from Badlapur)
is diva vasai..trains r running..? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
should I go to college (Mulund) sent from dombivli...? (sent from Dombivli)
Mulund to Kalyan trains are running ?? (sent from Kopar Stn.)
is there any problems. between mumbra and kalwa station (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)
thane to badlapur train on the? 
what abt kalyan (sent from Palasdhari Stn.)
any one ambernath to thane? is it possible to travel  (sent from Ambernath Stn.)
what about thane to karjat (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)
those who are at stns..go back, it better than to stuck in between (sent from Kalva)
thane to badlapur train on the? 
what about Ghatkopar to cst train (sent from Ghatkopar)
hi , is der any issue on m indiactor chat?? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
fast trains bhi?
thane to badlapur train on tme? 
means towards kalyan to thane ? (sent from Badlapur)
mulund to cst any update? jana chahiye ya nai (sent from Mulund)
karjat local status??  (sent from Koparkhairne Stn.)
where is train 10.15 from dombivli (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
Thane to CSMT trains running? (sent from Atgan)
 Sion me paani bhara kya? (sent from Sion)
thane to kasara on he???? (sent from Taloja)
thanks for update..what is status of fast train? (sent from Badlapur)
dombivli to kurla are the trains running?  (sent from Dombivli)
where is 10:15 Train... (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
asangaon to Thane stuck between Kalva and Thane...what is the issue? kindly update (sent from Kalva)
shud i go to mulund..are trains working? (sent from Mumbra)
kitana late hai ? (sent from Badlapur)
what's status badlapur  train  (sent from Badlapur)
are trains running from cst to Kalyan?
kurla tak train ja rahe hai kya? Harbar line chalu hai kya? (sent from Thakurli Stn.)
parel to thane any updates of locals? (sent from Elphinstone Road Stn.)
how r central line trains status? (sent from Andheri Stn.)
heloo... train update from Thane to Ghatkopar??? Please (sent from Ghansoli Stn.)
no announcment no indicator ??? dombivli (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
sure? what about thane to titwala/kalyan?  (sent from Kalva)
aor trains aarhi hai kyaa?? from cst?? (sent from Masjid Stn.)
status for trains from thane to titwala????? (sent from Thane)
how Abt kurla to Kalyan ??? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
Are trains running? or stopped? (sent from Nahur Stn.)
Hi what's the situation out there.Are trains moving properly
kalyan to kasara train chalh hai kya....?
what about central line services (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
Are trains running ahead Kurla?? (sent from Bhandup Stn.)
cst ke lia train milegi kya?! ghatkopar se?! (sent from Vidyavihar Stn.)
train is on time or not
central railway suralit aahe ka? (sent from Shahad)
when train will come ??? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
thane to vikroli is running or not ?
what about thane to Vashi train???? (sent from Kurla Stn.)
going towards CST? (sent from Thane)
are me ghar par hu mujhe thane Jana jau ki nahi ? (sent from Badlapur)
Is there trains for Badlapur to thane (sent from Badlapur)
i hvae to go bhandup so approx at wht tym should i leave frm here?
what's the status of badlapur  to thane? (sent from Badlapur)
cst to vikrohli??? (sent from Masjid Stn.)
really ?? when will the further notice come Lol I am at the station . (sent from Thane Stn.)
is there trains running between ghatkopar to thane..  (sent from Ghatkopar)
anyone willing to travel to sakinaka or enroute.. from kalyan? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
Is thane CSTM slowtrains running? (sent from Airoli)
are trains from thane to cst running?!
what is the status on trains in dombivli (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
what about from dadar to thane  (sent from Bhandup Stn.)
Kalyan to nashik express chalu ahet ka??? (sent from Taloja)
down to kalyan, trains delayed? 
what is the status of train 9:29 from kalyan to csmt? (sent from Kalyan)
thane ke age train chal Raha hai??
What about status of central line from Thane to CSMT (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
CST to Thane are slow trains working? (sent from Lower Parel)
hie.. what is the status of Central line train?  (sent from Mahalakshmi Stn.)
thane to cst? 
what is the status of Central line train?  (sent from Mahalakshmi Stn.)
what's status from mumbra to kurla
are trains running on Central Route. Badlapur to Kalyan? (sent from Badlapur)
trains status from byculla to thane? (sent from Mahalakshmi Stn.)
what is the status from badlapur (sent from Badlapur)
what about Kalyan to cst (sent from Kalyan)
aretrains on central line working fine??  (sent from Mahim Jn Stn.)
but that was the incident of Andheri , but what about the fast track status of central
what is status of train from cst to Kalyan (sent from Nahur)
CST to kasara train are working? (sent from Govandi)
kurla to kalyan train chalu he kya ? (sent from Vithalwadi)
what happened between mumbra and kalwa?  (sent from Kalva Stn.)
ghatkopar to catch status????? (sent from Andheri Stn.)
train status from dombivli to cst?  (sent from Thakurli)
what is status from Thane beyond  (sent from Kopar Stn.)
return trains from byculla working? (sent from Mahalakshmi)
i have to go bhandup so at wht tyn approx should i leave frm here?
what's the situation out there (sent from Koparkhairne)
anyone wants to join me in ola.. for kalyan to sakinaka? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
what is d status of cst fast from thane
dadar to Thane status??  (sent from Mahim Jn Stn.)
what about cst to thane
Are trains running late between Ghatkopar and Dombivili? (sent from Ghatkopar)
what is the status at Sion station (sent from Sion Stn.)
any slow train cst off the way ? (sent from Nahur Stn.)
is there any train delay. (sent from Vithalwadi)
are train working from matunga to dombivli!? (sent from Kings Circle Stn.)
Dadar to Thane status? (sent from Dadar)
what is status of trains from badlapur  (sent from Badlapur)
is it running now? 
trains stopped at thane?? (sent from Kalva Stn.)
are trains running to cst ??? central  (sent from Nahur Stn.)
anyone wiling to join me in ola for kalyan to sakinaka? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
train for Thane to dadar are running or not?? (sent from Rabale)
who told u i just came from thane station ... announcing for late running (sent from Thane Stn.)
trains for kalayan??? (sent from Elphinstone Road)
are trains working from ambernath to thane?
what is the status of kalyan to kasara line (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
train ka status kya hai??
hello whether trains are running towards cat?
what about trains from dombivli to cet (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
mulund to dadar trains any update? 
 are trains crowded ? (sent from Bhandup)
is there trains are running from kalyan to CST or not? (sent from Kalyan)
vadala to bandra train chal rahi hai kya? (sent from Vadala Road Stn.)
csmt*? (sent from Dombivli)
kurla se express train chalu he Kya....? (sent from Dombivli)
Sion me kuch problem hua he Kya? (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)
what's train status right now???
what about 9:54 fast train from thane to csmt (sent from Thane Stn.)
anyone at kalyan.. willing to join me in ola for klyan to sakinaka travel right now? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
are trains going on from Ghatkopar to thane? (sent from Ghatkopar)
update in central line between Ghatkopar to Dadar? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
are trains running from badlapur? (sent from Badlapur)
rush hour me crowd Nahi Hoga kya? (sent from Dadar Stn.)
train dadar se aa rhi h Kya ..? (sent from Mankhurd)
kasara train ka haal kya hai kaha tk ja rahi hai train.....????
what is the status between cst to kurla
train chalu hai kya ??? (sent from Nahur Stn.)
any chance of getting train from Sannta Cruz to CST? 
how it at thane?  (sent from Thane Stn.)
what is central railway status? (sent from Chunabhatti)
thane to cst?  (sent from Thane Stn.)
 You Are In Which Train? 10:32?
kisi ko koi express train ka pata he Kya....? (sent from Dombivli)
is there any train is running from bhandup to karjat
what is central railway status? (sent from Chunabhatti)
fast train sarv station vr thambatayt ka?  (sent from Kurla Stn.)
what's the status from dombivli station?  (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
Are trains running? (sent from Karjat)
any news of trains when it get off (sent from Rabale Stn.)
10:43 Kasara  @ kalyan train kaha par he abhi?? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
is there any issue on kurla station (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)
can local running to mumbai??
working fine o late? slow o fast?  (sent from Thane Stn.)
Dadar to thane local working? (sent from Khar Road Stn.)
Is their Train running properly from dombivli to badlapur ? Plz give reply its argent (sent from Badlapur)
what about Vikhroli ? (sent from Thane)
kurla to kalyan train running or not??? (sent from Vithalwadi)
wht abt thane to mumbra when trains get stop (sent from Rabale Stn.)
train running or not
trains running from karjat? (sent from Karjat)
what about ghatkopar to thane train? (sent from Ghatkopar)
Thane to kalyan trains are running? (sent from Kalyan)
any Delay is there???  (sent from Dombivli)
what about thane to csmt trains?? (sent from Koparkhairne Stn.)
Status of train from Kurla to Thane pls?
any updates from shahad to CST trains? (sent from Shahad)
are kalyan bound trains late? 
ghatkopAr to Dadar??
any updates of thane to mumbra???  (sent from Rabale Stn.)
Thane CST trains have resumed? (sent from Thane)
is trains moving from thane towards csmt..????? (sent from Badlapur Stn.)
Trains running ?
wht is the status of water-logging from thane to kurla ??? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
train kitni late chal rahi hai? 
kayan to thane? whats d status  (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)
is thw fast local running from churchgate to dadar???
Bhandup to Thane working or not? (sent from Bhandup)
towards CST or towards Thane ? (sent from Ghatkopar)
train condition Kya hai ulhasnagar se?? (sent from Shahad)
are trains stopped after kurla ?? (sent from Bhandup Stn.)
can I go to ghatkopar by road from thane???? (sent from Taloja)
what the status of ulhasnagar to Mulund status of train (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
are the central line trains on time? (sent from Mulund Stn.)
kanjur to vidyavihar train is working or not? (sent from Kanjur Marg)
Dombivali thane fast track train aahe ka?? (sent from Dombivli)
dadar train running or not ?
? (sent from Mulund Stn.)
train is running between ghatkspor and dadr ???? (sent from Nerul Stn.)
are the trains running from Ghatkopar?
what about Thane to klyan?
kurla to vidyavihar chalu hai kya?? (sent from Juinagar Stn.)
what's the status of central line?? are trains running  (sent from Vidyavihar Stn.)
Which train on Thane station Platform no 1?
are train running from ghatkopar to kurla? 
Any issues with trains from Byculla to Ghatkopar? (sent from Byculla)
sab train band hai kya? (sent from Thane Stn.)
Train chalu hai kya dombivli to cst ?? (sent from Dombivli)
is there any train running from dombivli?  (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
is there running any train kalyan to thane??
Which train on Indicator platform no 1 Thane station
I've to go vidyavihar can any1 suggest i can reach or not
ghatkopar to bhandup ?? (sent from Vidyavihar Stn.)
what's the status of trains from Dombivli to Ghatkopar (sent from Dombivli)
Sion to ghatkopar train chalu hai Kya?? (sent from Gtb Nagar)
what is the status at Dombivli (sent from Thane Stn.)
ghatkopr to dadr ???? (sent from Nerul Stn.)
are trains working ??aheaf ghatkopr (sent from Kurla)
don't risk especially when u have your baby along ..  (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
anyone at Vidyavihar station? (sent from Bhandup)
what is train status between mumbra to dadar
what is status of kalyan to badlapur  (sent from Kalyan)
is there any train on platform 1?
is it true tht trains are running till ghatkopar? and thn ghatkopar to CST? plz confirm (sent from Thane Stn.)
what's the train status from dadar to gharkopar (sent from Matunga Road Stn.)
what announcement (sent from Kalyan)
kurla to ghatkopar is it running? (sent from Mankhurd)
r trains running from Vidya vihar to Dombivli?  (sent from Vidyavihar)
ghtkpr to dadr workng or not ?? (sent from Nerul Stn.)
are trains running from Thane to Kalyan? (sent from Vithalwadi)
kalyan to cst ?? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
trans harbour is on time ? (sent from Thane Stn.)
what is the current status of central railway ?  (sent from Kasara Stn.)
are slow trains on time?  (sent from Thane)
Does Anybody know whether Ladies special train reached CSMT?
what about train going from CST to thane ??? (sent from Byculla Stn.)
what is the situation from ulhasnagar to thane (sent from Shahad)
is metro working???
trains r working? (sent from Tilak Nagar Stn.)
trains r working? (sent from Tilak Nagar Stn.)
trains are running from thane to cst?? (sent from Thane)
what announcement? (sent from Shahad)
train from badlapur to cst? (sent from Badlapur)
is there is slow train from thane to mumbra (sent from Thane Stn.)
is trains are working from dombivli to kurla?  (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
thane to vikhroli any status? (sent from Mulund)
trains are working after thane ?? (sent from Cst Stn.)
what is status of train leaving from karajat 10:45
Cst to Thane any update? are the trains running? 
? (sent from Tilak Nagar Stn.)
? (sent from Tilak Nagar Stn.)
Thane ti Dombivli ? (sent from Bandra)
ghatkopar to Thane working ? (sent from Ghatkopar)
what is positioning of cst trains (sent from Seawood Darave Stn.)
???
Dadar to Thane train running status? (sent from Dadar Stn.)
fast trains working ??? (sent from Parel Stn.)
 train are running late? (sent from Ghatkopar)
trains from CST to Thane is ok? (sent from Marine Lines Stn.)
kurla to cst train is working? 
any update on trains going towards cst from mulund  ? is it on time ?
 thane to ka kanjur slow!?  (sent from Thane)
 are trains going towards cst from Ghatkopar?
thane to vikroli is running ?
arre trains working between Kurla and Byculla?
Sion to ghatkopar working?? (sent from Gtb Nagar)
what abt thane to domb?? (sent from Thane Stn.)
what about now condition 
is there anyone on Kurla stn (sent from Parel)
is there any trn available for Kalyan from Kurla..
r trains running between ghatkopar to kurla?  (sent from Andheri)
r trains running between ghatkopar to kurla?  (sent from Andheri)
badlapur to thane  on time? (sent from Ambernath)
pls what is status between thane to asangoan. (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
what abt dombivli to vidyavihar (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
pls what is status between thane to asangoan. (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
dadar to thane? (sent from Dadar Stn.)
I have to take a flight from domestic airport. How is the train running from Dombivili to Ghatkopar section on C Rlwy.? (sent from Thakurli)
are fast trains working smoothly? slow trains are going slow and is stopping many times in between
vidya vihar se thane trains chalu hai kya????  (sent from Chembur Stn.)
are fast trains working smoothly? slow trains are going slow and is stopping many times in between
what about fast train to cst (sent from Thane Stn.)
dadar to ghatkopar? (sent from Dadar)
what about kalwa to cst (sent from Kalva)
what is the status Badlapur pls reply
hello friends...train chal rhe hai kya dombivli to cst? (sent from Dombivli)
thane to cst running or not
what is the status Badlapur pls reply
are fast trains working smoothly? slow trains are going slow and is stopping many times in between
Ghatkopar to Dadar???? (sent from Vikhroli)
does trains are running good from Dombivali to Ghatkopar? (sent from Dombivli)
ghatkopar pasun pudhe trains jat ahet ka?  (sent from Matunga Road Stn.)
ghatkopar pasun pudhe trains jat ahet ka?  (sent from Kings Circle Stn.)
are trains running from Thane-Dombivli? (sent from Bandra)
sion me pani bhar chuka he. trains bohat hi slow chal rahi he (sent from Sion Stn.)
are trains running from Thane-Dombivli? (sent from Bandra)
aap Western line chat pe puchho
How about situation at Central railway.rght now.Is that good plan to move towards CST (sent from Mulund Stn.)
what is the current situation at Mumbra 
what about fast train to cst (sent from Thane Stn.)
is CST to Thane running? someone please update! (sent from Cst Stn.)
what is the position on Dombivili to Ghatkopar C Rlwy route (sent from Thakurli)
what about dadar to mulund (sent from Matunga Stn.)
what about ambernath to dombivali
is kurla to Kalyan Working pls reply?? (sent from Tilak Nagar)
train between ghtkpr to  dadr  are workng ? (sent from Juinagar Stn.)
are trains running between mulund to asangoan? (sent from Mulund)
is there any probl. for central railway (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
are the trains late? (sent from Kopar Stn.)
kalva to Dadar running?? (sent from Kalva Stn.)
dadar to cst running?? (sent from Bandra Stn.)
 what about 10.42 Badlapur local ? (sent from Badlapur Stn.)
 what about 10.42 Badlapur local ? (sent from Badlapur Stn.)
train is on time ? (sent from Vikhroli)
what u want?? (sent from Kurla Stn.)
dadar to cst??? (sent from Bandra Stn.)
cst to vikrohli?? (sent from Masjid Stn.)
mumвrα tσ cѕt ѕtαtuѕ?
guys I'm willing to travel from vikhroli to titwala.... how late are trains running  (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)
what do you mean by returning? (sent from Gtb Nagar Stn.)
what is position from Kalyan to cstm (sent from Kalyan)
update please from Kurla to Kalyan ? (sent from Tilak Nagar)
? (sent from Badlapur Stn.)
what is the status of central line (sent from Masjid Stn.)
What's the update on Central Railway (sent from Mulund)
please answer yaar Kurla to Kalyan? (sent from Tilak Nagar)
Thane ghatkopar? (sent from Vithalwadi Stn.)
is Ghatkopar-CST route on time ? (sent from Ghatkopar)
is Ghatkopar-CST route on time ? (sent from Ghatkopar)
are the trains running from thane? (sent from Thakurli)
don't put any questions on chats.. anyone who have update will post here.. everyone asking the same question. don't flood the chat. unable to to read the chats
from which platform ? To CST kya
Ghatkopar to CST train started or not
ambernath to thane trains are running ?
is it so ?? (sent from Ghatkopar)
dadar to cst running ? (sent from Bandra Stn.)
train chalu he kya karjat ke liye...? (sent from Vikhroli)
Kurla se panvel k liye train chalu hai kya??
is there any train from dombivli to cst ???
cst trains running frm thane or not
wat is the status of central line?
what is the status of train at mulund towards dadar now ? (sent from Mulund)
what about down fast local from csmt
from kurla to thane?
mumbra to cst train chalu hy ky....?  (sent from Mumbra)
why the F**" is everyone asking the same question
formal announcement trains are late by 20 to 25 minutes. so you can imagine actually how late trains are running
train status from thanee   ppls ? (sent from Mulund Stn.)
train status from kalyan?
karjat ke liye train chalu he kya bhai log...? (sent from Vikhroli)
formal announcement trains are late by 20 to 25 minutes. so you can imagine actually how late trains are running
cst-thane train???
dadar  cst chalu ahe? (sent from Bandra Stn.)
what happened?? (sent from Mulund Stn.)
are train running on time from badlapur to csmt ?
Are trains running between Dombivli and Thane? (sent from Dombivli)
r trains running late? (sent from Kurla Stn.)
what Happened on Thane station?? (sent from Mulund Stn.)
what is the central suburban local position (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
what is current status 
kurla dadar what satetus (sent from Chembur Stn.)
what is the status post sion? sion to cst? 
thane Tak hi chalrai suna me? (sent from Kopar Stn.)
if not an emergency no need to go anywhere because I m in Dadar fast which is stuck between ghatkopar and kurla since half an hour
dadar to cst status?
kurla to cst train is working? please tell me  (sent from Kurla Stn.)
is there any Klyn train coming towards thane
is train running smoothly from Kurla to Dadar.....??? (sent from Mulund Stn.)
is central line is running or not
trains  running properly frm kalyan to cst??
titwala to csmt trian status?  (sent from Vasind)
Any train status from Nahur to CSMT? (sent from Nahur)
kurla to cst train is working?  (sent from Kurla Stn.)
?? (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
are trains for kurla to Thane are working..? (sent from Kurla Stn.)
can we reach to ghatkopar from Kalyan? (sent from Shahad)
still the same problem?
what's the status of train from mumbra to CST 
kasara - Kalyan train running??
so far no trains starting  from Thane to cst. those which comes from Kalyan side proceeding.  (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
vikroli To Ghatkopar? train Working? (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)
Dombivali thane trains r on time?? (sent from Dombivli)
update for thane to cst??  (sent from Vidyavihar)
I am coming from Borivali to go to CST shall I come or not 
bandra train ahe ka...? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
are you serious, what the hell, what happened at sion (sent from Thane Stn.)
are trains running between cst to thane?? (sent from Grant Road)
what's the status (sent from Mahim Jn Stn.)
actual announcement "due to heavy rain central and harbour trains are running late by 20 to 25 minutes" so you can imagine how late actually they are running
bandra train ahe ka....? (sent from Kopar Stn.)
what is the status at thane
actual announcement "due to heavy rain central and harbour trains are running late by 20 to 25 minutes" so you can imagine how late actually they are running
bandra train ahe ka...? (sent from Kopar Stn.)
Why are there no trains available from thane to cst?? (sent from Thane)
actual announcement "due to heavy rain central and harbour trains are running late by 20 to 25 minutes" so you can imagine how late actually they are running
what is current status of central line? (sent from Vithalwadi)
Why are there no trains available from thane to cst?? (sent from Thane)
hello aaj ka plan kya??  (sent from Mulund Stn.)
are trains working from ghatkopar to dadar ? (sent from Ghatkopar)
ghatkopar to karjat train??? update pl
bandra train ahe ka...? (sent from Kopar Stn.)
ठाणे to कंजूमार्ग ?? (sent from Thane Stn.)
what is status of central train (sent from Parel Stn.)
vasai to diva, r the train running properly?
are trains running from Thane to Ghatkopar? (sent from Rabale)
actual announcement "due to heavy rain central and harbour trains are running late by 20 to 25 minutes" so you can imagine how late actually they are running
any trains from Badlapur? (sent from Badlapur)
Hi! What about the trains from ghatkopar to thane?
i am coming from kalyan to kurla.. should I come or no?  ..is it safe?  (sent from Shahad)
is any train are available between matunga to ghatkop (sent from Matunga Road Stn.)
trains cancelled hai Kya? (sent from Kalva Stn.)
dombivali to thane trains working on time??  (sent from Thane Stn.)
where is kasara  local 10.29 (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)
 local train status please?
kya bhai train bohat late hai (sent from Parel Stn.)
whether fast trains are running properly or not? (sent from Parel Stn.)
Dombivli to Mulund train status?? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
Dombivli to Mulund train status?? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
till Ghatkopar? (sent from Byculla Stn.)
what about Mulund to Ghatkopar (sent from Mulund)
any update on Thane to start trains? (sent from Thane)
is that trains are running from dadar to thane..??
dadar to kalyan trains are working properly? 
any update regarding trains from dombivali??? (sent from Dombivli)
Sachi thane see aage nai jarai Kya ? (sent from Kopar Stn.)
any idea if cst to badlapur trains are running?  (sent from Grant Road)
any one at Vidyavihar I have car I can drop where every u want only 3 people (sent from Vidyavihar Stn.)
is kurla to cst slow trains working? (sent from Govandi)
pakka na ? (sent from Kopar Stn.)
any delays on Kalyan - Ghatkopar route ? pls inform (sent from Thakurli)
Trains to CST from Thane working ?
train from Thane to Cst is running or not?  (sent from Ghansoli Stn.)
what is that announcement about ghatkopar station? (sent from Nerul Stn.)
status from kurla towards karjat ? (sent from Chembur)
is there any train from dombivli?  (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
western line closed but what about central line in general? (sent from Ambernath)
hi I am moving from shahad to catch now can move is it ok? (sent from Shahad)
Are the train's  working from Ghatkopar to Thane? (sent from Ghatkopar)
is Trains on time? 
is any one there who is coming in my car I can help  (sent from Vidyavihar Stn.)
thane to cst train working?  (sent from Thane)
 what is vasai to panvel current situation.?.
what to do Dombivlikars?  (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
what is the update  (sent from Kalva Stn.)
CST to Thane is working? (sent from Lower Parel)
what's the status
what about train from Ghatkopar to dadar (sent from Andheri)
what is the status between Thane to cst
Ghatkopar to thane train working? (sent from Ghatkopar)
Kalyan se Thane working?? 
what's the status between Ghatkopar to Thane??? 
what abou t going to kalyan from thane? (sent from Thane)
Badlapur se trains kitne late hai?  (sent from Badlapur Stn.)
What about trains from badlapur and ambarnath. leaving home now! anyone??? (sent from Ambernath)
train from parel to Ghatkopar working or not?? (sent from Elphinstone Road)
kurla to Vikhroli trains running?  (sent from Kurla Stn.)
whats the status from cst to kurla?
what about the status trains from Karla to cst??? (sent from Khandeshwar Stn.)
ghatkopar to dadar i eorking or not?  (sent from Ghatkopar)
kurla to ambernath working?  (sent from Vidyavihar Stn.)
konti train geliye kA dombivli varun?  (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
what is the status (sent from Kopar)
11:06 klyan-tna left or still to come? waiting since 30mns (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
are trains delayed on central line . what  is the status between Thane and  vikroli  (sent from Koparkhairne Stn.)
what is the reason of delay  (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
Thane to Kurla train time pe hai kya...??? (sent from Byculla)
Trains From Kurla To Vikhroli are Running or not? (sent from Kurla)
what is train status in central line (sent from Vikhroli)
Are there any trains from Thane to CSMT?  (sent from Kalva)
Karjat/Khopoli la janarya trains chalu ahet Ka?
mumbra to cst trane are working ?
parel to kurla train chalu hai kya?? (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)
thane to cst train working..??
mumbra se cst train chalu hai kya bhai log?
cst to badlapur train chal rahi hai??
bhandup to Kalyan train chalu he? (sent from Kanjur Marg)
Is the central train running from Goregaon to CST (sent from Dadar Stn.)
 trains running properly? (sent from Kalva)
mumbra se train chai hai kya?
are thane CST trains working ? (sent from Rabale)
are Central line railway is on time? (sent from Kalyan)
average Kitna late hai trains?  (sent from Badlapur Stn.)
But what? (sent from Nahur Stn.)
what is problem exactly central line? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
cotton green k liye train chalu h?? (sent from Malad)
are trains working properly? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
kyn Thane trn are working....?? (sent from Kalyan)
train are late??? (sent from Malad)
status of slow trains? (sent from Nahur Stn.)
trains arent working properly in central. down trains are only working on fast tract that too with delays. up trains are arriving with delays upto 1 hr. have fun. bunk office chill! 🍺 (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
is train running properly?
status of slow trains? (sent from Nahur Stn.)
what is the status of train fron Dombivali to cstm (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
is there any problem ghatkopar to dadar
ghatkopar station?? (sent from Bhandup)
what is the status of kalyan-kasara train? (sent from Vasind Stn.)
what is the status of train from Dombivali to cstm? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
kurla to cst train is working?  (sent from Kurla Stn.)
any  problem near ambivali station?
what is the status of 11 23 from Badlapur  (sent from Ambernath Stn.)
are Thane to Kasara trains running on time?  (sent from Kalva)
what is the status of trains running from cst to Thane  (sent from Lower Parel)
what is current status of western line train 
mumbra se kurla Jane ki train sab chalu h??
u're at central line chat (sent from Mumbra)
what is the problem  in between vithalwadi and kalyan? Now 11.18 CSTM local from Badlapur stuck  before vithalwadi.  (sent from Vithalwadi Stn.)
Hi. Are trains running smooth between Parel and vikhroli? (sent from Elphinstone Road Stn.)
thane chya pude train jate ka??? (sent from Dombivli)
CST to Thane train status? (sent from Currey Road Stn.)
badlapur me train ka Kya status h?? (sent from Ghatkopar)
what is the current status of the trains on Central line???
is trains working?
kurla to ghatkopar train status kya hai? (sent from Kharghar)
Mulund to CST train status pls?
what abt down side trains??
dadar to Thane status? (sent from Gtb Nagar Stn.)
all trains are cancelled or what (sent from Mulund)
are the trains from cstm to thane running? (sent from Chinchpokli Stn.)
what is issue between in domb to kurla (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
what about up trains ? (sent from Ghatkopar)
trains are running ? (sent from Chembur Stn.)
diva to mulund chalo hai KY?  (sent from Dativali Stn.)
how much delay??
mumbra se train chalu hai kya??? 
any delays? (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)
ulhasnagar to CST status? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
mumbra se train chalu hai kay?
is there any water logging on railway track? (sent from Currey Road Stn.)
dombivli to thane? (sent from Dombivli)
are trains running from kalyan to thane ?
ghatkopar to domvivali chalu ahe ka ? (sent from Chembur Stn.)
train chalu hai kya kalwa se bhandup tak?? (sent from Kalva)
what is the status of trains from Kalyan to thane?
trains at mulund station??? (sent from Mulund Stn.)
   thane 2 diva train is their or not
?
Badlapur to CST are trains running on time? (sent from Badlapur)
thane to csmt train ???
dombivli to thane any updte?? (sent from Dombivli)
anybody coming to kalsubai?? (sent from Mulund Stn.)
🚆 🚆 train  chalu hau k nhi mumbra?? 
Thane to can't trains any update ?
what is the status for mumbra to thane (sent from Mahalakshmi)
is slow track working??? (sent from Kalyan)
thane to kanjurmarg chal rhi hai kya? (sent from Nahur Stn.)
any update   vikhroli to mumbra???? (sent from Vikhroli)
Can anyone tell me Netravati train status please? (sent from Mulund)
kanjur to Thane are the trains running? (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)
is there any issue in travelling frm mumbra to kurla?  (sent from Kurla Stn.)
अंबरनाथ ठाणे ट्रेन सुरू आहेत ना? (sent from Ambernath)
are down trains working from thane to ambarnath ?
where is 10:38 karjat trains
ambernath Jane train. hai ? (sent from Vidyavihar Stn.)
are train working from dombivili to mulund?  (sent from Dombivli)
is Thane to Kurla line running ok?
any delay from badlapur to vikhroli? (sent from Badlapur)
बदलापुर ते सिएसटी सुरु आहेत का?
if continiouslu rain how it will be ok (sent from Nerul Stn.)
what about thane station?? Are trains running from thane to cst?? ??
what about 10.27 from badlapur (sent from Badlapur)
help me with the train status between thane and CST ?
bandra to cstm trains are working or not
Are the trains on time from cst to dadar?  (sent from Cst Stn.)
Kurla station status? (sent from Vikhroli)
what's the status of central railwaya (sent from Nahur)
what about SION sl (sent from Ghansoli)
is Central Line  Train running on time ???
what is status of train from kalyan to diva (sent from Titwala Stn.)
running.. 1 and 3 platforms no trains. ecvept one special train that arrived. but they are dekayed.. crowded n moving slow (sent from Kopar Stn.)
r train working from ambernath to thane ??? (sent from Thane)
dombivli Se Koi train gai he Kya?  (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
trains are running from Vikhroli to Thane ??
Ghatkopar to Kalyan trains running?
what about soon and ghatkopar (sent from Kalva Stn.)
bhai log thane se cst ka train chalu he kya?? (sent from Mulund Stn.)
dombivli Se Koi train gai he Kya?  (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
where is 11:41? from badlapur (sent from Badlapur Stn.)
What about kanjurmarg to dadar?  train running on time ? 
??
is the central line working (sent from Chunabhatti Stn.)
how much delay , any idea?
thane to cst workng ???
badlapur to thane? (sent from Badlapur Stn.)
mujhe bhandup se currey road jana hai main ja sakta hunn ?? (sent from Bhandup)
what about Train status central line 
sion station ka kya hal hai? (sent from Currey Road Stn.)
Is the train running from thane to karjat ?? (sent from Ghansoli Stn.)
what about Kasara train@? 
Trai Status of Dombivli to vidyavihar plz update?? (sent from Dombivli)
I heard trains are till Sion only and not going ahead??  (sent from Kalva)
any update on thane to karjat root ? (sent from Ghansoli Stn.)
how is status of train from CST to Dombivli? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
is it raining in thane heavily? 
which station? (sent from Dombivli)
Are trains in the central line on time? (sent from Byculla)
Kasara to csmt chalu hey kya @?
is all trains going proper from ghatkopar till cst
how r train working r they on time as lot if say water logging
what about central line vadala to Andheri
central line chal raha h kya...???  (sent from Ghatkopar)
can i catch train from Vikhroli towards Dombivli?? I have my Family along with me... (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)
αnч updαtє mumвrα tσ ghαtkσpαr??
what about badlapur to thane? (sent from Badlapur Stn.)
 what is train status (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
how is CST to thane?? (sent from Charni Road)
what  (sent from Dombivli)
whats the status in central line...is the trains running beyond thane?? (sent from Kanjur Marg)
latest update? (sent from Andheri Stn.)
central line ki train kitna late he ? (dombivli) (sent from Dombivli)
ghatkopar to dadar??  (sent from Ghatkopar)
is trains working from kurla to dadar..?? (sent from Gtb Nagar Stn.)
vidyavihar to dombivli ... ?
what is status at kurla (sent from Vikhroli)
should one leave from dombivli to go to mulund??Are the trains running properly now? (sent from Thakurli Stn.)
train on time or what?
thane se CSMT train chalu hai kya??
what  is current train status
where is 12.02  CST?? From Khadavli  (sent from Khadavli Stn.)
what the status of Central line trains between mumbra to kurla
hi are trains working from kalyan to Thane??
Is thr any delay in trains from Ambernath towards CST ? (sent from Ambernath)
what is current status  (sent from Mulund Stn.)
thane kurla train chalu hui kya?  barish hai kya (sent from Dombivli)
what is the condition of trains at cst (sent from Bhivpuriroad)
what status from Dombivli to CSMT (sent from Dombivli)
dadar se best ke buses chalu hai kya ? (sent from Sion Stn.)
csmt to thane status??? (sent from Masjid Stn.)
are train going till thane??? (sent from Sandhurst Road Stn.)
same? (sent from Dombivli)
What is the status of train between Kurla to Dadar (sent from Tilak Nagar Stn.)
Ghatkopar ka status koi bta sakta hai kya? (sent from Badlapur Stn.)
dombivli Se Koi train jaa rahi he Kya?  (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
are trains running on time? (sent from Shahad)
how is situation in Kalyan Station?  (sent from Rabale)
are thane to dadar trains running on time?
mulund to Dombivali train chal rahi h Kya .. koi to batao?????  (sent from Nahur)
Any update  on Ghatkopar to CST train running  status?  (sent from Andheri Stn.)
thane to cst line chalu hai ? (sent from Belapur Cbd)
badlapur to kalyan? (sent from Badlapur Stn.)
status? (sent from Shahad Stn.)
and from towards Dombivali.?  (sent from Nahur)
are trains on time ? (sent from Kopar Stn.)
what is the status from Dadar to kalyan ???
I'm at sion how is situation of trains running downtown?
status from CST to thane?  (sent from Sandhurst Road)
dombivli to badlapur status? (sent from Thakurli)
what about badlapur to kalyan (sent from Badlapur Stn.)
is the train getting stuck in sion 
if there is heavy rainfall than why they stop the services of train so that everyone can be safe at home but due to this only everyone rush for the job as at workplace no one listens the reason (sent from Parel)
thane to ambernath train running?? (sent from Thane)
what about kasara to thane?
cst to thane???
dadar to thane how much late?? reply asap (sent from Matunga Road Stn.)
what's the status of Badlapur trains (sent from Ambernath Stn.)
ghatkopar to cst working?  (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
is there any train problem travelling to downside??? (sent from Dombivli)
bhai Vikroli se train chalo hai kya ?
How are down town from sion?pl reply someone  (sent from Gtb Nagar Stn.)
what is the status from parel to kaanjurmarg? (sent from Mumbai Central Stn.)
kasara se thane trains chalu hai kya?
what's about badalpurw (sent from Marine Lines)
 tairns are running toward asangaon or not??? (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)
why trains will be closed actr 1 hou? 
metro is running ? (sent from Kurla Stn.)
Is there train delay..?
 what's the condition at Sion? (sent from Kalva)
r trains moving ahead frm ghatkopar, sion? (sent from Kalva Stn.)
r train running from diva to cst? ??
what is the status of train???? (sent from Andheri)
is train are running on time?  (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
what is the status of central railway now (sent from Vikhroli)
train on Time?  (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
Thane to down Badlapur... Kalyan...trains status please??? (sent from Mulund)
are the trains running late? (sent from Andheri)
badlapur to dadar status??
dombivli te ghatkopar train chalu ahet ka ???
mulund to cst conditions? 
cancel hui hai kya?? (sent from Thane)
? (sent from Mumbai Central Stn.)
Dadar to thane status?? (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)
vangani se cst any status??
Heavy rains Ghat koper, marol please stay at home
Is there any prblm between Thane - Badlapur ????? Status ?? (sent from Turbhe)
what is the position of kasar
dadar to CSMT?? (sent from Dadar Stn.)
are any tran cancelled due to bridge collapse? (sent from Khopoli Stn.)
any updates on Thane to dadar?
dombivli Se train gai Kya Koi?  (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
bhai ghatkopar and ke liye koi problem or not?? (sent from Thakurli Stn.)
badlapur to cst ? (sent from Badlapur)
fast train status fron thane to dadar??
dadar to CSMT?? (sent from Dadar Stn.)
Kurla to CST status? (sent from Govandi Stn.)
is train running??  (sent from Byculla)
kurla ghatkoper are working? (sent from Gtb Nagar Stn.)
thane to kalyan status??? (sent from Thane)
what's status of train from Thane to dombiwali?
trains started from thane to cst or not ???
why is d status now??
thane to kalyan?
what's the train running status from thane to  cst?
is central line working? (sent from Matunga Road Stn.)
Ghatkopar to Thane chalu hai na?!!
thane to kalyan? (sent from Thane)
Thane to CST ?
chalu ahet ka train?  (sent from Thane)
ट्रेन सुरु आहेत का ? (sent from Bandra)
is central. line working on time?  (sent from Turbhe)
kalyan to karjat chalu aahet ka? (sent from Badlapur)
trains are working? (sent from Thane)
What about thane to panvel (sent from Kharghar Stn.)
train chalu ahe ka?  (sent from Bandra)
Dadar to CSMT ?? plz plz plz (sent from Dadar Stn.)
are the trains in central like working?  (sent from Mumbai Central Stn.)
what abt central line (sent from Turbhe)
kalyan to cst?  (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
Thane to CSTM working? (sent from Thane Stn.)
thane to Airoli status pls? (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)
what abt central line (sent from Turbhe)
Towards thane trains on or off? (sent from Thakurli Stn.)
Mulund platform no. 3 Pe TC khada hai ky..?  (sent from Mulund)
Ghatkopar to Dombivali train Chalu aahet Kay? 
dadar to Thane status? (sent from Gtb Nagar Stn.)
Is train delayed?? (sent from Mulund)
trains from Kurla to Dadar? (sent from Kalyan)
train status ??
what is the status of trains in sion Station  (sent from Gtb Nagar)
what about ghatkopar to dadar (sent from Vikhroli)
dombivli to kurla trains status? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
is train running from dombivli to thane ? (sent from Nilje)
trains shahad se chlu h kyaaa ??? (sent from Shahad)
is train running from thane to dadar?
what is status thane byculla plz tell me
how to reply perticular questions (sent from Bhandup Stn.)
train are working at Kurla???
kanjurmarg to Thane trains are working? (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)
is there heavy rains in Mumbai now? (sent from Thakurli)
are trains working properly at thane station?
karjat to CST any train is Der ????
kalyan to dadar train chalu aahe ka??
mumbra till kurla working properly ?? please reply. 
Mulund to dombivli working? (sent from Mulund)
what's the status from thane to dombivli? (sent from Nerul Stn.)
Panvel to thane chalu aahe ka?  (sent from Belapur Cbd)
kalyan to thane chalu he kya? (sent from Vithalwadi)
what is the status of trains
ambernath to thane train running status?? 
Ghatkopar se aage cst  ja rahi hai kya?? (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)
Thane cst ontime hai kya ? (sent from Thane Stn.)
trains are running between Thane to CSMT???  (sent from Thane Stn.)
shayad to Ghatkopar train chalu hai? (sent from Shahad)
byculla to thane train status? (sent from Badlapur)
trains are running between sion or kurla? (sent from Kopar)
r u traveling in the train ?? (sent from Mahim Jn Stn.)
dombivli to thane? (sent from Thakurli Stn.)
what about Thane to Ulhas Nagar 
thane to dadar? (sent from Borivali Stn.)
is there train working towards kalyan (sent from Nahur Stn.)
Thane to cat trains are running?? 
what is train status from thane to mumbra
guys train chara hai?
byculla to thane ???  any status (sent from Mumbai Central)
Mumbra till Kurla , is it working properly?
what about Dombivili to CST? (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)
train status from dombivili to CST? (sent from Dombivli)
train chau hai frm vidya vihar???  (sent from Vidyavihar)
what's the status from thane (sent from Nerul Stn.)
status of train from ghatkopar to cst? plz update (sent from Ghatkopar)
what is the train status
are trains running towards CST? 
is central railway is okk??????????? (sent from Mahalakshmi Stn.)
Kurla to dombivli? 
which side trains? can you specify?  (sent from Dombivli)
what abt thane to Ambarnath (sent from Thane Stn.)
byculla to thane ? (sent from Mumbai Central)
what about Kurla to dombiwali (sent from Mankhurd Stn.)
what about mulund to Ambernath 
badlapur to thane train late hai kya?
hello any updates of sion..?? is there any water logging there..?? (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)
are train s running?
anybody know about kasara local?  (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
central rail is running properly? (sent from Kurla)
please tell me byculla to thane status ? (sent from Byculla)
12:16 Ambarnath from dombvli on time? (sent from Ambernath)
are trains working on time from thane ? (sent from Dombivli)
what about CST to Parel
what is States Central line (sent from Mumbra)
how much delay is there (sent from Vidyavihar)
is this trains are running between bhandup to dombivili??  (sent from Bhandup)
current status of trains from dadar to dombivli? (sent from Santa Cruz Stn.)
Trains working from Dombivli ? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
will anyone let us know? (sent from Santa Cruz Stn.)
central train chal rhe hai kya? (sent from Nerul Stn.)
are trains moving ahead of thank? (sent from Shahad)
Central line ok? (sent from Lower Parel)
*than? (sent from Shahad)
what is the status of train from kalyan to karjat?? 
are trains from Airoli to Thane working? (sent from Airoli Stn.)
central rail running? (sent from Kurla)
11 39 Karjat fast reached Ghatkopar at 12 25 (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
from Vidyavihar? (sent from Vidyavihar)
mulund to Dadar status?  (sent from Mulund)
cst to thane chalu he kay? (sent from Bandra Stn.)
trains r running towards titwala side????? (sent from Mumbra Stn.)
What is the status of train?  (sent from Churchgate)
what is the status of trains from Thane to Kanjurmarg guys 
is central line working properly towards dadar? (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)
What's the update from CST towards Kalyan trains (sent from Kalyan)
kurla ka Kya scene ha? (sent from Chembur)
Are trains towards CST running properly.?? (sent from Thane)
Sion mai rain kam hue kya? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
dombvli to Thane? (sent from Ambernath Stn.)
thane to dombivli train?? is it running?? (sent from Dombivli)
Is it raining heavily there in Thane? (sent from Shahad Stn.)
dombvli to Ambarnath? (sent from Ambernath Stn.)
cst to Vikhroli are any trains running?
train update?? (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)
Kalyan to Thane ? (sent from Shahad)
what is the status of kurla? (sent from Chembur)
ghatkopar to parel, train is running ? (sent from Mulund Stn.)
r train running properly from Kalyan to vikroli? (sent from Shahad)
trains from Bhandup to cst r late? (sent from Nahur Stn.)
Kalyan to Thane? (sent from Shahad)
thane to cst train  running ?
Kurla to Ambernath? (sent from Sewri Stn.)
Sion track clear ho ra hai kya? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
what is train status from thane to Ghatkopar (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
kalwa?  (sent from Kalva)
Kalyan to Thane ?  (sent from Shahad)
are train on time from badlapur to cst?  (sent from Badlapur)
is there any problem from kalyan to katjat? 
is train is available from thane to vikroli ?
train for Ambernath badlapur?  (sent from Kalyan)
Hey what's status on kalyan to ghatkopar? (sent from Shahad)
is kurla to ghatkopar train on?
trains available from Ghatkopar to Kalyan?
are trains running between Ghatkopar to Parel?  (sent from Ghatkopar)
Like by how much? (sent from Shahad)
kurla to ghatkopar ?
thane to cst chalra hai kya???
wht is the status frm mumbra to bhandup?
11:40 BL from dombvli? (sent from Ambernath Stn.)
dombivli to thane train status ? (sent from Dombivli)
hi Nidhi were r u now ???? (sent from Vikhroli)
are train running between kalyan to ghatkoper? 
how are trains from kurla vidya vihar and ghatkopar?  (sent from Vidyavihar)
are these ppl crazy ?? why can't just read existing msgs.. just asking aame questions again n again 
Are you sure? (sent from Shahad)
all. train are on time or not
are Trains working after Ghatkopar??? (sent from Thane)
bullet train kiti vajta ahe? (sent from Ghatkopar)
kasara to cstm chalu hai kya?
is there any fast train will run from Badlapur to cst (sent from Badlapur Stn.)
ambernath to thane ?
are trains from dombivali to thane running on time? (sent from Kopar)
wht is the update frm mumbra to bhandup?
anyone plz update on shahad to CST ? (sent from Shahad Stn.)
ambernath to thane trains available ?
Ambarnath to Thane available? (sent from Ambernath Stn.)
hi ... trains towards cst from thane are working??
kurla to thane ? (sent from Vadala Road Stn.)
kitna aur kaha SE? (sent from Ambernath Stn.)
badlapur se train chalu hai Kya? (sent from Badlapur)
how  (sent from Dadar)
is der train on tym at Bhandup?
anyone reached ahead of dadar towards cst? 
Kalyan-thane trains available? (sent from Kalyan)
hi what happened at sion , anybody at Sion now, pls tell (sent from Thane)
Kakyan to cst trains are running ?
is there any fast train ..?? (sent from Mulund)
kaisa hai? (sent from Jogeshwari)
vikroli To Ghatkopar?? (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)
whether locals are running towards CSMT from Kalyan? (sent from Thakurli)
what about karjat side train status???? (sent from Thakurli Stn.)
what about trains towards vt (sent from Thane)
are fast trains running on platform 5 and 6 ?  (sent from Elphinstone Road Stn.)
CST to Dombivli kaisa status hai ? (sent from Thakurli Stn.)
anyone?  (sent from Mulund)
Thane to Ambernath trains are running?
what about trains towards Parel? (sent from Titwala Stn.)
dadar tothane? (sent from Bandra)
mulund to cst..?? (sent from Mulund)
what about kasara to kalyan... (sent from Titwala)
mumbra to bhandup? plz tell the updates
thane to cst trains are running or not please let me know???
what is status of mumbai locals? 
what's the status now at central line?? can anyone please update (sent from Panvel)
what's status of running train today (sent from Kalyan)
what's the status of central yrains
डोंबिवली to ठाणे किती वेळ लागेल? (sent from Kopar Stn.)
khopoli waterfall chalu hai kya??? (sent from Dombivli)
thane csmt??? (sent from Thane)
does today trains are running?? (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)
from where towards cst trains I don't think running properly, came back home (sent from Thane)
what's status (sent from Mulund)
Central Che train chalu aahe ka?  (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)
central line train status ?  (sent from Nerul)
dadar ratnagiri kitna late hai??? (sent from Dombivli)
CST to Dombivli train status? (sent from Churchgate)
is it working properly from panvel to thane?
are trains working from Dadar to Badlapur? (sent from Parel)
whats the current status of trains?  (sent from Elphinstone Road)
is central line trains are running?
is there any trains available to asangaon
whats status towards titwala kasara?? 
train chalu hai kya? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
train late hai kya???
 central status??
what about train status from Dombivli to kanjurmarg ? (sent from Dombivli)
is Badlapur to cst working? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
what are current status of train in central line?
Ulhasnagar to kurla status ? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
are trains running from kurla to thane? (sent from Dockyard Road Stn.)
cst to karjat status? (sent from Parel)
what about ghatkoper to dombivali (sent from Andheri)
train from Ghatkopar to Kalyan .. is it working ???
what is status from Mulund to Kurla. (sent from Nahur)
what about cst to badlapur (sent from Churchgate)
what is the train status of kasara or asangaon near thane (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
train central status? (sent from Mulund Stn.)
Badlapur train is going on? (sent from Vikhroli)
ghatkopar to kalyan, are trains running? 
is kurla to Kalyan train working??
thane panvel train chalu he kya?
what is problem in Thane ? (sent from Titwala)
what is the situation of Central line
thane panvel train chalu he kya?
ghatkopar ae kalyan trains chalu hai? 
? (sent from Vikhroli)
what's the current status trains 
thane to dadar train chlu he kay?  (sent from Thane)
thane k liye train chalu hai kya?? (sent from Bandra Stn.)
kurla se cst train r moving? (sent from Kalyan)
are trains for csmt running from Kalyan?
what about dombivali
hii what is the status about thana to kalyan 
central trains are ontime???
towards kasara trains are on time?? or not??
ghatkopar to kalyan trains are not stopped, right?  (sent from Marine Lines Stn.)
are trains late between thane n Ghatkopar ?
central trains are ontime???
Bandra to thane train are movie or not?? (sent from Bandra Stn.)
kalyan to cst locals are on time now?  (sent from Shahad)
what central update (sent from Vadala Road)
status ?? (sent from Vikhroli)
where is 11:54 karjat from thane?
trains are on time...??? (sent from Vithalwadi)
thane to csmt ?
central line is ok naaa?? (sent from Dativali)
what about karjat trains ?  (sent from Mahalakshmi)
central railways. status?  (sent from Nahur)
juinagar to thane trains are running or not? (sent from Juinagar)
Are the trains running on time?
i vl go by evening to ghatkopar should i go???  (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
are the trains working rn? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
water logging kahi kami jhala ka Sion aani Matunga chya other? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
where kasara trai? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
want to reach titwala from cst are trains are on time??
sion position?? (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)
is central line trains are running??
thane se aage trains band hai kya??  (sent from Govandi)
Thane to csmt running or not ?
is there trian from khopoli to neral (sent from Lowjee)
are there trains at kurla?
mumbr to cst  train chalu h kya ??
kanjurmarg to kurla train chalu ahe kat. ?
what r the train situation frm ghatkopar ko thane
down line train chalu hey kya? (sent from Bhandup)
How is condition abt central line (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
what is the status about central line
Is there any issue from Thane to CST? (sent from Thane Stn.)
hi.ghatkopar to CST train running?
Ghatkopar to CST trains working? (sent from Vidyavihar Stn.)
what is the status between thane and vashi (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)
Ulhasnagar to Dadar, what's the situation (sent from Ambernath)
Anyone at thane - are trains running toward kasara. please confirm?
whr ia kasara train?? boarding time at Klyn 12:48 (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
hi what is the train status
Trains are running  central on time? 
mumbra to cst  train chalu h kya ???
wht abut trains from Thane to kalyan? (sent from Thane)
where is titwala train (sent from Titwala Stn.)
anyone in thane? (sent from Vithalwadi)
kurla trains?
kurla trains?
kurla to dadar train ????? (sent from Vashi Stn.)
trains are running from thane to vikroli ?
can anyone tell me the train status at kanjirmarg? (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)
are the trains running from kanjurmarg towards cst??? (sent from Bhayander)
badlapur to vikhroli ? (sent from Badlapur)
ghatkopar to dadar chalu he kya? (sent from Ghatkopar)
ghatkopar to bhandup train chalu hai kyq?? (sent from Bhandup Stn.)
ghatkopar to Kalyan? (sent from Vithalwadi)
Thane to cst what is the status
are the trains running from kurla to dadar? (sent from Vashi Stn.)
is there any local going to vasai road from cstm?? any diverted local??
train status at kanjirmarg pl? (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)
central chalu hai kyaa yaa late hai plzz replyy!??? (sent from Mahalakshmi Stn.)
I caught 11:44train from Thane which come at 12:20 to Thane and I am no reaching now at cst (sent from Sandhurst Road Stn.)
are trains running on time from badlapur to thane??  (sent from Badlapur)
i would request railway authority to give the notification on the app about train status it's very important after all the news which is given by railway authority are real and not the fake and it  help us to do the difference between rumours and real fact. (sent from Mumbra)
who is dadar train status (sent from Lower Parel)
trains are running on time? 
Trains from ambernath is on time towards cat?? (sent from Bandra)
I caught 11:44train from Thane which come at 12 20 at Thane now I'll be reaching T CST st (sent from Masjid Stn.)
what's the current status of up trains from Kalyan ?
Kasara to CST???
thane to badlapur aahe ka..? (sent from Thane Stn.)
are trains available for thane from badlapur??
any train issue in vithal wadi?? (sent from Kalyan)
has karjat train frm thane left? (sent from Badlapur Stn.)
what's the current status (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
trains are available from kalyan to kanjur marg????? (sent from Shahad Stn.)
both fast and slow late?? (sent from Airoli Stn.)
what's the actual time for badlapur fast train (sent from Kurla Stn.)
Are the trains crowded?
what is the status from thane to Badlapur (sent from Airoli Stn.)
are trains available for thane from badlapur??
khopoli fast of 1:00 pm not yet arrived at Thane station. can anyone update where the train is ?! (sent from Thane Stn.)
what is the train status from matunga to thane (sent from Matunga)
train are let ,,, bt not cancel na? (sent from Ambivli)
kalyan to thane chal raha he kya ? (sent from Kalyan)
trains are on time???? (sent from Bhivpuriroad)
what is d train status from ambivli to parel (sent from Ambivli)
what about Kurla trains 
what is the status from Ghatkopar to thane
are trains working properly towards  CST? 
what's the status? (sent from Mahim Jn)
how are trains towards kalyan working? (sent from Parel)
guys reply.. Kalyan to thane trains running ? on time or late ? Crowded ? (sent from Kalyan)
What abt ghatkopar to kalyan 
what is the status of the train from dombivli to ghatkopar?  (sent from Thakurli Stn.)
Kalyan to CST train ?? (sent from Thakurli Stn.)
are trains running from cst to kalyan ?
trains from CST to thane running properly? (sent from Chinchpokli Stn.)
What is dombivli to thane status?? (sent from Dombivli)
any train from Kalyan left for CST ??? (sent from Thakurli Stn.)
Are trains running from Kalyan to CST? (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)
i am new in mumbai kanjur marg to thane line is clear ?
anyone at Kalyan ???? (sent from Thakurli Stn.)
thane to dombivli trains are on time?  (sent from Tilak Nagar)
Kurla to Ambernath status? please
is there  waterlogging  near Sion ...kurla (sent from Marine Lines Stn.)
are trains running from karjat on time??? (sent from Bhivpuriroad)
ghatkopar thane train running???
wat no?  (sent from Tilak Nagar)
are trainss running from thane to cst? (sent from Kharghar Stn.)
are trains getting stuck Near sion matunga? (sent from Chinchpokli Stn.)
status of train from CST to Thane?
Kaun hai ye log.. Kaha se aate hai? 😂🤣
what abt the metro ?? (sent from Marine Lines Stn.)
any update of center line? 
thane to kurla? 
Kalyan to Thane..  how much late the trains are?  (sent from Vithalwadi)
kalyan se badlapur train chalu hai kya? (sent from Badlapur Stn.)
what's is the status of train (sent from Andheri Stn.)
central line trains ??
how late are central trains? (sent from Byculla Stn.)
10-15 mins? (sent from Byculla Stn.)
मुंबई ठाणे चालू आहेत काय? (sent from Grant Road Stn.)
what is status of trains from bhaykhala (sent from Mulund)
kyu ticket nai li kya bhai??
  what about matunga-thane? (sent from Vadala Road)
Kalyan cat routine clear ?
trains are running between dadar to Thane?? (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)
thane to cst? 
Kalyan to Kurla train ka status kya hai.  ? (sent from Shahad)
Thane dadar train on time ?
train status Thane csmt? (sent from Thane Stn.)
which train is available for Ahmedabad  (sent from Cst Stn.)
are train thane to airoli are running ? (sent from Vithalwadi Stn.)
what about trains going towards Cst? (sent from Shahad)
Ghatkopar ...Andheri metro working ?? (sent from Matunga Road Stn.)
is there a train for cst from thane??? (sent from Borivali)
is there any train available for titwala (sent from Bhandup Stn.)
i mean are these routes clear and working fine?? (sent from Borivali)
what's time of nizamuddin train?  (sent from Bhayander)
Sion ka waterlogging kam hua kya? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
what about train status ??? late??? (sent from Currey Road Stn.)
Sion mein water bhara hai kya? (sent from Vidyavihar)
hey what is the status between kurla to Sion? (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
what is the exact status of central line 
is slow down trains are running swiftly between Ghatkopar and Badlapur??
what is status now 
any updates on central line??
is train coming from kurla to Dadar? (sent from Juinagar Stn.)
hi.. status from Dombivili station towards CSMT?  (sent from Thane Stn.)
what's the status  (sent from Kanjur Marg)
12188 garibrath come which no platform at dadar (sent from Dadar Stn.)
kulra me pani bhara he kya?? (sent from Kalva)
thane to cst train are there ? (sent from Thane)
train chalu he Kya cst to kahan? (sent from Sandhurst Road Stn.)
from Thakurli to Ghatkopar train chalu hai ? (sent from Thakurli Stn.)
are train running from shahad to thane?? (sent from Shahad Stn.)
train chalu hai ya nhi???
ghatkopar to diva running ?
what is the status of central line's trains for CST
Karjat train ??
status for central line?
from kurla to? (sent from Juinagar Stn.)
Hi, are trn in d central line working? (sent from Ambernath)
Kalyan to csmt trains are going or not? (sent from Kalyan)
dombivli to cst train chalu hai kya ? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
what's about Central Railway  (sent from Bhandup Stn.)
status of ghatkopar to cst?? (sent from Ghatkopar)
why people are asking same question again!!! see previous messages for info (sent from Kopar)
central line working ?? (sent from Andheri)
express ka Kya haal he.. Jo kurla se nikti he..??? plzz koi batao (sent from Dombivli)
What Is The Latest Updates From Thane To CST
Thane - CST train working ? Please Guide (sent from Mulund)
What Is The Latest Updates From Thane To CST
Thane to cst train status?? 
what is the current status of ghatkopar to badlapur
Ghatkopar to Matunga?? (sent from Andheri)
are the trains from cst to Thane working normally?
thane to badlapur train status? (sent from Badlapur)
thane to cst ?? (sent from Kalva)
what is the status dombivali to thane??
karjat train status. ? (sent from Bhivpuriroad Stn.)
what is status of local train at Vikhroli station downside
dadar to kanjurmarg are trains running?  (sent from Vadala Road)
ambarnath to ulhasnagar trains available or not?
what is the train status (sent from Kurla)
thane to cst working? (sent from Thane)
cat to kalyan ???? (sent from Churchgate)
 thane to badlapur is train working properly? (sent from Badlapur)
how is the situation at Kurla Sion? (sent from Elphinstone Road)
central line trains chal rahe hai kya ?? (sent from Mahalakshmi)
what about ghatkoper to BADLAPUR 
guyzz is central line trains also stopped ? (sent from Chunabhatti)
mulund to cst  train chalu hay?
is locals are regular? (sent from Kalva)
is the train late on Ghatkopar (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
is it on time? central railway
what is the status about dombivli to parel? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
what is the train situation to Kalyan (sent from Kurla)
is the train on central are stoped (sent from Kurla)
badlapur खोपोली train status?  (sent from Badlapur Stn.)
those who are in travelling now.. pls update the status of trains. so that rest of people can plan according to that
kurla dadar ?? (sent from Nahur Stn.)
mumbra govandi cst chalu hai k nahi? (sent from Mumbra)
thane to cst train working???
is the central line from Thane to cst working ? (sent from Churchgate)
I want to leave office now. has anyone crossed Kurla Sion?  (sent from Lower Parel)
status.?? (sent from Mulund)
what about Kasara train? are Kasara route trains are running? (sent from Vikhroli)
मेल पॅसेंजर नाशिक कडे जाणाऱ्या चालू आहेत का??? (sent from Vidyavihar Stn.)
any updates on the central line?  (sent from Dahisar)
are trains running from Kalyan to Ghatkopar? (sent from Shahad)
dadar se kalayan hai kya???
any train left from Kalyan ???? (sent from Thakurli Stn.)
thane vashi? (sent from Airoli Stn.)
VT to vikhroli running on time?
what abt central railway?? (sent from Dadar Stn.)
any train reached at thakurli ? (sent from Thakurli Stn.)
trains r running between Dadar & kalyan?
what is the condition of central railway now (sent from Vidyavihar)
fast tairn hai on-time?  (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
thane down train is on time ???? (sent from Thane Stn.)
Fast trains from Dombivlik ?
what about trains condition of kasara side
is central line closed due to heavy rain?  (sent from Dahisar)
please Kalyan to CST update ?? (sent from Thakurli Stn.)
Kya heavy rains ki wajah se central line bandh ho gayi?  (sent from Dahisar)
is train running on time?
train is going from mankhurd to belapur or not? (sent from Mankhurd)
Kanjur marg pasun kurla chalu ahet ka ?
Kasara train running? Pls update (sent from Vikhroli)
what's is the status of local trains from. dombiwali  (sent from Dombivli)
thane to badlapur train working? (sent from Badlapur)
dombivli to dadar any update??? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
cst varun trains ahet ka??? (sent from Cst)
anyone at Kalyan ????  (sent from Thakurli Stn.)
cst to thane train chal rhi hai. ?
where is kasara train (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
is there any problem between Vikhroli and Kurla .. due to water logging on tracks (sent from Chunabhatti Stn.)
train from bhandup to ghatkopar working? (sent from Vikhroli)
what is the current status in central track 
Dombivali me train ayi kya ?  (sent from Thakurli Stn.)
Is the metro working? (sent from Govandi)
down trains running on time?  (sent from Chunabhatti)
does fast trains working from ghatkopar ? (sent from Vidyavihar Stn.)
any updates on train ? (sent from Churchgate)
status of thane to ghatkopar?
what the status of central line toward thane (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)
what about ghatkopar to thane trains? (sent from Ghatkopar)
whats the status of central line towards thane ??
plzzz update is it trains running or not?????  (sent from Bhandup Stn.)
what Abt Kurla to Dombivli?? (sent from Vidyavihar Stn.)
cst to ghatkopar chalu hai kya? (sent from Marine Lines Stn.)
train status?  (sent from Vikhroli)
what's the current status of train (sent from Grant Road)
GHATKOPAR TO BADLAPUR KYA TRAINS CHALU HAI ? (sent from Ghatkopar)
thane to ghatkopar?
what status from badlapur (sent from Badlapur)
train for thane from ambernath are available??
metro chal rahi hai kya? (sent from Govandi)
what about the train status from ghatkopar to cstm??
how trains r running today  (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)
mumbra se train chalu hai kya?
what is the current situation of central railway (sent from Thane)
vidya vihar ya ghatkopar stn k pass pani bhara hai kya ?  (sent from Vidyavihar)
cstm to borivali train chal rahi hai kya?? any one please confirm.
trains from Dadar to thane working ??? (sent from Matunga Road)
what is the status central line(csmt to dombivli)  (sent from Churchgate)
Is central line working as normal??  (sent from Neral Stn.)
how much late are trains in central line (sent from Thane Stn.)
what is a status of vikhroli to mulund??  (sent from Vikhroli)
what is badalapur train condition (sent from Sandhurst Road)
what is the status of central railway  (sent from Mulund)
trains from kura to thane on time ? (sent from Chunabhatti)
is central line close at this time? (sent from Sion)
trains from kura to thane on time ? (sent from Chunabhatti)
what about Dadar to Kalyan trains
diva train chalu ahe ka? (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)
train running smooth from carryroad to thane ? (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)
are trains running properly?  (sent from Elphinstone Road)
what the status for Ghatkopar to Kalyan  (sent from Andheri)
what's d status of parel and thane? (sent from Elphinstone Road Stn.)
kasara trains running??
dadar kya chal hai ?
is there any problem CSMT (sent from Sandhurst Road Stn.)
what is currently happening in central railway (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
सेंट्रल लाइन ठीक से चल रही है क्या ?
central line chalu hey kay?  (sent from Parel)
what is position on central railway (sent from Masjid Stn.)
kalyan to cst slow train is running fine? 
what about Kalyan to Badlapur trains? and Badlapur to Kalyan trains??  (sent from Kalyan)
???  (sent from Kalyan)
what about kasara trains??? (sent from Kalyan)
cst to kyn trains running or not? (sent from Churchgate)
kasara trains???
R trains running from CST to kalyan? (sent from Churchgate)
kasara to kalyan chal raha hey kya normal?? (sent from Churchgate Stn.)
can anyone tell me about down side train status? (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
what is a status of karjet train (sent from Badlapur Stn.)
what about panvel train from diva (sent from Dombivli)
Badlapur to Kalyan trains hai kya?  (sent from Kalyan)
is train running from diva to cst  ???
Hello everyone I'm waiting for 1.53 karjat local it's little late coz it's now 1.58 (sent from Thane Stn.)
central line train chalu hai kya? (sent from Vidyavihar Stn.)
Kalyan to Badlapur bhi chalu hai kya?  (sent from Kalyan)
train are running or not in central line??? (sent from Turbhe Stn.)
what's the status (sent from Khar Road)
Train status?  (sent from Elphinstone Road Stn.)
is central also affected ?
is train working from Ghtkp to Kalyan? (sent from Ghatkopar)
central line trains are running?? (sent from Bandra)
hello.. what's the train status CST to Thane?
central line? (sent from Churchgate)
how r u Mansi? (sent from Chunabhatti)
is train working from thane to ghatkopar ?
Hi....trains working?!?! (sent from Chunabhatti)
kuthla to dombivali trains r running ?? (sent from Bandra Stn.)
what is the timing of csmt to vasai road (sent from Chinchpokli Stn.)
is there water logging at kurla station (sent from Khar Road)
kulra to kalyan tari. chalu ahe ka ?? (sent from Bandra Stn.)
katrap Vidhyalaya cha ka tu? (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
me gharpe hu, me kidr jau ? (sent from Kalyan)
Vikhroli to Thane trains running? (sent from Vikhroli)
wat abt thane to cst is it working on time???
what's the status of central  (sent from Seawood Darave Stn.)
what is status of central railway (sent from Turbhe Stn.)
are trains working from neral to cst??  (sent from Neral)
Kalyan to cst?? 
Kalyan to cst?? 
any updates for dombivli to thane? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
Thane to kopar running fine? (sent from Mulund)
any news for trains towards kalyan?
are train working from Sion station now? (sent from Sion Stn.)
harber line is running or not
what is status of train from Mulund to Karjat  (sent from Mulund)
what abt kurla ro ghatkoper trains are running or not (sent from Kurla Stn.)
Vashi to thane are running or not..?
hi trains started ? (sent from Thakurli)
kasala thane working or not
fast rain is working or what  (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
are trains running now?  (sent from Lower Parel)
train from Thane to dadar is running fine??
is it raining in CST? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
is cst trns are on time properly? (sent from Ambivli Stn.)
are trains running smoothly between parel and thane? (sent from Elphinstone Road Stn.)
what's the status about train? Is it running or is it late  (sent from Mumbai Central Stn.)
Kurla to Panvel?? (sent from Vidyavihar Stn.)
thanks, any disruption in train service's? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
what about dombivali to kasara (sent from Dombivli)
trains status pls? (sent from Chembur)
train is on right time or not 
why? (sent from Cst Stn.)
shahad se asangaon  train chalu hai kya ? (sent from Shahad)
can anybody tell about the status for Down CST to Karjat Trains ? (sent from Koparkhairne)
kalyan to csmt fast local chal rhi hai?  (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
where is cst khopoli local? (sent from Karjat Stn.)
please tell me Ghatkoper status?  (sent from Vikhroli)
where is Asangaon or kasara train (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
cst khopoli kuthe pohochli? (sent from Karjat Stn.)
what is the status of central railway....are trains running on time...? (sent from Koparkhairne Stn.)
what about thane to ghatkopar?
Thane sae trains chalu hai kya towards ambernath??? (sent from Thane)
Byculla to Titwala train  what a status (sent from Cotton Green)
central lines trains are running properly?? pls reply (sent from Charni Road Stn.)
what is the status of trains from CSMT to kalyan
central line ki hal kya hai?
kasara to kalyan normal hey na trains??? (sent from Churchgate Stn.)
whats the status about Mulund-Dombivali ??? (sent from Mulund)
what status of thane to karjat train now?  (sent from Vashi Stn.)
Where has the Karjat Fast reached?  (sent from Ambernath Stn.)
 cstm to thane chalu hain train ki band hai ? (sent from Sandhurst Road)
central line trains are working?  (sent from Thane)
is central railway is running or not??
what about central line?
wht the trains from vikroli to dombivali......??? (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)
what is train status of CST to Thane (sent from Airoli Stn.)
is central railway is running or not??
Is train going from ghatkopar to thane?  (sent from Lower Parel)
what is the central line position (sent from Churchgate)
fast train is available ?? (sent from Mumbra Stn.)
trains are running from vile parle station???? (sent from Vile Parle)
trains r running between Dadar & kalyan?
what is Train Status in DDAR TO KALYAN? (sent from Mahalakshmi)
train halted or wat? (sent from Tilak Nagar)
any problems on Central Line?
 what about slow trains  (sent from Gtb Nagar)
kasara trains??? (sent from Mulund)
currey road to thane?  (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)
r trains running from bhandup to cst?? (sent from Nahur)
what is the status of train between Ghatkopar and Thane
trains from cst to ghatkopar are working.. right??  (sent from Churchgate)
are the trains on time ? (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)
r trains running on time?  (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)
who mohit (sent from Chinchpokli Stn.)
any update ????? (sent from Gtb Nagar)
trains running from cst? (sent from Chinchpokli Stn.)
Thane to Dombivali is running??  (sent from Vashi)
any issue with central line ?? (sent from Chembur)
thane to kalyan train is running or not????? (sent from Turbhe)
central railway train status??? (sent from Thane)
what's  the train status  Kalyan to cst (sent from Vithalwadi)
Parel to kurla? (sent from Elphinstone Road Stn.)
dadar to thane???? (sent from Dadar Stn.)
are trains running from Kurla to Kalyan?? (sent from Vadala Road)
train is running? (sent from Sandhurst Road Stn.)
are trains running in between CBD belapur and thane ? (sent from Mulund)
what is the Khopoli train position Now
metro running from Ghatkopar? (sent from Juinagar)
 trains working? (sent from Vikhroli)
by road..is it flooded...status of fort ?
Are trains are running on time frim thane to badlapur.? 
train running between cst and karjat?  (sent from Vadala Road)
what about Central line (sent from Churchgate)
What's the status of central line (sent from Govandi)
kurla to kalyan trains?  (sent from Chunabhatti)
what's d status of Central lines from Dadar towards cst (sent from Elphinstone Road)
cst se badlapur ja rahi hai kya ? (sent from Byculla Stn.)
thane to titwala train status??? (sent from Thane)
ambernath to CST? (sent from Ambernath)
trains r running on time ?
what is the status of trains from csmt to thane (sent from Churchgate)
status of the train from dadar to Dombiwali? (sent from Elphinstone Road)
ghatkopar to dadar train is working or not?  (sent from Ghatkopar)
kiti vel paasun?  (sent from Chunabhatti)
This time it's Mumbai Rains vs Mumbai Trains let's see who wins it (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
thane to Kalyan train is working or not? (sent from Airoli Stn.)
what is the status for train running from thane to Ambernath (sent from Airoli Stn.)
trains from cst to ghatkopar.. working or not... pls confirm???  (sent from Churchgate)
from ghatkopar train is in time or not
what is the current status of train running towards kalyan (sent from Airoli Stn.)
kya status hai central line?
trains are late or stopped? (sent from Badlapur)
vikhroli to Dadar chalu hai kya ? (sent from Vikhroli)
down trains towards kalyan ? (sent from Kalyan)
central railway is running or not?
what's with the train status in Ghatkopar (sent from Ghatkopar)
mulund to dombivli train running???
r down trains running ?
is central line trains are running on schedule?
what about kurla to thane line trains are delay or not? (sent from Chunabhatti)
sinhagad exp chalu hai Kya? (sent from Koparkhairne Stn.)
dadar to kalyan is working??? (sent from Goregaon)
trains chalu hai Kya dadar to Kalyan? (sent from Dadar)
central line trains are running??
trains for thane to ghatkopar ?
what is the status of central train (sent from Thane Stn.)
Byculla to Ghatkopar train chalu hai kya? (sent from Byculla)
Is water logging there in sion...are train going toward thane crossing sion? (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)
cst to kalyan chalu hai? (sent from Churchgate)
Does the local train working beyond ghatkoper towards cst
trains are running??  (sent from Thane)
kasara to kalyan train chalu hai kya ?
train are on time??????
what is status of train from Mulund to Karjat  (sent from Mulund)
Does the local train working beyond ghatkoper towards cst
rail on time? (sent from Chunabhatti)
what is status from Bycula to Ambernath 
Thane se kalyan train chalu hai kya? (sent from Thane)
cstm to kyn trains are running or not ????? (sent from Mahalakshmi Stn.)
dadar to Kalyan trains hai Kya?? (sent from Dadar)
central line working or not. status from kalyan to kurla? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
what is the status of central Line. (sent from Andheri Stn.)
what is status of train now (sent from Goregaon)
What about water logging at sion (sent from Churchgate Stn.)
What is position  of central Railway? (sent from Cst Stn.)
dadar to Thane?? (sent from Ghansoli)
are the central trains r working?
what is the Central fly working (sent from Goregaon)
what is current train status??? (sent from Cst Stn.)
thane to vashi r trains running on time ? (sent from Dadar Stn.)
sandhurst road to mumbra trains on time?? (sent from Sandhurst Road)
hii everyone pls if some have proper information then plz tell what about the trains In central or western it's on time....
central trains r regular? frI'm ghatkopar  to Dadar? (sent from Jogeshwari)
are trains working from cst- badlapur? (sent from Kurla)
central line working or not? (sent from Churchgate)
central line working or not? (sent from Churchgate)
central line status? 
what's the status of cst to Thane train?  (sent from Marine Lines)
any update from dadar to kalyan?  (sent from Mumbai Central Stn.)
what is status of train?  (sent from Mulund)
update for ghatkopar to dadar?? (sent from Andheri Stn.)
what is the status of central line (sent from Goregaon)
wat abt harbour line status? (sent from Vikhroli)
what is the status of train? (sent from Bandra)
any updates on dadar kalyan trains? (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)
is there heavy water traffic between diva in.to cst
what is status train cst to mumbra (sent from Masjid Stn.)
what does that mean 
what is status of gathkopar to dadar? (sent from Lower Parel)
where is karjat local (sent from Badlapur Stn.)
train are running towards CST ?
Plz update trains are running proper and what about Harbour line as my husband will leave for office to BELAPUR.  (sent from Kanjur Marg)
central line working or not? (sent from Churchgate)
central line working or not? (sent from Churchgate)
what's update of train (sent from Gtb Nagar Stn.)
what about trans harbour train guys (sent from Ghansoli)
trains running on time?  (sent from Airoli)
are trains running to Badlapur? (sent from Vashi Stn.)
is central local working fm kurla? (sent from Chunabhatti)
what's train status 
since when you are in train? (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)
train chalu ahet na Central? (sent from Currey Road)
are trains running from CSMT to Dombivli?? (sent from Churchgate)
whats the status from thane to kalyan?
train running between Kalyan to Thane ?? (sent from Kalyan)
is the central line running on time? (sent from Airoli)
Sion and Kurla ke yahan pani kam hua kya? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
Ghatkopar to kalyan status pl?? 
are trains from thane to dadar running?? (sent from Seawood Darave Stn.)
trains r on time or not? (sent from Kalamboli)
what's the status from Thane to ambernath??(sent from Thane) (sent from Thane Stn.)
any current update on central line? (sent from Cst Stn.)
what is status for Kurla to Kalyan? r train running (sent from Chunabhatti)
wahan waterlogging kam hua hai kya? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
by what time the trains are late (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)
status from thane to ghatkopar?
what is the status of train from ambarnath to thane pls reply
what is status of thane to Kalyan train
trns status? (sent from Turbhe)
train working? central line? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
wat abt ghatkoper to sion ??? are the trains working ??
What is the status from CSMT to Thane? 
kurla pani kitna he ? (sent from Mulund)
what's the status from Dombivli to CST (sent from Dombivli)
central line trains up ?
train status from thane to karjat side?? (sent from Thane Stn.)
what is status of train from chinchpokli to Vikroli  (sent from Cotton Green Stn.)
status? (sent from Masjid Stn.)
what is the status of trains from cstm (sent from Kalyan)
Are trains working from cst to kurla? (sent from Cst)
what is the status of train from ghatkopar to kalyan
what about Thane to Badlapur train?
what is status of 1.45 fast local for cst?  (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)
what is status from kurla to kalyan
trains are late but how many minutes 
central working ? (sent from Dativali Stn.)
what's status of central line plz reply (sent from Mahalakshmi)
are the trains are on time ? (sent from Mulund Stn.)
what about Ghatkopar to Kalayan
what the status of new to dombivali (sent from Sion Stn.)
train stat from andheri to CST?
please reply whether trains r running from CST to Thane? (sent from Churchgate)
what about the amb to thane
waterlogging sion mai kam hua hai kya? (sent from Thakurli Stn.)
what it is status about central railway. (sent from Thane)
Sion me Pani bhara hai kya? (sent from Bhandup)
any delays on Thane to ulhas nagar route?
kurla to badlapur train status? (sent from Govandi)
aay ko Kutchi?  (sent from Byculla)
titwala to cst train status? (sent from Mahim Jn Stn.)
is there any problem in central line (sent from Churchgate)
is train there from thane to kalyan?  (sent from Turbhe)
where is 🚆 (sent from Chunabhatti Stn.)
Whether trains running on time between CST & Kalyan?? (sent from Turbhe)
Any issues with central line?  (sent from Airoli)
train working??? (sent from Chunabhatti)
any issue with central line train? (sent from Churchgate)
kurla to kalyan how trains are working (sent from Chunabhatti)
Is train running on time in Central Line? (sent from Cst Stn.)
what about central (sent from Cst Stn.)
thane to CST status ?
are there trains from thane towards kalyan and vice versa?  (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
what is the status of central line  (sent from Sewri)
trains running on time now? 
is train are running from ghatkopar to cst??? (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
I am planning to go to Currey road from Kurla.....are the trains on time? (sent from Kurla Stn.)
has the train service from CSMT to Thane resumed?
 is there anyone who could update the status of central line  (sent from Masjid Stn.)
answer do koi to??? (sent from Sandhurst Road Stn.)
🚆 Working?? (sent from Chunabhatti)
central railway local train status ?? (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)
train are on time?
is central line working?
what is postion now (sent from Churchgate)
train status from kurla to ambernath??? (sent from Chunabhatti)
is the central train. running, i am at Parel want to go to thane (sent from Currey Road)
Guys, Thane station se auto rickshaw chal raha hai ya nahi?  (sent from Kalva Stn.)
what's d position of central (sent from Badlapur)
I want to go to CST (from Ghatkopar), would that be safe?  (sent from Ghatkopar)
train status from cst to thane ?? (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)
western line is working? ? (sent from Thane Stn.)
Hellooo .... what's the status of 2:47 CST??  (sent from Badlapur)
train on time?????
what about Central railway train status (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)
how much late brother? (sent from Ghatkopar)
thane dadar working??! (sent from Airoli Stn.)
 yeh hiii trains are working today for thane ??
kurla kalyan working? (sent from Bandra)
are all train running timely or not ? (sent from Churchgate)
CST to Thane trains status... Please?  (sent from Churchgate)
what is d status of local trn in central
Approximate how much r the trains late? (sent from Vikhroli)
train is on time kurla to thane? (sent from Sanpada Stn.)
are central railway trains running on time? (sent from Koparkhairne)
train chalu hai kya guys ? 
fast trains r wrking ? (sent from Sandhurst Road)
are up side trains running on time? (sent from Ambernath Stn.)
what about central line
wht abt sion to thane?  (sent from Sion Stn.)
which line, central or western? (sent from Thane Stn.)
what about dadar to badlapur (sent from Goregaon)
trains from Thane to cst/Dadar on time ? (sent from Churchgate Stn.)
down trains ka kya scene hai? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
what is the status from ghatkopar to Kalyan trains (sent from Ghatkopar)
Sion se train,barbar hai kya? (sent from Nahur Stn.)
what is status of train on western line (sent from Nalla Sopara)
pls update train status from csmt to karjat is it delay? (sent from Cst Stn.)
current status?
what about kasara ? (sent from Dombivli)
updates?? (sent from Churchgate Stn.)
wester line chalu hua kya ?
 western line chalu hua  kya ?
are trains on time from dadar to cst? (sent from Matunga Road)
what is status of कसारा लोकल ३.१६ची लोकल किती  (sent from Dombivli)
dDadar to Kalyan train. time per hai Kya?
is that train running late or not?
is that train running late or not?
trains on hai off hai?? (sent from Mulund)
Trains working normally? (sent from Khandeshwar)
 heavy rainfall in sion or matunga right notw?? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
what about faat trains (sent from Nahur)
thane to dadar train are running or not?
are trains working from bandra to dadar? (sent from Bandra)
status?  (sent from Nahur)
what about express trains to pune
Train working lower parel to dombivli???? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
ghatkopar se badlapur local ja rahi hain kya??
what is the status of Karjat train  (sent from Mahalakshmi)
hi friend ...r train running on central belt ?
are train running on time?cst to kalyan?  (sent from Byculla Stn.)
hello trains r going to diva from cst?? (sent from Byculla)
where has badlapur fast reached  (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
any updates?
any water logging at ltt?? (sent from Nilje)
how much time is it taking for train to reach CST from Thane? 
dombivli to thane trains running or not 
what is train status of central line ?? (sent from Byculla)
trains Delay ??? (sent from Byculla)
what about central line service  (sent from Cst)
towards cst train chalu hai kya???  (sent from Vidyavihar Stn.)
what's the position in Mumbra to Dadar local trains 
Is there any problem in Kurla to Thane train route? (sent from Chunabhatti)
kalva to bhandup ka kya status hai?
are trains running on time?
karjat to neral train are working or not? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
all trains on time??? (sent from Elphinstone Road)
how is the situation in kurla? (sent from Dombivli)
trains from thane to badlapur working? (sent from Nahur)
are train running from kurla to thane?  (sent from Chunabhatti)
What about kurla to thane? (sent from Chunabhatti)
are trains working fine form vikhroli to byculla ?
what status of central line (sent from Dockyard Road Stn.)
train hai kya Badlapur se?? (sent from Badlapur)
Central line chal rahi hai na?? (sent from Belapur Cbd Stn.)
dadar to kalyan what's is status (sent from Dadar Stn.)
are trains work in central lines? (sent from Santa Cruz Stn.)
are trains are on time? 
Anybody in the train from kalyan to Thane....train chalu hai kya...? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
it's central line train are on time ?
Is the train working towards kalyan from dadar (sent from Dadar)
train chalu h? (sent from Mumbai Central)
what's the status of trains ? 
are trains moving normal now..??
is train available till thane?  (sent from Churchgate Stn.)
what is present statue of local trains
konhi kanjur la ahe ka?
trains are running on time? (sent from Mulund)
thane to Kalyan ?? (sent from Airoli Stn.)
train are running late ? (sent from Badlapur Stn.)
r central line trains working???  (sent from Santa Cruz)
is central trains working ? (sent from Thane Stn.)
central lines are running???? (sent from Lower Parel)
central lines working properly ?? (sent from Kurla)
how is central line now (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
need to go from kalyan to CST - is it advjsable?  (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
what about thane to kalyan (sent from Rabale)
thane to ghatkopar train? (sent from Airoli Stn.)
where has Badlapur fast reached (sent from Mulund Stn.)
rail status? (sent from Cst Stn.)
what is the status vikroli to cst?? (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)
train status ? from kurla to Kalyan
? (sent from Lower Parel)
? (sent from Airoli Stn.)
kanjurmarg to dadar?
by how many min is central train late?? (sent from Badlapur)
kurla to thane train update ...? (sent from Chembur)
vikhroli to cst?  (sent from Vikhroli)
Ulhasnagar to thane? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
what is the actual time of delay in central line (sent from Thane Stn.)
ambernath to csmt position ? (sent from Ambernath)
What abt Ambernath to csmt (sent from Ambernath)
Kurla to Thane train are running? (sent from Kurla)
Kalyan to CST?  (sent from Kalyan)
Thane te BADLAPUR  chalu aahe Ka ? (sent from Taloja)
thane to dadar trains working ?
central?
how is the situation in western line?  (sent from Diva Jn)
is train stopped? 
2:56 Karjat left from cat????  (sent from Byculla Stn.)
kontya trains?
Ulhasnagar to thane??? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
what about dharavi railway station  (sent from Thane)
what is the status...
thane to Kalyan train chalu hai? (sent from Belapur Cbd Stn.)
What's the status for thane to shahad?  (sent from Turbhe)
thane to dadar?
ya but moving right?
what about down locals?? kurla to kalya.??  (sent from Chembur)
Are trains running properly from CST?  (sent from Cst)
2:56 Karjat left from cst????  (sent from Byculla Stn.)
what about dharavi railway station  (sent from Thane)
Kalyan to Thane train is available? (sent from Rabale Stn.)
hello are the trains running on time from CST? (sent from Cst)
is central line trains are on time ?? (sent from Chinchpokli Stn.)
shahad status??? (sent from Belapur Cbd Stn.)
thane to Kalyan? (sent from Airoli Stn.)
seriously?  (sent from Vashi Stn.)
realy? (sent from Vidyavihar Stn.)
what about  status central line (sent from Thane Stn.)
is thr raining heavily in suburbs?? (sent from Churchgate)
what about cst to kalyan (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)
what is the current status of central line ?
what is a status of badlapur & ambernath  (sent from Koparkhairne)
thane to kalyan train status??
ghatkopar to thane train chal rahi hai kya???
what is a status of badlapur & ambernath  (sent from Koparkhairne)
what about central line timing 
what is the status of central line  (sent from Vangani Stn.)
what is the current status of central line ?
thane to kalyan train status??
what is a status of badlapur & ambernath  (sent from Koparkhairne)
what is the status of central line
what about central line timing 
ghatkopar to thane what is the status?
what is the status of central line
Are there trains running from ghatkopar towards kalyan side?? (sent from Mahalakshmi Stn.)
are the trains running properly?? (sent from Shahad)
what is status for ghatkopar to ambernath trains
where is dadar kalyan train (sent from Dadar Stn.)
karjat to Kalyan chalu hai kya? (sent from Karjat Stn.)
please tell what is the status from kurla to badlapur  (sent from Chunabhatti)
Cst office se jaldi nikle kya? dombivali jana hai. (sent from Cst Stn.)
what is the status of Parel to Thane (sent from Elphinstone Road Stn.)
karjat ki train chalu h Kya?? (sent from Bhivpuriroad)
how is the central line (sent from Charni Road)
are there any trains from Kurla to Thane? (sent from Ghansoli)
are trains on time in central lines?
What's status about train Dombivli to csmt
hello what is status of trains from Vikhroli to cst (sent from Kanjur Marg)
what abt the central train status (sent from Khar Road)
what is d status of trains.. r dey working??
are train late ?? (sent from Kanjur Marg)
fast trains are working? (sent from Vidyavihar)
what is the status at Sion (sent from Lower Parel)
evening tak ok ho jae kya??? (sent from Shahad)
central line chalu hai kya ? (sent from Mumbai Central Stn.)
what about Kalyan to Badlapur trains? and Badlapur to Kalyan trains?? 
is there any issue between CSTM and Thane (sent from Lower Parel)
what the status of train from CST to Kalyan
Are trains working??  (sent from Parel)
is Asangaon local on time?? (sent from Kalva)
is all train in center are in time 
towards thane trains chalu hai kya? (sent from Mulund)
wht abt Thane to Cst? 
Badlapur to karjat train what status (sent from Badlapur)
VT to Ghatkoper- trains running properly? (sent from Masjid Stn.)
is central line working ? (sent from Airoli)
what is position at dadar (sent from Dadar)
what is the status of trains?? are they running on time?? (sent from Elphinstone Road Stn.)
any updates? (sent from Cst Stn.)
i mean the status of train? (sent from Mulund Stn.)
what status of Karjat/khopoli Train ? (sent from Badlapur)
down side trains Dombivli tak kaise chal re?? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
what is the status of trains from csmt to badlapur? (sent from Cst)
is central trains working normally or delayed?  (sent from Badlapur)
central railway current status CST to Kalyan? 
whether trains are on time or not?? (sent from Kings Circle)
trains ka kaisa haal hai CST se? (sent from Thakurli Stn.)
How much delayed (sent from Ambernath)
hello is thane to dombivli trains running on time ??
central line train running or Not
down side trains Dombivli tak kaise hai? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
are there any trains being cancelled from cst?  (sent from Churchgate Stn.)
how is condition now local from Thane to Kalyan
what is the status of train  running towards titwala (sent from Vidyavihar Stn.)
are central trains delayed? (sent from Churchgate Stn.)
train status?
vikhroli to ghatkopar trains there?
central working or not
down towards thane.. are trains working.? (sent from Parel)
Dadar to thane working? (sent from Parel)
trains in central line are working properly? (sent from Borivali Stn.)
Thane to CST train status?? 
Diva thane is working?? (sent from Nerul Stn.)
hello. I'm aware that trains are running late. but are there any cancellations  ?  (sent from Churchgate Stn.)
Kurla to Thane trains? (sent from Tilak Nagar Stn.)
kurla to badlapur what is train status
byculla to kalyan train status?? (sent from Elphinstone Road Stn.)
what is current status of train from cst to kalyan.. (sent from Chinchpokli Stn.)
central train status? running on time? is there rush? (sent from Vikhroli)
trains h kya Badlapur se?? (sent from Badlapur)
Are trains going to Badlapur?
is cst thane route functioning normally? (sent from Charni Road)
How much delay in general ?
what about train status from thane towards Ambarnath?
train towards cst from mumbra running or not 
thane cst trains?  (sent from Turbhe Stn.)
is there any train running from thane to vasai?? (sent from Thane Stn.)
what about train status from thane towards Ambarnath?
trains are on time ? (sent from Churchgate Stn.)
where is 3.23 badlapur to cst train (sent from Badlapur Stn.)
what about Dadar to thane (sent from Elphinstone Road)
hi.. how much is the delay on central line??  (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)
karjat crossed kurla? waiting at ghatkopar (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
is mlund Dombivli line is clear or delay?  (sent from Karjat Stn.)
what about thana to kurla? (sent from Koparkhairne Stn.)
is the vasai train running frm cst via thane? (sent from Thane)
csmt - titwala local status?? (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
vikhroli ka kya haal hai??? train hai ki nahi dombivli jane k liye (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)
ghatkopar me kjt or badlapur train anewali hai kya CST se? (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
what was the status of center railway (sent from Ambernath Stn.)
what is the current status..? (sent from Lower Parel)
wers the train bro currently? (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
kalyan to cst late hai kya ? (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)
hey ...is train working on time? (sent from Churchgate)
Train status?  toward kalyan from kanjur 
what's the status of the train at camt  (sent from Cst Stn.)
train status on central?
dadar station status towards thane ? (sent from Dadar)
trains r running or not
trains are late from cstm? (sent from Panvel)
are trains are runing from vidyavihat (sent from Vidyavihar)
???  (sent from Parel)
dadar to down lines are running or not ? pls help (sent from Vile Parle)
????? (sent from Govandi)
Andheri to?
are central railway trains on time?  (sent from Matunga Road Stn.)
tarin delayed by 30 min when cmng to cst(from cstm)
trains running from dadar? (sent from Vile Parle)
train status please?  (sent from Belapur Cbd Stn.)
pls go to western line chat (sent from Masjid Stn.)
dadar to thane status please?  (sent from Matunga Road Stn.)
is it train running ok bet ghat kopar to badlapur (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
what is the status for thane to karjat trains ? (sent from Mulund)
what was scheduled time? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
are trains running to Kasara? please reply  (sent from Kalva)
is trains are working? (sent from Mahim Jn Stn.)
kurla to mulund chalu he Kya ? (sent from Belapur Cbd Stn.)
train r running in time?  (sent from Dadar Stn.)
mulund trains?? (sent from Kopar)
 are fast trains running fast or are they slow? (sent from Cotton Green Stn.)
central fast track status? (sent from Chinchpokli Stn.)
what is current status of central line ?
what a status in  central line (sent from Juinagar Stn.)
what is the status of thane to dadar train..??
thanks. is it late or on time?  (sent from Kalva)
Are trains running from Panvel to CST? (sent from Taloja)
is there any train towards karjat (sent from Badlapur)
any1 at cst??? trains to thane on time?? (sent from Cst Stn.)
train running towards kalyan/titwala status please?  (sent from Goregaon)
train running towards kalyan/titwala status please?  (sent from Goregaon)
what is the status from CST to Kalyan
working or not
??
vidyavihar to kalyan trains ka status pls?
??
diva vasai line chalu hai Kya? (sent from Thane Stn.)
are trains late??? (sent from Kalyan)
thane to dadar working or.not?
kurla to dadar??
how much late  (sent from Kalyan)
 Yes how can I help u (sent from Mulund Stn.)
what is the status of central route (sent from Churchgate)
cst to thane train are running? (sent from Churchgate Stn.)
🚂 is on or not
hello guys, what about the status of trains in central line? (sent from Cst)
just send u r status don' t ask this that people get confuse  (sent from Dombivli)
 what's the current status?? (sent from Kurla Stn.)
train CSTM to Thane is working properly ?? (sent from Churchgate)
are kasara/aasangaon trains on time?
what is local train status from thane to badlapur 
are trains are on time?
cst to thane are working ? (sent from Churchgate)
cst to Thane status?
where is 3:54 karjat? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
 any status about cst to ambernath train ?? (sent from Elphinstone Road Stn.)
whr is kasara from thane 4:20? (sent from Thane Stn.)
what is the status of karjat trains from CSMT (sent from Cst)
thane to cst working or not?
what is the current status of train r they running (sent from Kalyan)
Thane to CST trains working or not??
central line train is running on time? (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)
train status? (sent from Masjid Stn.)
what about central (sent from Kalva Stn.)
central train are working? 
how r trains running  (sent from Cst Stn.)
cst to thane ? (sent from Matunga Stn.)
can i travel in train from borivali to dadar? 
what about status  (sent from Vidyavihar Stn.)
what abt Harbour line from CST ?? (sent from Cst Stn.)
are tarins moving from borivali to dadar? 
Train Status???
trains are running? (sent from Bandra)
diva to vasai train chalu hai kya ?
what happnd to uh (sent from Vashi Stn.)
is trains working from dadar towards diva? (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)
what is the status of karjat local from cst
are trains working from ghatkopar to Titwala?  (sent from Goregaon)
dadar to badlapur what is status? (sent from Grant Road Stn.)
? 
kurla to dombivli trains chalu aahet ka??? (sent from Bandra)
from cstm what status (sent from Churchgate)
4.03 ambernath from cst nighali ? (sent from Elphinstone Road Stn.)
Is the Dadar station functioning in full capacity? (sent from Vadala Road Stn.)
what is status of train (sent from Elphinstone Road)
Is train running from cst to badlapur? (sent from Churchgate)
ghtkopr se kurla train status Pls??? (sent from Andheri)
45 Min Late?
from where to where (sent from Churchgate)
Andheri to dombivali chalu zali Kai? (sent from Cst Stn.)
trains are on time or what 
what happened to karjat 3:54? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
kab se ye suvidha Milne LAGI????Andheri to Dombivali? (sent from Cst Stn.)
3.40 cstm kasara any update? (sent from Thane Stn.)
hope trains are running normal now?
are central line trains running on time?
What about kurla to thane?
Are trains running between ghatkopar to thane? 
4.45 karjat train frm Dombivli  r running on time..?
are trains running on time between Thane to Kalyan? (sent from Rabale Stn.)
trains are working or not
are central line trains running on time ?
are trains running normal on cr? (sent from Vikhroli)
how's the rush at Thane station for trains towards Kalyan/kasara (sent from Thane)
Are trains working on time? (sent from Chunabhatti)
trains are running from Ghatkopar??? (sent from Andheri)
badlapur to thane update? (sent from Badlapur)
Are central line trains running normal? (sent from Jogeshwari)
cst till dombivli are working on time?? pls update (sent from Cst Stn.)
is there any dealys about todays trains schedyle
parel to kurla train is available?? (sent from Elphinstone Road)
cst to mulund is running well? (sent from Masjid Stn.)
parel to kurla train available? (sent from Elphinstone Road)
train status from ghatkopar to dombivali?
what a status of central line (sent from Mulund)
Any update train from Byculla to Thane? (sent from Mahalakshmi)
what about central train status (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)
thane to cst??
what is the position of train delay  (sent from Elphinstone Road Stn.)
why train stopped after chinchpokali towards cst (sent from Chinchpokli Stn.)
hi, r trains still running from ghatkopar to kurla? 
hello , please give information about express train , 18029 Shalimar , is that on time or late or cancel ?? (sent from Badlapur Stn.)
what's the status of Duranto (sent from Chinchpokli Stn.)
what about kurla panvel ? (sent from Tilak Nagar)
ghatkopr to Thane is working?
Ghatkopar me tren chalu he kya ?
can any one plz tell me Thane to byculla train are running or not
vikroli to dombivli running?  (sent from Vikhroli)
asangaon k liye koi train available he kya? (sent from Asangaon Stn.)
How much delay for Thane bound trains from Ghatkopar? (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
what is update (sent from Mulund)
Are trains running in central railway? (sent from Cst Stn.)
ambernath fast train status ... ???4.15 at parel time  (sent from Elphinstone Road Stn.)
what's d status of trains 
train running o n central line? (sent from Elphinstone Road)
cst to ambarnath working?
are trains available from kalva to ghatkoper ?  (sent from Vikhroli)
guys what about train (sent from Sewri Stn.)
are central line train working?
what is dombivali to Karjat status? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
all are Asking questions, Can someone Reply???
What is the current status of central railway
local is on time? from kurla to thane?
what is status of central line
status of central line? (sent from Chembur)
what is the current train status at central line 
is there any water logging?
what is the status  (sent from Cst Stn.)
are trains there now? (sent from Ghatkopar)
are trains running?
are trains running?
what's d status of trains of central line 
what is status for kurla to csmt train (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)
doea central line working from ghatkopar to csmt?
r trains running? (sent from Vikhroli)
go through chat once before askin anythin silly (sent from Kurla)
what about water logging on rail track?
what is the train status from ghatkopar to kalyan
Wherei is asangaon??  (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
what about thane to ghatkopat (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)
what is status of train running
any train arriving at dombivli for csmt? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
what is the status of centrel rail (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)
Badlapur from Bhandup at 4:34 uska kya status hai guys???? (sent from Bhandup Stn.)
asnagaon train ky status hai?? 4. 41 ghatkopar se (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
what is the train running status today
is the trains are going to stop today (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)
are trains running towards kalyan? (sent from Airoli Stn.)
are trains running fine between Kalyan and Thane?
metro trains are working properly??
आसनगाव लोकल च सांगा रे कोणी?  (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
trn from thane to shahad working on time? (sent from Shahad)
local kitni late chal Rahi hai? (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)
trains are running or not
down side train r running on time or not?? (sent from Koparkhairne)
karjat trains r working..? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
what is the train status at present
Nahur to kurla n kurla to GTB train is RUNNING....?? (sent from Nahur Stn.)
what about express
are trains running from cst to kalyan?
cst to Ambernath ? (sent from Churchgate Stn.)
Thane to Kalyan train chalu he? (sent from Mulund)
is train working on time in central? (sent from Badlapur)
train has come? (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
ट्रेन टाईमिंग काही फरक पडला आहे ka? late नाहीत ना गाड्या  (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
what abt rush (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)
what is the current situation
train are available from mulund?? (sent from Mulund)
Dadar to vile parle train chalu hai kya..? (sent from Vithalwadi)
fast trains are on time ??
waht abt rush?  (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)
status of trains??? (sent from Kharghar Stn.)
are trains delayed from CSMT to thane?  (sent from Santa Cruz)
what is current status for thane to kalyan (sent from Thane)
Are trains on time from Vikhroli to Cst ???? (sent from Vikhroli)
What is the status of ambarnath train (sent from Vikhroli)
what are the central line updates (sent from Kurla Stn.)
Thane to cst trains on time? please anyone?
what is the status of train from cst to kalyan (sent from Chunabhatti)
Central line status to kalyan?(sent from ghatkopar)
khopoli left thane or not?? (sent from Thane Stn.)
what is the status of train from thane to kalyan
what is the status of train from thane to kalyan
trains are on tym from thane to badlapur? (sent from Airoli Stn.)
trains are on tym from thane to badlapur? (sent from Airoli Stn.)
central line is working well? (sent from Churchgate)
what's train status towards kalyan (sent from Turbhe)
trains are on tym from thane to badlapur? (sent from Airoli Stn.)
train time p h ky.?  (sent from Vithalwadi)
trains on time ahet Kay?  (sent from Vidyavihar)
are trains running on time? 
trains are working now? (sent from Elphinstone Road)
What is the status Train Service towards CST? (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)
where is titwala from ghatkopar?
central line train are running on time ?  (sent from Churchgate Stn.)
can i go to kanjurmarg from dadar?? 
is any one if trains are running
what's the status of trains towards Badlapur from kurla (sent from Tilak Nagar)
what is the status of central line  (sent from Chunabhatti)
what about cst thane  (sent from Sandhurst Road Stn.)
where is Khopoli local 
now train on time or delay???  (sent from Lower Parel)
today are working proper naa?? (sent from Thane Stn.)
what is the status of central slow train  (sent from Churchgate Stn.)
is train from byculla to dombivali running? (sent from Mumbai Central)
thane train ?? (sent from Sion Stn.)
karajat train ?? (sent from Dadar Stn.)
train status for central line?? (sent from Thane)
are trains on time between Thane to Kalyan?
titwala train?
status for thane to csmt ?? (sent from Thane Stn.)
are trains running on time from thane to kalyan?
are trains running on time? (sent from Dahisar Stn.)
Mahalaxmi Express is in time? (sent from Kandivali Stn.)
are trains running on time on central down side ? (sent from Kanjur Marg)
central line are how much late? (sent from Kurla)
what is the status for central railway now??  (sent from Chembur)
trains towards titwala on time?? (sent from Churchgate)
4.24 khopoli frm kyn time par hai kya??? (sent from Khopoli Stn.)
is there any rush??  (sent from Chembur)
where's the 5.37 dobivali  (sent from Churchgate)
kurla kalyan status ??? (sent from Vidyavihar Stn.)
is this train running (sent from Rabale)
Are trains working fine in central side ? (sent from Koparkhairne Stn.)
status of Sion station..?? (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)
are trains running on time? 
trains are running?  (sent from Churchgate Stn.)
ullhasnagar jane ke liye status kya hai???
are the trains running towrds kalyan ?
what is the status of central line train . (sent from Vidyavihar)
are trains running on  their appropriate time? (sent from Thakurli Stn.)
Central railway local trains running on time ?
what about fast train towards badlapur  (sent from Vikhroli)
hello, pls update thane to cst train on time ? (sent from Rabale Stn.)
badlapur-cst trains running on time? (sent from Badlapur)
fast train? (sent from Elphinstone Road)
cstm down trains running?  (sent from Churchgate)
any update about central line thane to ulhas... they r time or late ? (sent from Shahad)
any update about central line thane to ulhas... they r time or late ? (sent from Shahad)
are trains in time from CST to Kalyan?? 
any update about central line thane to ulhas.....they are on time or late? (sent from Shahad Stn.)
khopoli train? (sent from Karjat)
what is the current status of train from thane to kalyan
what is the status of central line
kasar to cst local train  on time hai kya?? (sent from Mankhurd)
status of trains to Asangaon? (sent from Mulund)
train let he kay??? (sent from Ghatkopar)
where is badlapur from ghatkopar (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)
where is 15 car 
is trains late today? (sent from Thane Stn.)
trains r on time? 
kalyan 15 cars? (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)
trains on time? 
what's the status of train ghatkopar to kalyan
5:55pm badlapur on vikriti status? (sent from Vikhroli)
thane kalyan status?
Any disturbance between vikhroli to sion???  (sent from Vikhroli)
Is train running properly towards badlapur or not? (sent from Mulund Stn.)
karjat train aahe ka ? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
Harbour line on time?  (sent from Nahur Stn.)
trains kitne late hy?  (sent from Thakurli Stn.)
Nahur-kurla then kurla - GTB running on time?  (sent from Nahur Stn.)
trains running normally? (sent from Vikhroli)
are trains on time?
5.55 Vikhroli any idea? (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)
kalyan to dadar trains are on time???? (sent from Shahad Stn.)
what a status of cstm to thane (sent from Masjid Stn.)
hi what is the current status  (sent from Badlapur)
what train status (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)
5.55 badalapur fast train from vikhroli station is on time?? (sent from Vikhroli)
train running on central line?  (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
what is train status (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)
what's live status (sent from Dadar Stn.)
hey there are any trains from Ghatkopar to Parel???  (sent from Andheri)
what is the train status at dombivili
ambernath to karjat train? (sent from Ambernath Stn.)
central line kasara side Jane ne liye train time par he kya?  (sent from Ghatkopar)
where is this train right now???  (sent from Kalva Stn.)
where is karjat train (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)
are trains from cst to kalyan running fine ?? (sent from Kalyan)
Are trains running for Goregaon to CST ?
karjat train ? (sent from Ambernath Stn.)
central line train status ? (sent from Ghansoli)
Dadar to vile parle train chalu hai kya..? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
whats is status for Asangaon n kasara trains?? (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)
what is status for thane to ambernath 
dombivli to kurla trains chalu hai?  (sent from Kurla Stn.)
where is the titvala train (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
kanjurmarg to thane on tym ?
central line ki tren chalu he?
train status from karjat to cstm?  (sent from Neral)
M INDICATOR  MUST HAVE ONE OPTION WHERE ONLY RAILWAY WILL GIVE TRAIN UPDATE NO OTHERS. SO THAT PEOPLE WILL NOT SEND UNNESSARY  MESSAGES ABOUT TRAIN RUNNING. (sent from Dombivli)
what about 5:55pm Vikhroli to badlapur train? (sent from Kanjur Marg)
what about up local
late ? (sent from Kanjur Marg)
is central line working properly? (sent from Sewri)
where does asangaon train (5.41 from CST) reached??  (sent from Bhandup)
diva vasai update? (sent from Neral Stn.)
which thane  train? (sent from Thane Stn.)
Is central line trains on time?  (sent from Grant Road Stn.)
any disturbance between vikhroli to sion? (sent from Kanjur Marg)
what ois (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)
what is current status (sent from Kurla Stn.)
train status from thane towards Kalyan? (sent from Kalva Stn.)
what is train status in kanjurmarg to ghatkopar (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)
is the metro working fine
is there raining  (sent from Thane Stn.)
train r working now? (sent from Vidyavihar Stn.)
thane to cst status plz?? (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)
what is the train status.. 
train running good at time on central line?
Where is the Asangaon Train now?? (sent from Titwala Stn.)
trains are in time or not
towards csmt? (sent from Ghansoli)
trains r running on time? plz update (sent from Jogeshwari)
is that train towards Kasara on time?
what's the status at Sion?? (sent from Churchgate)
At central line is there any problem?
cst ke liye train time pe hai??? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
 ट्रेन वेळेवर आहे का ? (sent from Rabale)
where this train is right now any update  (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
where is Ambernath train (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
where is khopoli train (sent from Thane)
Dadar to Khar trains are there ? (sent from Thane Stn.)
are trains on time towords cstm ? (sent from Koparkhairne)
what is current status of central line
Ghatkoper  to Ambernath train running status? 
what is the status of ghatkoper to badlapur train??
it was 6:12 Karjat slow, which left dombiwali (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
Is central railway on time?
are the trains running?
central line working on time ?
central line on time ? (sent from Lower Parel)
Jitne bhi chat ho rahe h plese read it carefully  (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
is thr any train from cst to vasai vai diva bhiwandi road kamani road vasai? (sent from Belapur Cbd Stn.)
how much late for Central line train towards karjat (sent from Chembur)
any body tell me whats status of asangaon which actual time of kalyan is 6:24 (sent from Dombivli)
6:06 cst local from Kalyan aya kya? (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)
pls confirm if badlapur trains are on time?
what happened Ambarnath slow standing last 15 minutes (sent from Chinchpokli Stn.)
update from vikhroli to thane?  (sent from Vikhroli)
what is the train status from dadar to dombivili?  (sent from Mahalakshmi Stn.)
what is the status of cst to kalyan  (sent from Masjid Stn.)
u are on Kalyan  station???
what is the delay?
is there any effect on metro in this entire incident? (sent from Kalva)
slow trains running between kalyan to cst? (sent from Mumbra Stn.)
what is the status of central lines?
what is the status of central lines?
any update about ladies special train? 
Are trains working between kalyan and asangaon?? (sent from Sanpada Stn.)
are trains on time??  (sent from Ghatkopar)
only semi fast and fast running on central?  (sent from Mumbra Stn.)
what is the status of central lines?
Are trains between kalyan n asangaon wotking well?? (sent from Vashi Stn.)
what's the status at currr road station. (sent from Lower Parel)
?
what about 6:51 train thane badlapur slow (sent from Thane Stn.)
where is at kasara train (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)
?
thane se down side trains are running or not?  (sent from Ghansoli)
06 40 ची बदलापूर वेळेवर आहे का ? ठाणे स्टेशन पासून (sent from Elphinstone Road)
where is ladies special (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
Are trains running normally from Ghatkopar? To Dombivli side (sent from Andheri)
where is ladies special train towards kalyan arrived now?
now 6.21 karjat fast from CST has reached byculla (sent from Byculla Stn.)
m indicator app must provide information about current location of local train.. by which passengers not face any problem during any natural calamities.. (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
are the trains on??  (sent from Andheri)
are the trains on??  (sent from Andheri)
is trains running from Ghatkopar to Kurla? (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
what is train status
what abt kasara train 
what is the status of 7.06 PM Ambaranath from Mulund  (sent from Mulund)
What abt Badlapur slow 6:51 from thane??
from where 
what the status guys
trains on time or not?
is it safe to travel to Kurla from kanjur Marg?
trains running from Ghatkopar to cst? (sent from Masjid Stn.)
has the trains from kanjur marg to thane started commuting?
are trains on time towards diva?   (sent from Vidyavihar Stn.)
what abt central railway... it's running properly (sent from Shahad)
where it is now? (sent from Juinagar Stn.)
thane trans harbour any update??
what is status central train (sent from Chunabhatti Stn.)
are fast tains running fine towards karjat? (sent from Kanjur Marg)
are fast trains on time?  (sent from Rabale Stn.)
are trains running on time towards kalyan? (sent from Thane Stn.)
where is the kasara train nw?  (sent from Turbhe)
wat abt down locals status? (sent from Seawood Darave Stn.)
any fast trains for cst reaching dadar?? (sent from Sion Stn.)
train status from kanjur?
CSTM-Thane train running??  (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)
titvala train status ?
thane dadar???
Are trains from karjat to CSTM on time? reply pls.
where is 6.39 badlapur from CST? (sent from Dadar Stn.)
what is the problem on central line (sent from Badlapur)
what is the status of train from parel (sent from Elphinstone Road)
are trains running late? (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)
are trains on time?
what about Thane kasara train (sent from Thane Stn.)
How much delay is there for CSMT bound local trains ?  (sent from Sanpada Stn.)
what about ghatkopr to thane (sent from Vidyavihar)
train r on time or late?
what's the status of train? (sent from Vithalwadi)
what is state's for train from mulund  (sent from Nahur)
train r on time or not? (sent from Mulund)
How much is the delay for CSMT bound slow local trains on Central line?   (sent from Vashi Stn.)
How much is the delay for CSMT bound slow local trains on Central line?   (sent from Vashi Stn.)
what is ststus of mulund ststion (sent from Mulund Stn.)
How much is the delay for CSMT bound fast & slow local trains ?  (sent from Vashi Stn.)
How much is the delay for CSMT bound fast & slow local trains ?  (sent from Vashi Stn.)
 train towards cst on time????   (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)
are trains running by their normal time from kurla for ambernath or badlapur? 
r the trains working from andheri? (sent from Goregaon Stn.)
what is train status from CST to down local side (sent from Vikhroli)
Is there trains from thane to dadar??
what abt 6.39 badlapur from CST? any update (sent from Dadar Stn.)
what about slow train status towards kalyan
what about status from thane to Ambarnath
6.51 thane badlapur cancelled??? is that confirmed (sent from Kalva Stn.)
how about asangaon fast (sent from Byculla Stn.)
is there any problem in train or time issues (sent from Thane Stn.)
train prblm hai kya? (sent from Elphinstone Road)
what about 7:43 train from thane to badlapur
what is status of trains towards kalyan slow from thane
where is thane train  (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)
Badlapur local kuthe aahe ? (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)
Kalyan cross? (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)
guys, trains are working towards Badlapur?????? after 7:30pm??
what's the status of central line?? r they late??  (sent from Thane)
where is Badlapur train right now I m at ulhasnagar  (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)
what's the status of central line (sent from Thane)
what about ghatkopar ? (sent from Dombivli)
what's the status of train (sent from Andheri Stn.)
i want to go to neral.! train chalu hai?  (sent from Borivali Stn.)
? (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)
what is the status of train from thane to kalyan (sent from Airoli)
long distance trains running on time?
from kurla to thane?? (sent from Chunabhatti)
parel to kalyan is working?
from kurla to thane?? (sent from Chunabhatti)
time is not an issue, are train working for badlapur????????
from kurla to thane?? (sent from Chunabhatti)
is 7.43 thane badlapur confirmed??? (sent from Kalva Stn.)
parel to kalyan is working?
is 7.43 thane badlapur confirmed??? (sent from Kalva Stn.)
is 7.43 thane badlapur confirmed???
is 7.43 thane badlapur confirmed??? (sent from Kalva Stn.)
central trains status??  (sent from Thane)
is 7.43 thane badlapur confirmed??? (sent from Kalva Stn.)
 where is 7.15 titwala fast from bhandup (sent from Bhandup Stn.)
from Sanpada tu Kurla ? (sent from Turbhe)
 Asangaon train ? (sent from Cotton Green Stn.)
from Sanpada tu Kurla ? (sent from Turbhe)
central trains status???  (sent from Thane)
 where is 7.15 titwala fast from bhandup (sent from Bhandup Stn.)
is central line trains running on time ? (sent from Vile Parle)
thane to kalyan status batao plz.... abhi kya haal hai...?
are all trains on time? 
 status of trains from ghatkopar to Kalyan?
are trains going from dombivali to thane? 
dadar to thane ????
cst line in on or not?
Sir/madam is there any body to chat regarding train status???  (sent from Thane Stn.)
 Dadar to Thane bhid kesi he? (sent from Parel Stn.)
What is the status on trains? On time Or Late? 
?
central train status abt Kalyan to cst ?? (sent from Vidyavihar)
why trains are delay in Thane 
central train status abt Kalyan to cst ?? (sent from Vidyavihar)
is the dadar to ambernath 7:40 train cancelled ? (sent from Dadar Stn.)
this feature had been released in the app but don't know why they discontinued... (sent from Masjid Stn.)
status on fast titwala local which leaves cst at 7.31 please is it on time 
thane to gharkoper train status?
8.06 thane to kalyan side train status ?
kurla to CST trains are working? (sent from Jogeshwari)
is kurla to thane working??  (sent from Kurla)
what is the status of train on Western railway (sent from Sandhurst Road Stn.)
bhai.. western line ke chat pe puch na  (sent from Dadar Stn.)
what is the status frm thanebto dombivali zide
6.30 csmt karjat chi kay khabar, kuthe pohochali ahe??? (sent from Ambernath Stn.)
what is the position of Central line services?
CSMT to Kalyan train status? (sent from Cst)
are trains running smoothly on central line? (sent from byculla) (sent from Chinchpokli Stn.)
7.24 titwala fast train from thane status?
what position of central railway (sent from Nahur)
Any1 idea where is khopoli train reached?? 
where is 7.18kasara train (sent from Kurla Stn.)
any1 on khopoli station?? 
what is the status of central line ?? from Ghatkopar
Bhai mumbara to catch any updates?
mumbara to cst?
what is the status from thane to kalyan 
khopoli to karjat?? 
Rajyarani express kute ahe??? (sent from Airoli)
at masjid station when train will come  (sent from Masjid Stn.)
how much late (sent from Masjid Stn.)
what a fuckingg day  (sent from Masjid Stn.)
did short circuit occured in virar?
fast trains coming from cstm come on platform no 1 at byculla. Why (sent from Byculla Stn.)
Any update from Kalyan station to CST ? (sent from Shahad)
how much kalyan train is late someone tell me  (sent from Masjid Stn.)
kalyan train 7.48 Timing how much late more  (sent from Masjid Stn.)
bdlp cst fast train status??? 7:56 at klyn ... anyone (sent from Kalyan)
where is 8. 03 karjat (sent from Thane Stn.)
how are trains between thane and cstm on the central line? pls let know if they are indefinitely delayed. 
kyn to cst... status... are up side train on time or late??  (sent from Kalyan)
central railway working? (sent from Thane)
what about thane badlapur train status (sent from Koparkhairne Stn.)
what are train statuses from thane to karjat?
titwala train? (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
any one update for 7:45 csmt to Kalyan train status? (sent from Elphinstone Road Stn.)
Are the trains on time?? 
what abt down?  (sent from Dadar Stn.)
what about sion station (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)
cstm se deva ke tren time se chal raha hai  kay? (sent from Masjid)
what is status kasara train
what is the status of CR line from CST to Ambarnath...are all locals running on time...plz update
what is the status of kalyan to cat fast train (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
where is titwala train  (sent from Mahim Jn Stn.)
is the train late?? 
where is titwala fast train  (sent from Mahim Jn Stn.)
status for fast train from thane ?? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
what is the status  of ambernath  to cst train.
dombivali to cst??? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
are kalyan trains running on time or delayed ???????
is there any problem towards karjat side....no train since 20 min from kalyan..  (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
fast train from thane are late or on time ??
what is the status of train from Ghatkopar
what's the status pf train from ghatkopar to thane
what is the status of the train in Mulund
kalyan see train nikali Kya?? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
what about dombivali to dadar train (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
train status from Thane towards Kalyan? (sent from Airoli)
is there western train start from chruchgate to borivali? (sent from Masjid Stn.)
which update ....matunga stn .... (sent from Andheri Stn.)
!?
guys any info about.. metro from ghatkopar.. rush hai kay??  (sent from Karjat Stn.)
??
titwala train is going on time  ? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
where is the karjat fast  train(8:03pm) (sent from Dadar Stn.)
where is Karjat local (sent from Dadar Stn.)
where is titwala 8:35 (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
where is Kasara train which is from Kalyan at 8.21pm (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
where is Karjat local (sent from Dadar Stn.)
what about 9.33 Kasara in thane
are trains working correctly , Ghatkopar to Sion? (sent from Andheri)
is Western line working? (sent from Elphinstone Road)
where is asangaon train  (sent from Dadar Stn.)
what wrong with the train 8:03 karjat (sent from Dadar Stn.)
where is 7:52 badlapur at ambernath (sent from Ambernath Stn.)
train status ? (sent from Vikhroli)
is trains are running in schedule or not?  (sent from Churchgate Stn.)
where is 8.16 asangaon fast  (sent from Matunga Road Stn.)
central ok hai kya? (sent from Byculla Stn.)
what's the train news, are they delayed? (sent from Vithalwadi)
where is 8.26 kasara from shahad
thane to ghatkopar any issues??  (sent from Shelu Stn.)
Central line me kalyan k liye train chal rahi hai kya mitron??? please inform  (sent from Churchgate Stn.)
thane to ghatkopar any issues??  (sent from Shelu Stn.)
will sihngad and deccan queen leave from pune tomorrow???
how to check current location of locals  (sent from Shahad Stn.)
train from Vikhroli to thane? (sent from Vikhroli)
karjat fast?  (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
train kiti minute late ahet? (sent from Bhandup)
train status?  (sent from Churchgate Stn.)
plz help mi to kasara train when will be reach at kalyan  (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
almost delay but dont know which platform the train will come  (sent from Kalyan)
any one have idea 8.26 kalyan? (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)
any update about central line ?
rajya rani express platform no. on thane station? (sent from Thane Stn.)
What is current status of rajya rani express (sent from Thane Stn.)
dadar se 8.31 ambernhat
fast train are on time or what? (sent from Sandhurst Road Stn.)
Are there any problems for Kalyan to cst locals?? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
where (sent from Airoli)
what about dadar to badlapur train status.plz any idea sent masage (sent from Elphinstone Road Stn.)
are there any train problems for Kalyan to cst locals?? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
khopoli? (sent from Dadar Stn.)
how times are late (sent from Vile Parle)
are trains running on time for central line ?
what about titwala and kasara train  (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
is there rain in matunga (sent from Thane Stn.)
what is current status of rajya rani express? (sent from Thane Stn.)
what about titwala and kasara train (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
may I seat in amravati express or wait for rajya rani express? (sent from Thane Stn.)
  do we have train from kurla to dadar ? (sent from Vashi Stn.)
is there train on time cat to Kalyan  (sent from Mumbra)
is there Meg 
thane to kalyan chalu he kya ? (sent from Koparkhairne)
trains running? (sent from Nahur)
kitna delay he ? (sent from Koparkhairne)
why? (sent from Nahur)
Thane to kalyan kitna kaye he trains ? (sent from Koparkhairne)
some waterlogging in nahur? 
where is titwala train (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
trian running let halaf hours but not  stop any where 
are trains on time? (sent from Mulund)
how much late?  (sent from Mulund)
depends where u r looking for (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
what is the status of 9.32 badlapur?  (sent from Thane Stn.)
which one is canceled? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
is the train running on time? 
Central line delayed or on time? (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)
are train on tym in central towards badlapur??? (sent from Vikhroli)
is there any train for badlapur from ambernath now (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
what happened to fast local frm thane to csmt??  (sent from Thane Stn.)
what is the status of kasara fast Train? (sent from Thane Stn.)
where is karjet train  (sent from Badlapur Stn.)
what is the status of 9:51(Thane) Asangaon train
there is news that central railways r cancelled for tommrw is it true? (sent from Vithalwadi)
when special train started between cst and vasai
status update? 
is it true that trains are cancelled for tomorrow??
where is asangaon local (sent from Titwala Stn.)
asangav local??? 
what abt cst trains (sent from Kalyan)
 what about ulhasnagar train from thane (sent from Thane)
are trains safe?  (sent from Panvel)
where is Karjat train (sent from Badlapur Stn.)
what is status from Kalyan Badlapur (sent from Badlapur Stn.)
what is status of churchg (sent from Bhayander)
what about krjt trains? (sent from Neral Stn.)
what is status of churchgate trains  (sent from Bhayander)
is central line working fine?  (sent from Airoli)
badlapur fast from ghatkopar. what is the current status?  (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
is there train available from thane to vashi
CST train chalu he??
I'm at kurla, what's the best route to go to Mira Rd? (sent from Nerul Stn.)
what's the position of CR train services? (sent from Andheri)
kal morning trains chlu hai kya?
what about 11.31 khopoli last fast train (sent from Dadar Stn.)
kurla mai barish hai kya??
what is the status of central line trains are all on time r any update (sent from Boisar)
where exactly is the khopoli fast train? (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
what status of csmt kasara fast?  (sent from Kanjur Marg)
mumbai centrel se ahmedabad ke liye train chalu huwi kya ? (sent from Jogeshwari)
who will provide the real time data and how (sent from Vithalwadi)
how is the situation of trains and rain now towards mumbai cst (sent from Dombivli)
exact location of kasara fast?  (sent from Bhandup Stn.)
How abt trains towards mumbai (sent from Dombivli)
down Cha train chalu ahet ki nahi ?? (sent from Matunga Road Stn.)
what the issue pls update (sent from Dadar Stn.)
western line kal chalu hai?  (sent from Mumbra)
where is last train
where is last train
where is last train
kal train chalu hai kya?  (sent from Byculla Stn.)
hi guys.. is central line operating properly? (sent from Kanjur Marg)
paucha kya Bhai gharpe??
hey any idea ... how much the cost of ticket from ulhas to CST 1st class ?? (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)
Bhai log.... trains were/are going to be working from mulund to CST ??? 
how is rain in titwala (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)
can we commute from kalyan to cst tomorrow??  (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
1st train nikla kya??
Ambernath se train time par hai kya ?
dadar Kalyan train time par hai ? (sent from Borivali)
train chalu he kya ???
please update train time pe hai kyaaaaa??? thana to CST??
????
konkan rail is working or not working? (sent from Parel)
is there trains are working from thane to ambernath
train chalu he kya ???
any rail problem during commute ? (sent from Kalva)
central line is all ok?
is there water logging in kalwa station? (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)
what's the status of rain ? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
please reply???? 
is there still water logging in dadar station? (sent from Shahad)
what status about local trains  (sent from Kalyan)
Are the trains running on time??  (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)
Dombivli to cstm jane ke liye train chalu he kya ??? (sent from Kopar Stn.)
dombivli to kanjurmarg status?  (sent from Kopar Stn.)
dombivli to kanjurmarg status?  (sent from Kopar Stn.)
konsa cst jane vala train kai ?? (sent from Vithalwadi)
dombivli to cst running or not?
train is runing properly kalyan to kurla?
what is the status of train  (sent from Vithalwadi)
guys guys guys , don't ask too much questions , just update the station status , so all can get clear picture , we all guys ask so many questions but no one answers when he was in station or 🚆  (sent from Airoli Stn.)
plsss update any one is it trains are running Kalyan to Kurla?? (sent from Nerul Stn.)
Kalyan to csmt train chalu aahet k? (sent from Kalyan)
is train working? 
puch rha hai ya Bata Raha hai..? (sent from Nerul Stn.)
Dombivli to Vidyavihar trains are running or not? (sent from Dombivli)
pl reply train working or not
konihi reply det nahiye.... baher padnaryna prasna padlet...?   (sent from Thakurli)
kurla me kya scene he ?
trains running or not?
central line k train chalu hai na ? (sent from Thakurli)
guys plsss update if anyone is traveling that trains are running or not..? (sent from Nerul Stn.)
aaj holliday he ki nahi? (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)
train chal rahi he kya??? dombivali to Cst?  (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)
thakurli se csmt slow train chalu hai kya ? (sent from Thakurli)
central line train running on time a what ???
plz update ,, people who are there on station waiting for train
kurla to mumbra train chal rahi hai Kya? (sent from Kurla Stn.)
snehal p from sai ? (sent from Vithalwadi Stn.)
aj batmi wale pan zople ani train chat wale pan zople vatate
ty bro u are the first person who replied with yes or no on question.. (sent from Nerul Stn.)
thane se train ka status kya hai?? (sent from Kalva)
trains chalu aahe ka? (sent from Ghatkopar)
Badlapur to cst status? 
sion matunga train and rain status?
are trains running????    late or on tym???? 
trine chalu het ka ? (sent from Kalyan)
trains are running from Ambernath? are they late? (sent from Ambernath)
is there train for cstm from kalyan (sent from Kalyan)
local trains chalu hai Kya?thane to kalyan
Are the trains running or not from Ambarnath to CSMT?  (sent from Ambernath)
are train running???????? from kalyan station (sent from Kalyan)
what is status of kurla arb. (sent from Kurla Stn.)
train towards CSMT, any update?  (sent from Bhandup)
are train running properly from dadar to thane? (sent from Dahisar)
standing train or running?? (sent from Kalyan)
barish hai kya sab jagah pe ? Dombivali me bahot barish ho rahi hai (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
where is admin of this app... why they are not replying
ty bro. kya waha baarish zyada hai ya Abhi normal me girr rhi hai..? (sent from Nerul Stn.)
Is Train Running On Time? (sent from Kalyan)
Kalyan - thane trains on time?? (sent from Vithalwadi)
Hello friends,  Good morning. Aaj trains ka kya status hai??? (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)
ok are u in train now? (sent from Nerul Stn.)
is it safe to travel from kanjur to Andheri today? (sent from Kanjur Marg)
Kalyan to thane travel is safe?  (sent from Kalyan)
Hello friends, Good morning. Aaj trains ka kya status hai?? (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)
train chalu hai kya ? train status kya hai ? train time pe hai kya ? arey Chu logon kabhi toh akkal lagao hamesha baarish ke time sab Ko pata hai trains late chalti hai fir bhi same question puchte ho  (sent from Thakurli Stn.)
gm.please confirm whether mumbai to pune intercity xpress is on time? (sent from Kandivali)
Are trains running between thane to dadar? (sent from Thane Stn.)
from Thane to dombivili??
dombivali to cst trains are working? pls confirm (sent from Dombivli)
dhanu to panvel train chalu hai kya bhai log...? (sent from Palghar)
intercity express from dadar? (sent from Kandivali)
Kalyan to CST trains r going ?? (sent from Kalyan)
what's the status of ghodbunder road?? anyone
vikhroli se karjat trains chalu hai kya? (sent from Vikhroli)
Dadar to kurla train chalu hai kya...? (sent from Parel)
train towards ambernath are running?
are the trains from Ambernath? (sent from Ambernath)
Good morning,is there train from kalyan to cst? (sent from Thakurli Stn.)
kalwa to CST status?  (sent from Kalva)
are trn feom thane to kalyn on time ?? (sent from Airoli Stn.)
dombivali to cst train status?? (sent from Dombivli)
kalyan  to  cst??  (sent from Vithalwadi)
kya Karjat se Mulund train chalu h kya? (sent from Bhandup)
Ambernath to cst?
source of the update??? (sent from Kopar)
is trains are on time? 
trains towards ambernaty running from kalyan?
richa budkar are trains running or they have been stopped.? (sent from Khopoli Stn.)
?? (sent from Vithalwadi)
what is the status of karjat to cst
are trains running between Kalyan to CSMT?
Richa source? 
kalva to csmt train chalu hen Kya ? (sent from Kalva)
train chalu ahet ka?
is the karjat to cst train on time? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
खोपोली सीएसटी फास्ट लोकल चालू आहे का ? (sent from Badlapur)
kalyan Station K bahar idli wala aaya he kya??  (sent from Kalyan)
really?  (sent from Ambernath Stn.)
is there waterlodging in sion? (sent from Dahisar)
sarcasm????? (sent from Kopar)
Karjat to cst fast time  vr aahe ka?  (sent from Ambernath Stn.)
kalwa mein paani bhaara h Kya? (sent from Dombivli)
what about thane-cst
trains r running ?? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
central line right time hai Kya ?. (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)
baarish mein umbrella Gilla ho Gaya kya karu guys?
guys kalwa mein paani bhaara h Kya? (sent from Dombivli)
are trains running? (sent from Badlapur)
train status?? (sent from Dombivli)
anyone at Thane station? thane to CST working?
do we have heavy water logging near parel station?? (sent from Airoli)
train status?? (sent from Thane)
on time? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
Is it Train on time from thane to CST?
Is there train running between Dadar to thane (sent from Virar)
how are rains in thane and above any updates  (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
baarish mein public whatsapp se jyaada m indiactor pe chat karte hai!!!!!😂 (sent from Kopar)
what aboutwater logging at ambernath station?? (sent from Dombivli)
Central Line update?
Diva to cst train kiti delay hath? ani pani jamlay ka track warti
Mumbai to pune intercity is working ? ? 
hi, dadar to thane working? i mean kurla, matunga, sion me water logging to nahi hai na?? pls update  (sent from Virar)
Kasara, Karjat running. (sent from Kurla Stn.)
what about local trains are running on time? (sent from Karjat Stn.)
really which news (sent from Airoli Stn.)
what's the position at Shahad station  (sent from Shahad Stn.)
are all trains working frOKm kalyan station? (sent from Kalyan)
Trains from Ghatkopar to CSMT running properly ?
at what time you got train and from which station
are trains working from Sion to CST?
what's the situation at Sion? waterlogging? (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)
water logging at Kalwa ? (sent from Juinagar)
any special announcement regarding holiday?
what is the status of trains 
what about Solapur Mumbai Siddhrshwar Super Fast Train (sent from Shahad)
who is local train (sent from Ambernath)
any updates around vidyavihar station ??? (sent from Mulund)
अंबरनाथ से मुंबई ट्रेन चल रहा है क्या? 
Are trains running from badlapur to cst?? (sent from Badlapur)
kalyan to cst ka status batao? 
cst jane wli train chal rahi hai kya?  are they on time  (sent from Thakurli)
did konkan kanya arrived at thane? 
trains on time? (sent from Shahad Stn.)
trains?  (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
???? (sent from Mumbai Central Stn.)
what is the status of train right now...? (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)
trains chal rhi hai kya from ulhasnagar? (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)
Are trais running from Thane to Dadar?
status of train between kalyan and amber nath? (sent from Ambernath)
what abt dombivli to dadar trains r their (sent from Dombivli)
how long? any issues hope trins are running?  (sent from Vithalwadi)
what is the status from mumbra to cst?? 
is there any notice regarding holiday for school and college? (sent from Ambernath)
is trains r late for thane n frm thane to ghatkopar??  pls as fast as late me kno  (sent from Airoli Stn.)
what is the train status from badlapur (sent from Badlapur Stn.)
on time ki late hai? (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)
source?  (sent from Kopar)
source?
Kurla Dadar working ? (sent from Seawood Darave Stn.)
is this news is real  (sent from Badlapur)
train status?? (sent from Virar)
what are they saying  (sent from Mulund Stn.)
what's the train status
but what's the status of train (sent from Titwala Stn.)
train chalu aahe ka???
are trains running on time ? (sent from Badlapur Stn.)
are trains running?( sent from kalyan)
are you sure school s and college s are having holiday in suburbs???? (sent from Thakurli Stn.)
is there water logging in kalyan? (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)
trains chalu h kya? (sent from Kurla Stn.)
can i go mulund from matunga?
are trains running from vithalwadi to kurla? (sent from Vithalwadi)
aaj chutti declared ki hai kya? (sent from Bhandup)
trains chalu hai kya?
news is confirm?? 
nazim?? 
are trains running ? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
what is the status of local trains kalyan to thane (sent from Kalyan)
what is the train status between cstm to karjat (sent from Airoli)
Trains are working properly???? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
what about Bhandup to Thane  (sent from Nahur)
are trains working from kanpur marg station to thane? (sent from Kanjur Marg)
any issue for trains running towards Thane from dadar? (sent from Dahisar Stn.)
water logging issues? (sent from Mulund)
are trains working?
what is the status for Bhandup to Thane (sent from Nahur)
are trains for Bhandup to kurla on time????  (sent from Bhandup)
western line trains are working or not
Ambernath to CST? are trains running??
Are trains from Dombivili on time...?? (sent from Kopar Stn.)
what about Byculla to kurla trains? what is the position? 
what's up starts  (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)
Are  trains running on time ?? CR  (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)
sion station,  water logging are there?  (sent from Thane)
Are Trains running to Ghatkopar?
trains are on time? from Thane to dadar (sent from Thane)
trains r running  proper?? 
are there rains?
what about badlapur ??
is the holiday news for college confirm? (sent from Ambernath)
how are you
what about sion station (sent from Nahur)
any updates about central ?? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
hey dombivli sathi train chalu aahy ka?? (sent from Titwala Stn.)
there is no rain in kurla...abhi kahi barish ho rhi h?
trains are running or not? 
for all colleges senior and junior? (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)
are trains running between thane and cat? (sent from Thane Stn.)
what is train status from Badlapur to cst??
what is train status from Badlapur to cst??
are trains running? (sent from Shahad)
is the trains running from thane t cst?  (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)
aj ka train status kya hai....??? (sent from Thakurli)
what is train status from badlapur to cst?
what is the running status of local train between dombivali to cst (sent from Kopar)
down side janyasathi trains aahet ka vyavasthit? (sent from Vikhroli)
what is train status of 6:16 kalyan starting local to cst (sent from Kalyan)
Is it on time? (sent from Kalyan)
are train working between Dadar and Thane?
Train status from Titwala to CST??? (sent from Titwala Stn.)
train status at kurla???  (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
are trains on time? (sent from Nahur)
status of mulund stn???? (sent from Vikhroli)
Why? stopped or cancelled? (sent from Dombivli)
are train's on time? (sent from Shahad)
who told you 
are u sure?  (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
what about 6:10 am khopoli to cst train  (sent from Palasdhari)
are there trains from cst???? (sent from Vikhroli)
is it raining in kurla ? (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)
whats status from kalyan to thane? (sent from Kalyan)
what abt trains from kalyan to thane 
is there water logging at ghatkopar stn?  (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)
 ghatkopr to cst live status ? send (sent from Virar)
update on trains from Ulhasnagar?? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
trains at Kalyan Kya haal Hai ? (sent from Vithalwadi)
are the trains running from Diva to CST?
mail gadi chalu hai? 
kasara local. chalu. hai ? (sent from Mulund Stn.)
ambarnath to kurla??
koyna ex states ? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
cst tak trains jaare hai?? (sent from Kandivali Stn.)
Dadar to neral ? are trains working ok time? (sent from Matunga Road Stn.)
kalyan to cst trains ja rahe hai kya?  (sent from Thakurli)
are trains working ? 
check in westernline chat (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
ye central line ki chat hai bhai western line me check karo (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
dadar to Thane?? (sent from Malad Stn.)
What is train status  (sent from Badlapur)
dombivli to cst trains? (sent from Dombivli)
western line ke chat mei daalo ye (sent from Mulund)
is the train to CSMT is in time (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)
dadar to Thane ?? (sent from Malad Stn.)
status for dadar to Thane please? (sent from Malad Stn.)
is their water clogging in kurla ? (sent from Mulund Stn.)
is central line working?
central line train to kasara are on time?  (sent from Airoli)
fast train halted for more than 30 mins between sion matunga any problems ahead? (sent from Kings Circle Stn.)
train between Thane  and CSTM  running?  (sent from Airoli)
what about asangone to cst local any one riply (sent from Khadavli)
what about asangone to cst local any one riply (sent from Khadavli)
is it safe to travel?? (sent from Ambernath)
dombivli to Ghatkoper??  (sent from Dombivli)
any trains btw thane ghatkopar??
are trains on time between thane to matunga? any problem? (sent from Vikhroli)
6:10 CST to Karjat is on time? (sent from Badlapur)
any train between Kurla to Vikhroli? (sent from Gtb Nagar Stn.)
thane harbour chalu hai???
badlapur to thane trains are running on time??? (sent from Badlapur)
dadar to thane? can anyone please let me know? (sent from Jogeshwari Stn.)
what is the condition of virar station? is transportation available till station? how about water logging? 
Central line mein paani bhara hai kya? (sent from Grant Road Stn.)
train statis from kalwa to Ghatkopar up locals pls??? (sent from Kalva)
are they still running? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
Ambernath to CST trains on time? Its pouring heavily here. (sent from Ambernath)
are trains working at dadar to sion?
sion water logging hua hai ? (sent from Thane)
is there a holiday today for schools and colleges? (sent from Dombivli)
is there any water logging in thane
what is the status in AMBERNATH 
is the trains running from shahad to cst
are you sure? (sent from Dombivli)
what is the train status at thane (sent from Shahad Stn.)
gm....amb to cst status? (sent from Ambernath Stn.)
what is train status at ulhasnagar
kurla to mumbra status?? (sent from Cotton Green Stn.)
what is status about heavy rain at Mumbai?? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
so that means trains are late 15 - 20 min???  (sent from Thane)
पाऊस आहे का मुंबई त?? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
fasega toh tu chhudane aayega kya???🤬 (sent from Andheri)
holiday isn't declared for schools and colleges, right?  (sent from Thane)
what is the status of rain
what is central train status? (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)
does trains run well??  (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
please don't fight. this is for helping each other. But 98%there are questions like train chalu hai kya? answers are already there. just read them na (sent from Dombivli)
what about Thane to cst
what about Ambernath to Csmt 7:17 (sent from Ambernath)
sab time pe chal rahi hai late nahi hai trains, in all 3 lines?  (sent from Andheri)
are the trains running on time ?  (sent from Shahad)
water logging over anywhere ? (sent from Shahad)
what is the status of valsad fast passanger?
at Kalyan train are on time? 
what is status of central railway from thane to dombivali (sent from Thane)
arre yaar kalse baarish ho rahi hai sabko pata hai, log bol rahe hai paani bhara hai, sab chalu toh hai lekin kitni der tak? (sent from Andheri)
Jisko pata hai ya stn pe hai wo update karo baki log hinge timepass karna Whatssapp pe chat karo (sent from Mulund)
is there a water logging at sion or matunga?
what is mast? khala (sent from Kalyan)
is there waterlogging anywhere? (sent from Vikhroli)
Dombivali varun trains chalu ahet na? (sent from Kopar)
trains from kalyan to thane..status??
what's the status of train
train status from Kalyan? (sent from Shahad Stn.)
what's the status of karjat - csmt fast 6:51 at dombivli (sent from Thakurli)
are there trains from Kalyan?  (sent from Kalyan)
to Thane?  (sent from Kalyan)
whats a status of dombivli stn? (sent from Dombivli)
are central line trains on time ? (sent from Vithalwadi)
kurla to kalyan trains chalu hai? please reply anybody  (sent from Mankhurd)
6:37 will shortly arrive at ulhasnagar as I said in my previous message can't believe on this Indian railways so here the train is late by 10 minutes don't know when it'll come! (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)
what is a status on Badlapur station? (sent from Badlapur Stn.)
are the trains on time from thane? I need an excuse to sleep more.  (sent from Thane)
This should be called a "What is status of trains" confusion box instead of Central Railway rail chat (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
 are train on time frm karjat to Csmt?  (sent from Karjat)
is there water clogging at Kalyan station?  (sent from Kalyan)
is there clogging at mulund? (sent from Mulund)
thane mai Pani bharay Kya?? (sent from Thakurli)
dombivili me kya scene hai?
how is karjat root..?? (sent from Ambernath)
what about dadar water block
what about Shahad station  (sent from Shahad Stn.)
did it rained heavily at night? (sent from Kalyan)
what is train status from Badlapur to cst (sent from Badlapur)
what about dadar to badlapur local  (sent from Vile Parle)
what is the status of the trains on central line? (sent from Kalva)
situations for central railways?
pls put updates of 6.33 Amb train, when you cross thane, kurla and dadar. (sent from Ambernath Stn.)
situation at Kalyan? (sent from Shahad)
kalwa carshed trains are on time? (sent from Kalva Stn.)
I wanted to go Surat is it possible to go from Virar??? (sent from Nalla Sopara)
are on time? (sent from Shahad)
asangaon to CST chalu hai kya??? (sent from Kalyan)
I wanted to sleep more. why are the trains running smoothly 😭😭😭😭 (sent from Thane)
kurla to dadar ....are trains working? (sent from Mankhurd)
Dombivali west me idli wala rehta hai stn k yha wo chalu hai kya ?? pls update Dena koi hoga waha to
any update how train is going (sent from Bhiwandi Road Stn.)
are trains running normal between Thane and Ghatkopar?  (sent from Ghansoli Stn.)
ambernath to vidyavihar are all trains running???? (sent from Ambernath)
are trains running normal from Thane to csmt??
Thane to CSMT?
anyone can tell what is the status of trains from Kalyan to thane and thane to Airoli . please (sent from Kalyan)
Is train running on time between Kurla to Karjat? (sent from Gtb Nagar)
are trains on time kyn to cst? (sent from Vithalwadi)
Are train running between cst to badlapur?
what about thane to cst (sent from Ghansoli)
status of 6:45 fast from kalyan? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
train is working or not from kalyan station & if working than how much late trains from kalyan to cst (sent from Kalyan)
guys what is the status of the trains from DOMBIVLI to CST? (sent from Dombivli)
any one who travelled from kalyan to csmt
are train working from kalwa to dadar ? (sent from Kalva Stn.)
what is the status f train from shahad to cst (sent from Shahad Stn.)
??? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
Is Thane to Kurla working fine ?
dombivli to thane? (sent from Nilje)
what about Csmt to karjat train?? (sent from Ambernath)
what's the train status from ambernath to kurla ??
are train running on time? 
what are latest train status? by what time difference are they late?  (sent from Kalyan)
 asngn to csmt? are they on time??
thane to cst fast train status? (sent from Airoli Stn.)
is it raining after thane?  (sent from Thakurli)
is it raining after thane ?
train chalu aahy ka csmt parynt?? (sent from Titwala Stn.)
kalyan to badlapur chalu ahe ka? (sent from Kalyan)
regarding thane, what does the station look like right now? is it without trains and with people waiting? I'm not at Thane right now so I have no clue (sent from Thane)
Kalyan to CST on time? (sent from Kalyan)
are train running on time from dadar to Kalyan?? (sent from Dadar Stn.)
what is the status from Dadar to Ghatkopar?
what about central line status today (sent from Badlapur)
hi, Any update? (sent from Thakurli Stn.)
whats the status of 0700 Vasai Panvel ?
what's the status of local between kyn and cst ? (sent from Kalyan)
 are trains running on time in central line ? (sent from Thakurli)
what has central railway done this time around, that everything is still working despite of so much rains. Hats off to them.
trains from badlapur running on time? pls update
sleep love. you don't want to go through what I went through (sent from Thane)
what's the status for today. are the trains working  (sent from Dombivli)
are you praising them or cursing ??  (sent from Nilje)
6:50 am train from CST is on time???? (sent from Ambernath)
is there still waterlogging at sion? are trains running?
is the train moving from virar
Thane CST r on time? (sent from Vashi)
hi ....are tains from klyn to cst running ? pls update 
should  I take the train or the roads? ( Mulund to vile Parle)
Central trains are late?  (sent from Vidyavihar Stn.)
trn status from thane to kalyan? 
omg really?
train status for Thane - Dadar? (sent from Thane)
What about bdalpur to  thane??? 
from ambernath ?
central trains r late? bt nt cancelled yet right ? (sent from Thane Stn.)
so traveling till Ghatkopar is possible?
central line chalu hai kya , thane to kalyan ??? (sent from Thane)
locals are runing or not ? (sent from Dombivli)
how is waterlogging at Sion? (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
Atleast is Dombivli to Kalyan train travel possible? (sent from Dombivli)
trains are running ? (sent from Masjid Stn.)
towards Karjat trains running? (sent from Kalyan)
what's today's train status
are central line trains running on time?
Okay. Thank you. Slow or fast? (sent from Dombivli)
are trains late today from Ulhasnagar?? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
how abt the route from cst-airoli via thane (sent from Masjid Stn.)
virar se chal rahi hain??
vithalwadi to cst kset? kiti late or band? (sent from Vithalwadi Stn.)
CST to mumbra chalu hai just?? (sent from Cotton Green Stn.)
train is running from Ghatkopar to CST? (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
KALYAN TO CSMT r trains running on time?  (sent from Vithalwadi)
train chalu hai kya  time prle ? (sent from Vasind)
central line velevar aahe....? (sent from Ambivli)
lol..but then..how sure are you?;) (sent from Dombivli)
what is the status for kurla and Sion from dadar ??
train is running from virar ????
kurla mumbra chalu ha? (sent from Cotton Green Stn.)
train status ?
cath ri8 now wer r u?
what is the status of trains from ambernath (sent from Shahad)
what about cst kasara train?? (sent from Shahad Stn.)
is there water logging on tracks in kurla n Sion? (sent from Manasarovar)
Is there waterlogging at Kurla? (sent from Chunabhatti)
haha...koi stn p h kya ambernth?
trains are running from cst to Thane ?
are trains from Thane on time?
all trains regular gai na central ke?  (sent from Nahur)
status from ulhasnagar? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
are they on time?
are trains running on time?
has karjat first fast train left from dombivli already? can anyone please tell (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
is there any problem between dadar to Bandra  (sent from Thakurli)
work sucks and you wanna kick the boss out of a window ? (sent from Thane)
cath...Are u student? 
fast train towards CSTM from Thane are on time ?  (sent from Thane)
What's the status between Dadar Vikhroli??  (sent from Charni Road Stn.)
cst to thane lines r clear or not
which year..:p
trains are in time ? (sent from Dombivli)
what's the status of train running from Dadar to Kurla? (sent from Borivali Stn.)
what is aasngow to cst train status?
Arey wo barish jor see gira to,chuti Lena jaruri hai Kya? (sent from Ambernath)
acha ye reply kese krte h mention krke ?
trains are running...Only with 5/10 mins delay which is normal (sent from Thakurli Stn.)
what is situation at Sion...?
How's the weather  (sent from Tilak Nagar Stn.)
any delays in trains running towards badlpur?
I'm just wondering why exactly you said that.    (sent from Thane)
it will be great help if we all just stick to train news rather than doing stupid things asking tea holiday or what
 what about sion station (sent from Ghatkopar)
what kalyn status (sent from Kalyan)
agar baarish ho rahi hai zyaada toh kaam pe jaana zaroori hai Kya??? (sent from Masjid)
is there trains working between dadar to vidyavihar 
Sion duba ? (sent from Kandivali)
trains from cst to vikroli working?? (sent from Marine Lines)
cstm to ghatkopar train chalu hai??
Kalyan to Cst trains chalu he??? (sent from Kalyan)
wait.... you serious? (sent from Thane)
ulhasnagar to kurla chalu h kya trains???? (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)
hi friends, how is it from Dadar to kurla (sent from Goregaon Stn.)
trains from shahad? (sent from Shahad)
what is this.all are questioning.any body give answer bhi na. (sent from Malad)
badlapur to ghatkopar train chalu hai?
are trains working & on time from Mulund to Vikhroli? (sent from Mira Road)
what about Kalwa to Mumbra track status 
mulund to kurla? (sent from Mulund)
seriously, western stopped? (sent from Goregaon Stn.)
western stoped or fake news? (sent from Mulund)
read Western line chat
मध्य रेल्वे सुरळीत चालू आहेत का?
what is the status of train ambernath to cst
cast to thane central line chalu hai kya? (sent from Masjid Stn.)
trains are running on time ?
Sion duba ? (sent from Kandivali)
dadar Csmt running ok? (sent from Borivali Stn.)
thane to airoli trains chalu hai kya? (sent from Masjid Stn.)
train s are running late ?
R the central line trains running on time? (sent from Dadar Stn.)
shahad  to thane train chalu  hai ?? (sent from Vithalwadi)
what about Titwala to cst (sent from Titwala Stn.)
whole world knows when rains starts obviously trains will be late and some stupid and morons are asking same question train time pe hai kya ? (sent from Thakurli Stn.)
badlapure train???  (sent from Virar Stn.)
trains are working?? (sent from Vithalwadi)
is the train from cst running on time
Fast Trains are running on time between Dombivali and dadar ???? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
trains on time??
Centrel line karjat to csmt on time he???  ya delayed he (sent from Neral)
cst to thane are trains working?
Is train going properly from Kalyan to Thane? (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)
Are trains running on time ? (sent from Ambarnath)
Has anyone crossed Sion Matunga just now?  (sent from Mulund)
good morning. trains on time? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
is borivali thane bus running? 
I have to travel cstm via dadar...from boriwali. what is condition of trains are they on time any block or cancelled? 
titwala side train r on time????
any idea about 7:59 Thana train?  (sent from Thane Stn.)
what's the situation (sent from Andheri)
what about dombivli 
what is the status of trains today (sent from Mulund)
trains from cst to pune are running or not? (sent from Kalva Stn.)
what status u want (sent from Mahim Jn Stn.)
Are trains Running from amb to thane?
parel??
what is the condition near Sion Matunga? Are the trackes too flooded (sent from Thane Stn.)
anyone at ulhasnagar station? can someone please tell me status at ulhas nagar station (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
Train's is running or not?!
what's the status between Thane and dadar??
Ghar se nikalna safe he kya local conditions dekhhe?
what about thana train (sent from Dadar Stn.)
is dadar to Kanjurmarg train running?? (sent from Dahisar Stn.)
CST to thane chalu hai kya ? (sent from Lower Parel)
queen?
trains from titwala? (sent from Titwala Stn.)
how about rhane
sf an ?? (sent from Chembur Stn.)
is it raining heaving in dadar/kurla? (sent from Ambernath)
badlapure station pe pani bhara he Kay???  (sent from Virar Stn.)
what about today?? is alright??
what is position at Thane  (sent from Ghatkopar)
dadar may barish hai kay????? (sent from Vidyavihar)
where (sent from Andheri)
kalyan  to dadar train is late? (sent from Khadavli)
it's raining what in mumbai (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
hahahaha what a question (sent from Masjid)
Dadar to Ghatkopar chalu hai kya trains?? (sent from Kandivali)
what is status in thane (sent from Vikhroli)
Sion ka Kya status?
what is status from vidyavihar station  (sent from Vidyavihar)
parel station ka kya haal hai waterlogging hai ? (sent from Ghatkopar)
Badlapur Thane KY status aahe??
Up & Down, trains are running late by 15 to 20 mins....all trains are slow at Sion and Matunga..travel at your own risk or when stuck you will have to find your own fix.  (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
What is position at Sion (sent from Elphinstone Road)
 what is train status (sent from Nahur)
r trains from ghatkopr to thane side running?
what about is asangone to cst local any one riply please
what about dadar to Thane train (sent from Bhayander Stn.)
has 7.59 cst train has come? what is the status of thane cst trains
Any status update about Soon? (sent from Thane Stn.)
announcement at Kurla station that slow trains have been cancelled (sent from Kurla Stn.)
are trains running?  (sent from Mulund Stn.)
any status about fast trains? Central line??
Sion ? any update.? (sent from Thane Stn.)
will you stop posting shit? (sent from Nahur)
dader to thane trains running? (sent from Umroli Road Stn.)
are trains running from badlapur to ghatkopar? (sent from Badlapur Stn.)
thane to kurla?? 
maybe I can be friends with it?😂😂😂 (sent from Thane)
what abht from Mumbra trains are proper to go mulund or ...
are the trains working from thane to cst?( sent from mulund)
Dadar status please?? (sent from Dadar)
thane to dadar working ? (sent from Santa Cruz)
what is the status of down track?
any status about fast trains?? are they on time?
oui? (sent from Thane)
what is status of soon stn (sent from Borivali)
are trains running from Kalyan to Thane ?
train are running? (sent from Ghatkopar)
what about thane-CST???
what's the status near kurlastation? 
is there flooding of tracks on sion? (sent from Mulund)
what is status of soon stn (sent from Borivali)
what is the position of central line (sent from Kalyan)
can anyone tell what abt cst (sent from Mumbra)
badlapur to cst??? train status..any update
is dadar station water logged? i heard its raining heavily there. (sent from Mulund Stn.)
what is latest update on central trains (sent from Kalva)
what status about thane station?  (sent from Goregaon Stn.)
 is train on time or running from thane to dadar ???
college chalu hai kya?
dadar to dombivali? (sent from Mira Road)
Kalyan to Dadar?  (sent from Shahad)
so did the water got logged anywhere?
trains r on time ?
y the government dont fix up proper drainage system?
ap station pe ho kya?
are thane trains working from platform no 1? (sent from Kalva)
are the trains in central line runing in time? (sent from Mira Road)
are trains late and rains fast!?
thane main pani bhara hai kya?? (sent from Byculla)
updates anyone?
are trains commencing from thane cancelled?  (sent from Thane Stn.)
CST to thane?  (sent from Lower Parel)
is Karjat train on time in Kalyan of 7:50....? (sent from Ambernath)
Thane Mai Pani bhara hai kya? (sent from Kanjur Marg)
what abt Vikhroli? (sent from Vikhroli)
any one have idea that where is train 7:45 Kalyan fast from kurla (sent from Kurla Stn.)
kalyan mei paani bhara hain kya??? (sent from Ambernath Stn.)
Dadar kalyan route any train? (sent from Dadar Stn.)
thane me pani bhara hai? (sent from Byculla)
train chalu he na thane to kurla? 
hi, what's the status in byculla and chinchpokli?
thane me paani hai kya? (sent from Kalyan)
Kalyan to cst tarin status? (sent from mumbra) (sent from Mumbra Stn.)
Thane kya position hai?
kurla se chichpokli Ki haal hai trains ka? (sent from Kurla Stn.)
college jau ki nhi ?  (sent from Kalyan)
neral ka train chalu hai na?? (sent from Dadar Stn.)
thane to karjat??? (sent from Dadar Stn.)
Sion station ka kya haal hai? trains chal rahi hai kya Sion tak? (sent from Andheri)
MUMBRA?
kalwa me pani bhara hai kya?? (sent from Diva Jn)
Guys what is the status of trains? does the train are running on time? (sent from Titwala Stn.)
is it safe to go office? (sent from Diva Jn)
what's the status of train??
hi. Are trains running from Matunga to Thane ? (sent from Matunga Road Stn.)
waterlogging huva hain kya track pe ? (sent from Sewri)
Diva to cstm?  (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)
yes! kalvyala pani ahe ka? (sent from Diva Jn)
hi guys what is the status of Western line train running or not (sent from Naigaon)
is it going ahead after Kalwa?? (sent from Dombivli)
really?? so it's better not to get out of our homes?? (sent from Kalyan)
is train going to kurla from dadar?? 
kasara train.....?
kalyan to kurla any problem?  (sent from Kalyan)
current situation of Virar-churchgate ???
central railway status?
Did anyone completed full journey? (sent from Thane Stn.)
current situation of Virar-churchgate ???
Dadar to neral please update??!!!! (sent from Dadar Stn.)
Did any one complete full journey? (sent from Thane Stn.)
what about dombivli to thane (sent from Bhayander Stn.)
what is the status between thane to csmt?
what do i do m stuck at parel and not even able to reach station due to heavy rains please help n suggest (sent from Elphinstone Road)
is there any water logging on stations ? (sent from Mulund Stn.)
train status of karjat to Thane??  (sent from Bhivpuriroad)
what ? (sent from Thakurli)
what news?
where karjat train reached (sent from Vithalwadi Stn.)
ambernath -neral...? (sent from Ambernath)
dadar to matunga train??
Kurla to thane working?
what is status of train in badlapur station 
ambernath to neral working...? (sent from Ambernath)
town side there's raining like hell please suggest what do i do??? (sent from Elphinstone Road)
what about Kalwa thane patch (sent from Thakurli Stn.)
what about ghatkopar to vikhroli?
Train status in thane? (sent from Dadar)
what is status of Mulund (sent from Nerul)
what is  status from diva to cst (sent from Diva Jn)
dombivli to thane ? koi to bata do  (sent from Kopar Stn.)
Kurla to thane working well? (sent from Gtb Nagar Stn.)
Any logic at going to Kasara? (sent from Thane Stn.)
wht abt thane panvale rout?
kurla kalyan ka kya scene hai ? (sent from Kurla Stn.)
dombivli to ghatkopar train status pls? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
Is central railway on time ?? (sent from Chinchpokli Stn.)
what is the status of trains on central line (sent from Tilak Nagar)
dadar central to kurla working on time? (sent from Bandra Stn.)
what is the situation from Dadar to Churchgate (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)
what are the train updates today for karjat Cst route?  (sent from Karjat)
thane to Vikhroli train status please??
ABP majha???  (sent from Diva Jn)
Trains are working as per sources who already traveled. So pack up and leave for work, don't find excuses over here. It's your life, make a choice.
koi toh bolo ki bohat pani bahara hai ; Central railway is closed 😭 (sent from Kalyan)
have to go from thane to jogeshwari for internship.. should I take the risk ?
update between thane to cst?  (sent from Mulund)
kurla k baahar voh idli waala hai kya? (sent from Dadar Stn.)
are the trains on time from dombivili? (sent from Dombivli)
what is the status  (sent from Badlapur)
where is khopoli fast train  (sent from Mulund)
how is the situation in sion and matunga (sent from Thakurli Stn.)
Trains to thane status?? (sent from Tilak Nagar)
Dombivli se Ghatkopar train chalu h kya? (sent from Dombivli)
ata? (sent from Badlapur)
dombivli to ghatkopar train status? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
kal jo jo office jake aya kisi ko kuch problem lga kya? 
😂😂😂😂Nerul ke bahar idli wala hai kya ??????😂😂😂😀😀😀 (sent from Kharghar Stn.)
what's the status of all local trains?? (sent from Vithalwadi)
what is the result thane to dadar (sent from Thane)
train status?
what is the status of trains at Parel? (sent from Matunga Road Stn.)
Baarish me train ke darwaje pe latakna jaruri hai kya? (sent from Kalyan)
is there any problem in central line?? (sent from Vashi)
is the train on time
what about 8.01 ladies spcl from kalyan to cst?  (sent from Shahad)
r  trains on time? (sent from Nilje)
r  trains on time? (sent from Nilje)
status for asongoan trains ?  (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
badlapur varun train on time ahet ka? (sent from Badlapur)
Hello , what's the running stusts of dhanu panvel meno (sent from Bhiwandi Road)
like minders... ping me who're up for a water rafting adventure sports at Ghodbunder Thane!
dombivali to ghatkopar? (sent from Nilje)
central line status ??? (sent from Dombivli)
train from dadar to vikhroli are running or not?  (sent from Jogeshwari Stn.)
Not when board on train.. (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
Trains chalu hain kya ? (sent from Ambernath Stn.)
water logging at parel? (sent from Ghatkopar)
is there any delay in central line trains??? (sent from Ambernath)
CST to Thane trains are running on time or not
Thane Status?
Dombivali to Ghatkopar?? suru ahe ka (sent from Dombivli)
dombivli to karjat chalu hai kya??? (sent from Dombivli)
trains are on time?
what about syadri   train is it running on time (sent from Karjat Stn.)
Barsat ka mausam hai na? 
trains are on time?
hi what abt water logging in sion kurla radar  (sent from Mankhurd Stn.)
what is the position of byculla to thane (sent from Dockyard Road)
train time pe hai kya?? (sent from Dombivli)
trains from Ambernath on time? (sent from Ambernath Stn.)
thane to kalyan trains...?
cst to khopoli ????? any update (sent from Dombivli)
hii kuch status from kalyan??? (sent from Thakurli)
kurla to cst....... what is d status (sent from Kurla)
thane to cst ??? (sent from Rabale)
what about mumbai to pune express
Hi Ghatkoper to thane train running..? (sent from Andheri)
are trains on time from ghatkopar ?
 how about chruchgate
train chalu h kya..?
what is the current statues of trains (sent from Mahim Jn)
train chalu hai kya??  (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
pani sachlai ka kalyancha pudhe karjat line la ? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
trains chalu ahet ka??  (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
 what about cst to thane status? (sent from Sandhurst Road)
Thane CST train?
kalyan to dombivli ? (sent from Thakurli)
baarish ne khidki, door band karna jaroori hai kya? (sent from Kalyan)
thane cst ? (sent from Rabale)
what about Thane to CST? (sent from Airoli Stn.)
Is trains running from thane to CST...? (sent from Bhiwandi Road)
wats the situation in Sion kurla n parel?? (sent from Dombivli)
thane- karjat ? (sent from Turbhe Stn.)
khar road to bhandup train hai?
are trains running on time ?
Thane Ka kunjvihar vada-pav chalu hai kya?m (sent from Kalyan)
Water logging at Thane Station premises??
kurla to ghatkoper running or not ?
has anyone crossed sion? (sent from Dombivli)
For those going to kurla...is there any waterlogging outside kurla station??
what is the situation in sion ?
Thane local ?? (sent from Thane Stn.)
train status from dombivali to Ghatkopar? (sent from Ghatkopar)
kurla to kalyan ? (sent from Kurla Stn.)
wat abt kalwa n Mulund ??
what is the status at kurla station ? (sent from Thane Stn.)
today all trains are on time?
OMG  mad rain it is?  (sent from Gtb Nagar)
how to situations from central? (sent from Chinchpokli Stn.)
kalyan us side ki train chalu hai kya??
Ghatkpr to thane train working?
central line status? please update (sent from Vithalwadi)
kalyan to badlapur train chalu hai kya? (sent from Kalyan)
kalyan to badlapur train chalu hai kya? (sent from Kalyan)
pls confirm whether trains are running from thane to dada? (sent from Bhiwandi Road)
train chalu aahe ka ? (sent from Chinchpokli Stn.)
from matunga train are running properly or not? (sent from Mahim Jn)
train running from Sion to CSTM ???? (sent from Mahim Jn)
in western its raining heavily since past 1 hr..so who are going there pls check the status and then plan (sent from Ambernath Stn.)
down side train chalu hai kya..? (sent from Khar Road)
whats rain status? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
what us train status thane and mulund 
what is d status of trains from vidyavihar to dadar?  (sent from Chembur)
dadar to thane..!?
karjat train hai na ? (sent from Kopar)
kalyan CST ?
dombivali to CSMT????? 
dombivali to cst ? (sent from Ghatkopar)
thane to dadar?
train late hai kya?? (sent from Kalva)
is kurla/sion waterlogged? 
what is the status at kurla (sent from Thakurli)
What is status from Thane to  Csmt? (sent from Kalva)
status frm kalyan to thane?
train from Mumbra ?? running on time ? (sent from Mumbra)
anyone here who knows, why jethalal actually went to senorita island? (sent from Kalyan)
titwala cst train chalu hai kya? (sent from Shahad Stn.)
what about kurla to dadar? (sent from Kurla)
what abt trains from dombivali to cst
7.30 cst to khopoli ? update  (sent from Thane Stn.)
thane to panvel status?
Any update on Parel, is there water logging there? (sent from Vidyavihar)
hi I'm also using but pls tell me what is status of CR  (sent from Dombivli)
where is 8.24 kasara trin now (sent from Vasind Stn.)
is it raining in Mulund...? (sent from Sion Stn.)
Thane. to CST?
what about cst to dombivali (sent from Chunabhatti Stn.)
Thane to Kurla? (sent from Airoli)
what is train status at ambernath station?  (sent from Ambernath)
are train from dadar to cst working? (sent from Goregaon)
what is the status of central railway from vidyavihar to cst (sent from Vidyavihar)
western line is on??? (sent from Bhandup Stn.)
vidyavihar train stats? (sent from Airoli Stn.)
any idea about badlapur Kalyan line?
K.J.Somaiya ha? Pani bhara hai kya clg me?  (sent from Kalyan)
diva me crowd h?  (sent from Dativali)
from Sion to CST trains are moving ? (sent from Govandi)
status at kurla stn?
trains towards Sion from Dadar? (sent from Dahisar Stn.)
central line chalu he kya? (sent from Chinchpokli Stn.)
What is the status of KURLA GHATKOPAR SLOW TRAIN ? (sent from Kurla)
is it on time?
what's is train status (sent from Thakurli)
dombiwali to Thane Kya Condition???
train status dadar to charchgate ? (sent from Shahad)
Trains are working towards thane ?  (sent from Lower Parel)
???? (sent from Thakurli)
what is status at kalwa station
are trains crowded ? (sent from Matunga Road Stn.)
trains working from Ulhas to CST? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
thane to karjat trains running ok?
Is central and harbour line running properly? (sent from Charni Road)
dombivali jaaney ka dhimi local kabi aayega??
what is status frm kalwa to cst??
बदलापूर ते ठाणे ट्रेन सद्यस्थिती काय आहे..?? (sent from Sanpada Stn.)
what is status of amber Nath to than. train 
kalyan to mulund train chalu ahe Kay?  (sent from Kalyan)
high tide alert ka time kya hai?
what is status from Ambernath to mumbai (sent from Ambernath)
what about kalyan to CST
any update from Dadar to Vikhroli? (sent from Kings Circle)
दादर ते अंधेरी चालू आहे का ट्रेन ???? (sent from Kurla Stn.)
mulund station??? (sent from Nahur)
what's the condition of trains today? (sent from Thakurli Stn.)
which fast train towards CSTM are expecting on platform 6 Thane ? (sent from Thane)
 are trains on time ???
is someone can give correct information about CS train bez all have only ?? but on answers (sent from Dombivli)
what the central railway status
how is badlapur to CST trains on ti.e anytime
Kal to cst trains are working or not?  (sent from Kalyan)
7.30 cst to khopoli? update please  (sent from Thane Stn.)
what about diva to dadar (sent from Diva Jn)
what about sion station  (sent from Mahim Jn)
what is status of KHOPOLI local (sent from Thane Stn.)
is there any waterlogging outside kurla station? (sent from Thane Stn.)
dombivali to CST train time pe hai kya? (sent from Diva Jn)
train for cst running ?
train running status?  (sent from Nalla Sopara)
are trains from cstm leaving on time?  (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)
what about kalyan train 8.17 at dombivali (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
dadar - thane trains status? (sent from Mumbai Central Stn.)
is there any waterlogging in ulhasnagar? (sent from Ambernath Stn.)
is that anywhere water logging????? (sent from Kopar Stn.)
Is der any water logged in thane stn ?? (sent from Kalva)
Ghatkopar to Thane status ? (sent from Andheri)
status abt thane - kurla??
  what's the status of dombivali (sent from Dombivli)
train status ?
is it Raining Heavy In Ulhasnagar?  (sent from Titwala Stn.)
Please update if anyone at kalyan stn ..... what is current status of trains (sent from Kalyan)
what is status of sion matunga (sent from Thane)
how are the trains running from Thane to Ghatkopar
train from thane to catch running properly?
Thane to CST trains are on time?? (sent from Mulund)
why is status of vidyavihar station  (sent from Tilak Nagar)
are ghatkopar to thane trains working? (sent from Andheri)
kay mag chaha jhala ka? (sent from Nahur)
upto Kurla trains available ? (sent from Khandeshwar)
kurla to ghatkopar working? (sent from Nerul Stn.)
train running status?  (sent from Nalla Sopara)
what is the status of ambernath to thane (sent from Ambernath)
train status?
what about KHOPOLI local (sent from Thane Stn.)
? (sent from Andheri Stn.)
what is fast train status .from Dombivli to Cst fast trains  (sent from Kopar)
update on Ghatkopar towards CST? (sent from Vidyavihar)
khopoli train ka kya status? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
what is the status of central line trains (sent from Cotton Green Stn.)
Dombivli la rush ahai ka? (sent from Kopar)
what is the status of Kurla to thane train.... trains r running or not
trains are on time ? (sent from Kurla Stn.)
CSMT to Thane?
hi! can anyone update the current status of trkopar to CSTain from Ghat (sent from Ghatkopar)
Are trains working between Kalyan and Mulund? (sent from Shahad)
what situation at kurla working or not (sent from Juinagar)
Are trains for Sion on schedule? (sent from Charni Road)
Can anyone tell what's the status of train from parel to thane and dombivili (sent from Elphinstone Road)
Karla to cstm? (sent from Gtb Nagar Stn.)
dadar to CST chalu hai Kay?? (sent from Kandivali Stn.)
kalyan to THANE trains status????
what is status of trains in thane
what is the status of Kalyan CST train (sent from Vithalwadi Stn.)
badlapur to karjat trains chalu ahet ka? (sent from Badlapur)
kalyan to CST train chalu he kya? (sent from Nerul Stn.)
Is there rain in Thane (sent from Sandhurst Road)
what is the status of trains today from dadar to vikhroli (sent from Vadala Road Stn.)
what is the cst- khopoli train status....? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
really .. when
Yes what is status of 9:02 let me know once u vl get info (sent from Shahad)
trains working from kalyan to cst? (sent from Dombivli)
train is running on Time or not
cst to thane... is train running? (sent from Masjid Stn.)
down side local train status ..?? (sent from Ambernath)
good  morning sir  please  tell me platform form for 12188 garib rath for today. Also tell.me how much it is away from harbour line (sent from Koparkhairne)
train status in Sion station?  (sent from Gtb Nagar)
what about Thane to cst train service ?
is the central line is ok (sent from Vithalwadi)
are trains working from Thane to cstm?
train? (sent from Mumbra Stn.)
kalyan to cst train status??
amb to thane chalu hai kya??  (sent from Ambernath)
train time pe aari hai kya bro mumbra aur what about rush (sent from Mumbra)
Titwala SE CST chalu hai? (sent from Titwala)
cst to pune express trains chalu hai kya? (sent from Kalva Stn.)
what the status from mumbra
trains from bhand up? (sent from Nahur)
any idea? (sent from Nahur)
train on time ?
what about trains from karjat (sent from Neral Stn.)
Ambernath se Thane train chal rahi he Kya? (sent from Ambernath)
from Sion to ghatkopar? (sent from Gtb Nagar Stn.)
is trains are crowded from badlapur to cst...?? please reply
Central line working ahe ka ? (sent from Elphinstone Road)
Train status from Dadar to Thane?
any update? (sent from Chembur)
status of kurla to dombivli?
kurla Vidyavihar kay update ahe ?? (sent from Elphinstone Road)
r trains to thane running on time? (sent from Lower Parel)
status in Ghatkopar West? (sent from Vidyavihar)
is it?? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
what about thane to cst (sent from Airoli)
what's the status of Ghatkopar to CAR? (sent from Chembur)
trains are running or not?
is train delay towards from gharkopar??? (sent from Ghatkopar)
is trains are on time? (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)
what abt Dadar to vidhyavihar train status? (sent from Mira Road)
 Pape nahi ha io kya isje sath ????😁 (sent from Mumbra Stn.)
what is the status of trains from dombivli to kurla (sent from Nilje Stn.)
where (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
trains from thane to karjat status???? (sent from Thane)
central line train working fine or.not? (sent from Shahad)
what status in badlapur (sent from Badlapur)
hi please send the status of Kasara to thane???
condition from Mulund to Kurla? (sent from Mulund)
What abt Sion station ? (sent from Sion Stn.)
i am leaving for pune by pragati express 12125 .....it will start in evening....is der any status for express trains? (sent from Kings Circle)
from thane to KURLA what is the status? (sent from Thane)
ff? dbd 
please send what is the status of sion (sent from Chinchpokli Stn.)
what about towards asangao trains...?? (sent from Thakurli Stn.)
Badlapur to thane?  (sent from Badlapur Stn.)
UNR to CST? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
what about central line train (sent from Ghatkopar)
what is the status of train from mumbra to Ghatkopar (sent from Mumbra Stn.)
what about kalyan to ghatkopar?
ye jitne bhi log ro rahe hai yahan pe.. Mumbai me naye aaye ho kya?
andheri trains are working?
what is train situation from dadar to thane
khoppli train kaha hai?
it's not flooded at Vikhroli right??  (sent from Charni Road Stn.)
m at sion. wht is the status of Central line towards CSMT? RSVP (sent from Sion Stn.)
is train working from Dadar to Thane...? 
khopoli trai. ka kya status hai?
ghatkopar to mulund trains?
any update on CSMT - THANE slow line? thank you  (sent from Chinchpokli Stn.)
any updates from thane to ghatkopar? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
status between Dombivli and vidyavihar ? (sent from Nilje)
what is train situation from dadar to thane
What's the status of train from badlapur and towards badlapur? (sent from Kanjur Marg)
what about the nxt one which is scheduled at 9
what is the status of trains in central line ? (sent from Ghatkopar)
Dombivali cst? 
what is situation at sion...is there water logging on track..
is there any water logged in matunga ?  (sent from Mahalakshmi)
what is the train status from ulhasnagar please tell me (sent from Vithalwadi)
is the t train is in tme 
Train status from csmt to thane?
बदलापुर रेल्वे स्टेशनमधुन रेल्वे वेळेत चालु आहे का ? (sent from Badlapur)
is it too crowded?  (sent from Mumbra Stn.)
what is the status of train from kurla to kanjurmark (sent from Sion Stn.)
what's the status of station ? (sent from Sion Stn.)
which central,  harbour
why? (sent from Thakurli)
what's the train status for Ambernath people?  (sent from Ambernath)
chalu he...? (sent from Chunabhatti)
any update from ghatkoper to cst? (sent from Dativali)
 train is working kalyan to dadar? (sent from Kalyan)
what is the train status from ulhasnagar to cst please tell me (sent from Vithalwadi)
what is the status of central? trains working towards CST or not?
are trains running at soon? (sent from Kurla)
hi, what is the status of Dombivli to thane trains...  (sent from Diva Jn)
status of vasai to virar trains?
any updates for khopoli train?  (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
kurla to kanjumarg running properly ? (sent from Govandi)
Are trains running from Ghatkopar to Parel??  (sent from Ghatkopar)
byculla SE KALYAN local ja rahi hai kya...? (sent from Chinchpokli Stn.)
what about western line? (sent from Kalyan)
kalyan to karjat status ?? (sent from Badlapur Stn.)
on side trains? (dombivali) (sent from Kopar)
kurla dadar train chalu ahe ka? (sent from Seawood Darave Stn.)
hello are trains running okay??  (sent from Dombivli)
guys dont think about going to office....think if u will be able to come back or not?
trains are running on time??? (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
what about Sion to vikroli? (sent from Sion Stn.)
G.M. fr. what status sion batween csmt (sent from Sion)
center line status kya hai??? (sent from Vithalwadi Stn.)
Dadar station status?
Vikhroli to CST train chalu hai kya?
what is the train status for ambernath?
central local chalu he kya? (sent from Kalyan)
from where (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
dadar to Thane ?? (sent from Khar Road)
any water logging between kurla , sion track...?
is trains r running of central line on time ?
kurla dadar train chalu ahe na? (sent from Seawood Darave Stn.)
any news about western side? (sent from Kalyan)
Kalyan to Kurla? one day return, possible? (sent from Kalyan)
Kalyan to kasara what's the status  (sent from Vithalwadi Stn.)
Badlapur CST status kya hai?
what is the train status for today?? (sent from Kurla Stn.)
Bhai mere, ye chat ka wohi purpose hai
water logging at dadar? (sent from Elphinstone Road Stn.)
thane to dadar ?  (sent from Mulund)
Are trains working from Dadar to Thane ? (sent from Parel)
what's about today Dombivali to Bhandup 
what about kurla status
khopoli updates?  (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
Central line chalu ha kya?  (sent from Shahad Stn.)
what about Ghatkopar to CSMT? (sent from Vidyavihar)
what's is the status of c.r (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)
any info about water logging? (sent from Thakurli)
status matunga road??? (sent from Kings Circle Stn.)
kasara kalyan kya position hai? (sent from Asangaon Stn.)
Mulund to Cstm train??? (sent from Mulund)
how ho (sent from Kalva)
Diva to Ghatkopar train chal Rahi hai kya ..? (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)
are thane locals towards cstm working? (sent from Thane Stn.)
Sion- Kanjur Marg trains running??
Kurla status? (sent from Mulund)
train chalu hai Kya cst ke? (sent from Kalyan)
those who have written swimming as a hobby in resume they have to reach office as soon as possible 😂 (sent from Vidyavihar Stn.)
kurla to thane ???? (sent from Gtb Nagar Stn.)
Thane To Dadar??? 
what about ghatkoper to Thane status
khopoli local status????? (sent from Badlapur)
Kalyan -thane?
Currey road to ghatkopar trains are running ? (sent from Lower Parel)
trains are running from Shahad station??  Pls update.  (sent from Shahad)
parel jaana he hamko ...kurla to parel chalu je kya..? anyone reply please....  (sent from Chunabhatti)
hello..what about the status of central train ?
central line train are running on time from Ghatkopar to thane ???
hello..what about the status of central train ?
ghatkopar to cst train status?
diva vasai trains chalu hai kya aaj?
thane local chhod rahe hai kya?? (sent from Nahur)
central line train are running on time from Ghatkopar to thane ???
what is d train status between ghatkopar to dadar (sent from Shahad Stn.)
from kurla to dadar?? (sent from Juinagar Stn.)
whats the status of train on central lone from kalyan to cst??  (sent from Sandhurst Road Stn.)
sion ke yaha track pr pani bhara hai kya?? (sent from Nerul)
diva vasai trains chalu hai kya aaj?
thane to csmt ? 
can anyone at Thane update about Thane to Karjat route?  (sent from Airoli Stn.)
what about 9:01 ambernath from dadar??  (sent from Charni Road Stn.)
Mumbra to CST train are there?
anyone at Kurla station??? (sent from Kurla Stn.)
Status of Dadar Station?????
thanese cst ke liye thane local laga rahe hai ya sab upper ki hi aa rahi hai?? (sent from Nahur)
are trains running ontime from Kurla to Thane?
what is the status of train from Ghatkopar towards Thane (sent from Andheri)
diva to vasai trains chalu hongi kya aaj?
khopoli train kidhr hai ???? pls someone update (sent from Badlapur Stn.)
cst to dombivali trains r working? (sent from Grant Road Stn.)
thane to Ghatkopar???? (sent from Koparkhairne)
barish चालू rahega to रेल्वे staff ko job pe jana jaruri hai kya??? 
what abt Mulund 2 Dadar, status 
status frm mulund to dombivali?
what about kurla to mulund  (sent from Mankhurd Stn.)
what's the status from Shahad? (sent from Vithalwadi)
wat about byculla to kurla train ??? (sent from Chinchpokli Stn.)
mulund to cst status?  (sent from Koparkhairne)
train's are on time? (sent from Vithalwadi)
till now any update on how far the trains are working fine, without water logging
dhahanu to Panvel is train services are available or not
thane to cstm what is the position (sent from Nerul Stn.)
Dadar se asangaon train chaloo hai kaya ? (sent from Dadar Stn.)
what about Badlapur to CST (sent from Badlapur)
MATLAB thane se cst ke liye thane local sab cancel karke time cover kar rahe hai kya??? (sent from Nahur)
thane-Vashi chlu hai ky?  (sent from Badlapur)
Ghatkopar to Thane Train running properly?  (sent from Andheri Stn.)
asangao to cst train statues ? (sent from Kalyan)
cst to thane train status? (sent from Byculla Stn.)
pls check the above chat and avoid repetative question (sent from Mulund Stn.)
kopar to bhiwandi train chalu ha kya  ???? (sent from Kalyan)
kasara ki train chalu h kya?  (sent Kalyan syn) 
kalwa station pe  pani bhara hai kya? (sent from Kopar)
ghatkopar to matunga are the trains working?  (sent from Vidyavihar)
status for Dombivli to Thane?? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
asangao se kalyan chalu hai kya ? (sent from Kalyan)
are trains running on time from Ghatkopar towards Bhandup???
Ambernath to CST ...any updates on how are trains running? (sent from Airoli)
are trains from mulund to csmt working? (sent from Mulund Stn.)
status of badlapur? (sent from Badlapur Stn.)
what is the statues of asangao to kalyan train  (sent from Kalyan)
are trains running ? (sent from Dombivli)
what about sion kurla and bhsndup
thane to cst train working or not? 
tereko kaise pata ?? (sent from Mumbra Stn.)
towards karjat train chalu hai na any update... downside? 
I'm train later why but Chinchpokali to Khar road  (sent from Chinchpokli Stn.)
tereko kaise pata ?? (sent from Mumbra Stn.)
aasangao to kalyan train ka statues kya hai ? (sent from Kalyan)
दादर ठाने सेवा चालू आहे का? (sent from Cotton Green Stn.)
Kalyan to vikhroli train ? (sent from Vithalwadi)
All trains are running only 10 to 20 minutes delay, no water logging at any station, take your bag and move to office, Most of peoples who don't want to go office are asking questions, while others are reaching office.  (sent from Shahad Stn.)
hi train working from kurla to thane? 
any waterlogging between Badlapur to Ghatkopar? (sent from Badlapur)
hey guys what about central line  (sent from Thane)
Sion to kurla train ??? (sent from Sion)
pani bhara hai kya varap gao me? (sent from Grant Road)
asangao to kalyan station ka statues kya hai? (sent from Kalyan)
Diva to Borivali status?
what about (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
train kiti slow aahet? (sent from Kalva)
what about asangaon train 9.10 from kalyan (sent from Kalyan)
sir cst se Titwala ka train chalu hai kya? (sent from Byculla Stn.)
is kalyan to ghatkopar railway on time? (sent from Kalyan)
are trains from shahad running??  (sent from Vithalwadi)
is there any waterlogging bin Ghatkopar (sent from Andheri Stn.)
titwala dadar slow train status?? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
what is the status of trains from kalwa? (sent from Kalva Stn.)
kopar to bhiwandi train 10:13 am train ha aaj  ??? (sent from Kalyan)
Thane station ke bahar Poha upma aur meri vada wale ka kya status hai??? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
any water logging at Sion station? (sent from Thane)
sion stations update ? (sent from Sion Stn.)
trains are running from dadr to karjat...?  (sent from Bhayander)
THANE to CST? (sent from Mulund)
Dadar cst working?  (sent from Mahim Jn Stn.)
dombavli to Borivali status??
train status Byculla to thane??  (sent from Masjid Stn.)
what about status from kàlyan CST slow local
Kurla se Dadar ke beech Paani bhara hai.... Trains chal Rahi hai but bohot slow hai.... Anyone up for pubg?? (sent from Gtb Nagar Stn.)
Trains working?  (sent from Elphinstone Road Stn.)
is any water logging between ghatkopar and thane ?
is Central line is running from kurla to dadar? (sent from Govandi)
situation in Andheri ???
khopoli train update??? (sent from Badlapur)
kalwa station ??? (sent from Kopar Stn.)
kasara train kaha pochi?  (sent from Kalyan) 
dombivali to cst status? (sent from Khar Road Stn.)
kalyan to cat trains are running or not?
are trains on time ? (sent from Ghatkopar)
kasara trains time pe h kya?
dombivli????
kalwa trains time pe hai kyaa? (sent from Kalva Stn.)
train chalu hai k nahi? (sent from Mira Road)
central line ka status kya hai? (sent from Kurla)
status of trains towards Kalyan?
whats about central line??
wat abt  ghatkoper to thane? (sent from Mulund Stn.)
dombavli to thane status??
Mumbra me bhid hai kya ??? (sent from Mumbra Stn.)
harbal line kurla to vashi kitni late he koi bataega ? (sent from Badlapur)
thane to dadar train chalu hai Kya? (sent from Ghansoli)
are the trains on time? 
what is the train status from Ambernath 
central line chalu ahe ?????
you are at which station ? (sent from Titwala Stn.)
what about Thane to CST ? (sent from Bhandup)
pura saal bunk karke aaj hi Jaana hai? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
what about Badlapur to cst trains (sent from Badlapur)
is there a water logging at sion or matunga station? (sent from Thane Stn.)
train status? (sent from Govandi)
tran chal Rahi hai kya?
what about sion to kurla (sent from Sion)
konsa college? (sent from Vithalwadi Stn.)
cstm to titwala train chalu ahet ka?????
central line matunga to ghatkopar? (sent from Matunga Stn.)
mumbra to kurla trains ja rahii hai ki nhiii????
what about trains in central line (sent from Chinchpokli Stn.)
thane to Ghatkopar status??
badlapur se chalu hai CST? (sent from Badlapur Stn.)
train are on time.,?  are train running..?
dadar to cst train running????? (sent from Jogeshwari)
are central railway trains running on time?? (sent from Kalyan)
central line chalu he kya thane se csmt? (sent from Ghansoli Stn.)
what's the status for Andheri to CSMT ? (sent from Andheri)
 Kalyan to Thane trains chalu hai kya? (sent from Shahad)
cstm to titwala train r running or not
dadar to kalyan ?
what about Dombivali to Thane... local running? (sent from Dombivli)
what about dombivali to cst
is car travelling safe to go to pochinki from gatka ?? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
sir Virar to Dadar trim chalu Han kya ? (sent from Virar)
ulhasnagar se dadar trains right time pe hai ya deri se chal rahi hai?
is train is running towards karjat?
train???? chalu hai kya gys? (sent from Badlapur Stn.)
what about kopar to bhiwandi 10.19 train? (sent from Dombivli)
where is the udyan express (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
csmt to thane ?? (sent from Sandhurst Road Stn.)
what is the status of dombivali (sent from Nilje)
What's the status of 9.06 ambernath from thane? (sent from Thane Stn.)
bro ...what status of trains at dombivli (sent from Dombivli)
what is the status of badlapur (sent from Badlapur)
many trains which starts from thane are getting cancelled (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
status ? (sent from Dombivli)
dadar to sion train chalri hai kya doston ?
slow train ?slow by kitna minute (sent from Mulund)
train running late or regular?
what about towards kasara (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
time ?
are trains fine today ?
are trains from dadar to kurla running?? (sent from Kandivali)
kopar to Bhiwandi Train?? (sent from Dombivli)
krula to cst train status? (sent from Koparkhairne)
Dombivali se Dadar track pe Paani bharaa h Kya ?
trains to CST ? (sent from Kings Circle)
what about shahad to cst (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
Thane se Kurla train chalu hai Kya..??
what's the status for train running from belapur to kurla?
What about train from dadar to dombivali (sent from Borivali Stn.)
shahad to cst trains h kya?? (sent from Ambernath)
trains chal rahe hai? (sent from Khar Road Stn.)
Kurla to thane..any update? (sent from Kurla)
train ? (sent from Badlapur Stn.)
any idea about Kalyan to karjat?  (sent from Shahad)
badlapur trains running ??? (sent from Ghatkopar)
hie.. wht sts from dombivili to dadar trains? 
What about train from dadar to dombivali (sent from Borivali Stn.)
kasara to csmt train chalu hai kya?
 ambernath to csmt ??? 
titwala to cstm train status please?
what's the status of trains towards cst? (sent from Byculla)
is Sion Matunga area doing good ? (sent from Mulund Stn.)
whats is status of kalyan to thane train? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
Sion matunga status please ? (sent from Matunga Stn.)
hi from ghatkopar to CST any update?
Dombivali to thane chalu h kya??
why? (sent from Mulund)
what about trains at kurla  (sent from Seawood Darave Stn.)
Bhandup to Dadar? (sent from Churchgate)
 Those who wish to travel can take safe risk, trains are running, just delayed. crowd is less comparatively  (sent from Bhandup)
are kalyan to thane trains running? (sent from Andheri)
what is status of trains from kurla to curry road (sent from Nerul Stn.)
thane to CST trains are running kya? 
hi... is train running on time from Karjat towards CSMT?? (sent from Badlapur)
thane to kalyan trains are working?
what is the status of Kurla to CST  (sent from Tilak Nagar)
is there any water clogging in Thane station??? (sent from Vikhroli)
what is d status  of dombivli to thane trains? (sent from Dombivli)
what about asangone to cst any one riply (sent from Khadavli)
status of kasara trains from kalyan?
Is train from Ulhasnagar to karjat running?  (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
bhandup to thane?  (sent from Bhandup)
dadar to thane are trains running fine? (sent from Dahisar)
what's the status of train from Ambarnath 
is d vasain dhanu line working?
what is train status ? ambarnath to CST   (sent from Ambernath)
Dadar  ka ?
borsai to Dadar? (sent from Boisar Stn.)
curry road to kanjurmarg is working? (sent from Currey Road Stn.)
guys any update for kasara trains? (sent from Thane Stn.)
parel to kanjurmarg working? (sent from Lower Parel)
any water logging at kurla station?
what about ghatkopr to CST status pls update (sent from Ghatkopar)
what is the situation in Powai any idea (sent from Thakurli Stn.)
raheyga to khane jayega? (sent from Shahad)
what is train status , towards cst from Ambarnath (sent from Ambernath)
what is status of trains working? (sent from Chembur)
Thane to Dombiwali? (sent from Vashi)
thane to kasara? (sent from Thane Stn.)
are the trains working between Kalyan and Kasara? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
is central line working? (sent from Chinchpokli Stn.)
Status of trains downside from cst?  (sent from Vadala Road)
cst ke liye train chalu hai? (sent from Mumbra)
dear food lovers all trains ok niklo bas gharse, those who going on working pls help them by giving status (sent from Shahad)
is train delayed? (sent from Masjid Stn.)
what about harbour towards wadala?
train status forthane to Ghatkopar ???? (sent from Vithalwadi Stn.)
karjat any train going? (sent from Thakurli)
status for Parel -Thane route?  (sent from Elphinstone Road Stn.)
what about dadar to thane trains
konsa ? timing pls (sent from Shahad)
trains running or not from badlapur to cstm? (sent from Badlapur)
I know asking questions is stupid.. but please can someone last time can confirm are trains working from thane to cst?  (sent from Thane Stn.)
is there any water-logging at dadar station?
what is status of train (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)
waiting for half an hour ...any how it is halfday going to be (sent from Mulund Stn.)
water logging at Kurla or Sion ??
are the trains running on time ? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
central line ktna tym late chalri h ? (sent from Sandhurst Road)
9:25 fast train from dombivli left???
what is the status from kurla to dadar (sent from Kalyan)
what about diva to vasai road (sent from Bhayander)
Thane to Vashi? (sent from Dadar)
Is it safe to travel to cst ? 
Train from kurla to dadar running? (sent from Mankhurd)
panvel vasai gadi chalu ahe ka..? (sent from Ambivli Stn.)
what about Kalyan?? (sent from Kurla)
any. train coming towards vithalwadi station?? Ambernath and badlapur citizens plsz update?? (sent from Vithalwadi Stn.)
Is there some flood in some area
what's the status for trains till kurla?!
is there any water logging at Mulund ? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
safe to travel to matunga?? 
guys what is status of train from badlapur to csmt  (sent from Badlapur)
is it good to travel to th and from byculla? (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)
what is the status of trains? trains are on time or late?
kalyan to bhandup...??? (sent from Kalyan)
what about Thane locals towards CST?
any updates on Metro from Ghatkopar? (sent from Matunga Road Stn.)
what is the status of karjat train?   (sent from Kalyan)
Anyone outside Dadar station... pls check vo idli wala aya ha kya?? (sent from Parel Stn.)
what about Mulund guys  (sent from Mulund Stn.)
CST se Kalyan train chalu hain kya? (sent from Kurla)
can anybody post any updates at Thane station?
dadar to ghatkopar crowded? (sent from Matunga Stn.)
kalyan to cst? (sent from Kalyan)
train between dadar to Thane working on time....???  (sent from Borivali Stn.)
Kalyan to Ghatkopar?  (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
karjat train?  (sent from Kalyan)
how r trains running from vashi running any water logging at kural or sion (sent from Gtb Nagar)
kurla ??
ghatkoper to badlapur??
kalwa statiom rush??? (sent from Kalva)
Mulund to sion train are working??  (sent from Nahur)
is it true??
why there is no trains from Kurla (sent from Kalva Stn.)
what is the status of kurla to vashi? (sent from Sion)
are trains from Kurla to ulhasnagar working ?  (sent from Tilak Nagar)
what is karjat train status? (sent from Ambernath)
tains are wrking frm kurla to Ulanshnagar ? (sent from Tilak Nagar Stn.)
Are trains running from cst to thane? (sent from Churchgate Stn.)
train are running from Dombivali to thane or not
any update from Titwala??  (sent from Titwala)
Hey this was just announced on govandi station "due to faults in track trains between Matunga Dadar and Kalyan have been closed" is this right ? (sent from Govandi Stn.)
are trains on time today from cst to kalyan ?
what is the status dadar to thane slow (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)
any one at badlapur rly stn?? (sent from Badlapur)
What is the position of trins (sent from Mulund Stn.)
any one for PUBG..?? 
Mulund to Dadar trains ok ? (sent from Nahur)
Dadar to Thane...What is the status 
what about cst to kurla train status pl reply (sent from Sewri)
central train late by ??
can any1 please tell are trains running from kurla to cst??  (sent from Kurla Stn.)
 whats the status in bhandup  towards cst? (sent from Bhandup Stn.)
kalyn to cst working properly??
from kalayn to kanjurnarg trains are working?
kopar to CST ka update? (sent from Bhiwandi Road)
taims chal rahi hai kya.? (sent from Vithalwadi Stn.)
train stuck up between matunga and sion for last 20-25 minutes. what happened ? (sent from Kings Circle Stn.)
from kalyan to dadar train is on time?? (sent from Shahad Stn.)
ghatkopar to thane train...?? status (sent from Ghatkopar)
what is the situation between bad kapur to kalyan
Thane to Dadar ? please tell the status (sent from Nahur)
what is the status abt cst to ghatkopar? (sent from Mahalakshmi Stn.)
taims chal rahi hai kya.? (sent from Vithalwadi Stn.)
r trains on time?
thane to kalyan train is running or not
I want to go Airoli so pls advise which are the best route can I go for dadar Thane Airoli or andheri Ghatkopar Thane and Airoli????  (sent from Goregaon Stn.)
situtiin at sion and matumga? (sent from Mulund Stn.)
kitne minutes se late hai trains?
status on down side trains??  (sent from Thakurli)
Thane to ghatkoper working?
hey trains are running from Thane to Ghatkopar?  (sent from Koparkhairne Stn.)
there was an announcement which stated that there is problem at dadar matunga and up trains towards kalyan thane trains are late by 25min (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
dadar to Kalyan????
what is the status of trains at Ghatkopar??
traveling not advised bt field pr kaam krne valo ki kon sunega??  (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
where is  now 9:28 semi fast  (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
ulhasnagar to thane ?
is iddli guy there at CST? (sent from Kings Circle Stn.)
kalyan wale ko dadar air matunga ka update kisne diya? news wale update mat do bhai (sent from Kalva)
karjat to thane?  (sent from Aman Lodge Stn.)
Badlapur to thane status? (sent from Badlapur)
is there any problem in fast track,  train got stuck between sion and matunga from last 25 min (sent from Khar Road)
are trains running from Kings Circle to CST ? (sent from Kings Circle Stn.)
guys badlapur se train chalu hai kya anyone from badlapur?? (sent from Badlapur)
guys don't post queuing questions. please those who are in trains and stations only to post. don't flood the sitr (sent from Vikhroli)
r traing running from thane to kanjurmarg?  (sent from Ghansoli Stn.)
mulund to kanjur train status?? (sent from Mulund Stn.)
train status? (sent from Dombivli)
what about Kalyan station???? (sent from Kurla)
tu stion p AA gyi Kya?? (sent from Boisar Stn.)
r traing running from thane to kanjurmarg?  (sent from Ghansoli Stn.)
train status? (sent from Dombivli)
what is a status of fast trains at Dombivali? (sent from Thakurli)
us train late? 
kurla to vashi status? (sent from Sion)
train chalu hai??
why to worry. You can come there with a boat to help all of us. stop spreading wrong news (sent from Nahur)
thane to cst working ?? (sent from Airoli)
train chalu hai?
train status from vashi? (sent from Vashi)
Mulund to sion train are working?  (sent from Nahur)
central line still running?
ambernath to cst chalu hai??
सेंट्रल लाईन चालू आहे का??? (sent from Reay Road)
how is kalwa (sent from Kalva)
kalva mai kal jaisa hi paani bhara hy kya ???  (sent from Kalva)
Train's are on time??
are train from thane going to cst are working? (sent from Thane)
kalva to CST ? train status (sent from Kalva)
cst train are running late ??  (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
what about csmt to kalayan?? (sent from Vidyavihar Stn.)
any delay on central line?
condition of dadar n matunga stn ??? (sent from Kalva Stn.)
are trains late? 
trains from badlapur are running or not?
Dombivli to dadar train are runing?  (sent from Dombivli)
What is train status ?
Where is 9:35 (From Kalyan) Kasara local now? (sent from Badlapur Stn.)
Badlapur varun cst sathi train aahe ka?  (sent from Badlapur Stn.)
r he trains on time ??? (sent from Vithalwadi)
can someone please update what is the train status from kalyan to thane? (sent from Kalyan)
anyone at mulund? (sent from Mulund)
what about Ghatkopar to Dadar (sent from Ghatkopar)
kalyan to badlapur trains are on time? (sent from Kalyan)
can anyone tell me status of kurla to vashi???? (sent from Sion)
are trains running from kalyan to cst ? and what about water logging
what about dadar matunga (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
slow trains r working ??? (sent from Vithalwadi)
is it true ? i have just boarded a train from thane. shall i get down ?
trains are working? (sent from Vikhroli)
barish me barish hi hogi ,aapko kya chahiye ? (sent from Kalyan)
what about dadar matunga (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
Is there train from sion to Thane please update  (sent from Kings Circle Stn.)
9:47 kalyan aayi kyaa? (sent from Shahad)
what is a status between ambernath to thane (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
badlapur to dadar?
This is the we people update on situation but where is railway. All are requested to put running status only. Don't ask question as people is giving running status only.  (sent from Kalamboli)
dadar to thane?
karjat train timevar aahet Ka? (sent from Karjat Stn.)
Byculla to Thane Trains ?? (sent from Byculla Stn.)
are trains running till thane from Ulhasnagar??? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
what do you think?😂😂😂 (sent from Dombivli)
yss why not (sent from Vithalwadi)
Trains are running smoothly from Byculla to thane ? (sent from Byculla Stn.)
sion status?  (sent from Airoli Stn.)
dadar to thane?
ghatkopar to badlapur ? (sent from Belapur Cbd)
9.23 CST slow train not yet arrived at ghatkopar station. Announcement at railway stn that water loggin between matunga n dadar station so train problem. (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
is there a problem going on Down slow local (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
which train is preferable. .slow train or fast train (sent from Thane Stn.)
haw to travel ?
what about fast train (sent from Sion Stn.)
what about Kalwa to dadar (sent from Kalva)
thane to csmt service?
thane to cst?
is any announcements done for this .?? (sent from Dombivli)
cst to thane trains??? (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)
what about mumbra to CSMt (sent from Mumbra)
Ulhasnagar to cst ??  (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
trn status from Ambernath to cst??  (sent from Ambernath)
thane to Dadar ?
kalyan status ??? (sent from Rabale)
mulund to dombivali?? (sent from Mulund)
what about kasara to kalyan (sent from Mulund Stn.)
please update your oun status by which we can judge the sitution instead of asking questions (sent from Kalyan)
vitthal wadi to mulund ?? wats the situation ?? (sent from Vithalwadi)
Dombivli te Ghatkopar chalu ahe ka??? (sent from Thakurli)
thane to dadar trains are on time ??? (sent from Bhandup)
what's the status from thane to Ghatkopar.. I live in Vikroli  (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)
Trains are 10 minutes late from Dombivli towards cst.. Normal rush.. Not very crowded.. one Dadar train was canceled when I was at Dombivli.. But so far trains going with normal speed and no issues till now  (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)
Central working today? 
what is current position of train n ulhasnagar railway station 
how situation to diva (sent from Ghansoli)
Badlapur status?
are trains running??
?? (sent from Airoli)
what is a current situation ? (sent from Thakurli)
are you sure. announcement?? 
are trains running from byculla to vidyavihar? (sent from Grant Road)
kurla to thane ?
where are you
bullet train shuru hai kya frandss plss halp....??
from dombivli down trains are running or not? (sent from Dombivli)
what is status  from bdl  (sent from Badlapur)
train from Ulhasnagar are on time  ? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
kurla to Dadar train status? 
train status?
thane to ambarnath chalu hai kya????  (sent from Airoli Stn.)
Bhandup to Ghatkopar train status ?? (sent from Bhandup Stn.)
Office kon kon challay? (sent from Vadala Road)
ulhasngar till dombivli chalu hai kya ???🎂 (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
what's the update on thane CST trains?? (sent from Bhandup)
train from Ulhasnagar are on time  ? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
bhandup to thane? (sent from Bhandup Stn.)
Dombivali local is der? (sent from Dombivli)
asangaon train chalu aahe ka?? (sent from Vithalwadi)
guys what's train status from karjat (sent from Bandra)
what is status shahad (sent from Shahad)
Kalyan to thane status?
what is the status of kurla cst train (sent from Mankhurd Stn.)
took a fast train from Mulund of 8:53, which came to station at 9:07. went smoothly till Kurla, stuck before Sion since past 20 minutes.
khopoli? (sent from Mulund)
thane to KURLA status? (sent from Thane)
People who are going towards Dadar should avoid travelling....trains are late by more than an hr.
Mulund to Ghatkopar chalu hai? (sent from Mulund)
training running from sion to CSTM?  (sent from Kings Circle Stn.)
is trains are working?
hey is everything thing okay in Thane or is there any water logging? 
Sandhurst to dadar??? working on time??? (sent from Dockyard Road Stn.)
what's the scene from thane to dadar? (sent from Thane)
kurla to matunga chalu he kya? (sent from Chunabhatti)
is train running on time ? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
9.39 left?? (sent from Badlapur)
Kurla to cst status?? (sent from Govandi)
Bhandup to cst chalu hai ki slow hai bhai log Zara Bata do? (sent from Bhandup Stn.)
any updates about central railway?
thane to karjat trn status?  (sent from Vikhroli)
dadr to Kalyan raning trains???
but are the trains functioning beyond this point ? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
where is asangaon thane train? (sent from Thakurli Stn.)
guys, thane to dadar?  (sent from Thane)
pls update your oun status by which we can judge the situation instead of asking questions (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
What about Dadar - Bhandup? (sent from Vadala Road)
dombivali to thane??? (sent from Dombivli)
dadr to thane any problem?? (sent from Santa Cruz Stn.)
thane to dadar working??
are trains running from dombivli to dadar?
Any problem in between vidyavihar to Kanjurmarg?  (sent from Tilak Nagar Stn.)
Sandhurst to dadar????? (sent from Dockyard Road Stn.)
Sandhurst to dadar???? (sent from Dockyard Road Stn.)
what is the status there (sent from Matunga Stn.)
? (sent from Kalva)
Will you be funding it ? (sent from Sanpada Stn.)
how is the crowd in trains ?
aaj Mira road se thane station Tak bus route ka Kya status hai??????
Any update..? (sent from Dombivli)
what is status of train from Dombivli to cst at 9.05 (sent from Airoli)
what is the status byculla to thane
central line working, Thane - Dadar?  (sent from Airoli)
Thane to panvel status? (sent from Rabale)
what about sion matunga  (sent from Dombivli)
ghatkopar to thane?? 
any fast train expected @dombivli??  (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
kanjur marg to  thane status? (sent from Kanjur Marg)
thane to cst? 
are trains working beyond sion? (sent from Mulund Stn.)
central line is working properly or not??? (sent from Vile Parle)
is train moving or not
what about kalyan - thane? (sent from Kalyan)
i heard from a fellow passenger that water logging is there in fast line (sent from Mulund)
what's up with karjat to cst trains? (sent from Karjat Stn.)
kurla dadar working hai? (sent from Nerul Stn.)
andheri to borivali???? (sent from Mulund)
what is situation in Kalwa Station.. (sent from Kalva)
kabse chalu hua rail patri pe bus?? 
is train running from dadar towrds thane?  (sent from Dadar)
is train running from dadar towrds thane?  (sent from Dadar)
any type of water bogging on Mulund to Ghatkopar???? (sent from Mulund)
what about trans harbour  (sent from Kalyan)
what's the train update (sent from Saphale)
what is the current status of central Railway train
is anyone is Badlapur train beyond Thane? where is the train right now? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
what is status of train at Kurla, Sion and Matunga
y are u running in the train?  (sent from Chembur Stn.)
mulund may Kya sceen hai ? any update?
Is anyone at Bhandup station? Want updates for Bhandup to Ghatkopar trains..
is anyone is Badlapur train beyond Thane? where is the train right now? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
where us Thane train ?
mumbra to thane? 
any train from thane to cst? 
than-vashi kya situation kya h? (sent from Kalyan)
status?? (sent from Gtb Nagar)
status of train? (sent from Kopar)
 Train between kanjurmarg to CST running on time???  (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)
any update about sion and kurla station?? (sent from Mulund Stn.)
Sandhurst to dadarrr??????? (sent from Dockyard Road Stn.)
is anyone at ghatkoper station?  (sent from Vidyavihar)
are train running from thane to word kalyan..??? (sent from Nilje)
Dombivali 9:48 Dadar slow cancel Kiya h kya"? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
what about thane to mumbra (sent from Mumbra)
what is the situation of Ghatkopar (sent from Thakurli Stn.)
ghatkopar se thane train chalu hai kya?
mulund!!!!! ? 
what is the status of kasar karjat cst trains status  (sent from Thakurli Stn.)
just keep asking questions ...pls update oun status which will help to know the situation (sent from Mumbra Stn.)
can anyone confirm whether the overhead wire has been broke at matunga...is it true??? (sent from Nahur Stn.)
what is the status  from usn (sent from Koparkhairne)
what is the situation in shahad
trains between thane kalyan working fine? 
kurla च्या पुढे सेंट्रल लाइन वर गाड्या चालू आहेत का? प्लीज अपडेट... 
badlapur se kurla Janekeliye Train Time PeHai ?
Are trains on time today? (sent from Dombivli)
what is the condition in kalwa station (sent from Kalva Stn.)
9:47 left from Kalyan?  (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
technical issue between Sion n Matunga?? (sent from Kurla)
 hi where did you reach? (sent from Mulund)
its really commendable how they motorman running the. train     (sent from Mumbra Stn.)
is there any delay in train (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)
hello what is the situation in shahad
what is the status of train. Is there any water logging. (sent from Dombivli)
trains between kalyan to neral running on time ? plz update  (sent from Kalyan)
are trains running from ulhasnagar to Dadar?? (sent from Shahad)
what is the status at dombivali station (sent from Kopar)
ayyy babu i leached nowhere. where deed yu rich shona
pls watch the ans frm the frnds who reply  (sent from Mahim Jn Stn.)
trains running? (sent from dombivli station) (sent from Dombivli)
water logged from Kurla to parel ,train are running but very slow ,kindly avoid travelling do only when necessary.
what is the status of kasar karjat cst trains  (sent from Thakurli Stn.)
any trains moving towards cst? (sent from Kopar)
what is the situation in matunga (sent from Chunabhatti)
what is the train status from dombivali to cst can anyone pls tell
any update on train status from Thane?  (sent from Thane Stn.)
ambernath to cst yes or no???? (sent from Ambernath Stn.)
Kurla Sion what's status 
kalyan to cst train are running or not?  (sent from Vidyavihar)
is trains running?  (sent from Vikhroli)
kalwa station par kya halat he?  (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
Dombivali to Thane train status today? (sent from Dombivli)
Thane to Dadar?? (sent from Thane)
? (sent from Sion Stn.)
hello guys what's the situation at Kurla & chunabhatti (sent from Chunabhatti)
hello what is the status of trains from shahad
trains time par hey???
Maine puchh liya to problem h tereko??
dombivli thane what is status?? (sent from Dombivli)
ambernath se chalu hain kya??? (sent from Ambernath Stn.)
Dombivali to Thane ?? (sent from Dombivli)
are trains running from thane towords ghatkoper? (sent from Ghansoli Stn.)
bhandup to badlapur what's the status (sent from Bhandup)
sion me train aa rahi hai kya? (sent from Sion Stn.)
is kurla - dadar train running ?
dombivli to CST running? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
what the between dombivli and badlapur (sent from Dombivli)
is it safe to Go to office today?  (sent from Sandhurst Road)
anyone traveling from Badlapur....can use please update train situation? (sent from Badlapur)
train chalu ahet ka? (sent from Thane)
status between thane &kurla? (sent from Kalva)
CST TO KALYAN ?? whats the status ?? Should i catch train or stay at home ???????? (sent from Sandhurst Road)
is there trains running between kalyan to dadar... (sent from Dombivli)
please say true information are trains running late or complete closes?????
down side local ahet ka?? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
what is the status at dombivali to dadar (sent from Currey Road)
kalyan to badlapur trains status ? (sent from Kalyan)
Why has the train stopped between Kurla and Sion. 
what is the train status... please update (sent from Kopar)
what is the status of badlapur to ghatkoper trains please tell me
where is train (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)
Dombivli to kurla railway status... anyone plz? (sent from Kopar)
what is the status of Sion station??? (sent from Mumbai Central)
Dadar cross kar rahi hai kya trains going for CST ? (sent from Kurla Stn.)
are trains running from Badlapur? (sent from Badlapur)
is there delay of train from diva to Thane  (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)
9.49 vikhroli fast from Thakurli nikli kya?  (sent from Thakurli Stn.)
what status from Ulhasnagar to Ghatkopar??
Thane to Kalyan status? 
is kurla water logged ?
are there any trains towards down side? Trains are working??  (sent from Vashi)
is tarin running from Kalyan to cst ?? (sent from Kalyan)
badlapur to thane train status.? 
what is the status of Dombivali to Thane local 
Kalwa to Ghatkopar? (sent from Kalva)
are trains on time? thane to cst? (sent from Kalva)
status at Sion?
what about the train position for ulhasnagar (sent from Charni Road)
tracks pe pani bhara hai kya? (sent from Kalva)
Thane to cst trains??? 
Anyone in Badlapur train? (sent from Vithalwadi Stn.)
thane to Kalyan train update? (sent from Diva Jn)
is there heavy water logging at sion station?
is there train for cat from kalayan (sent from Kalyan)
what is the position between Sion and Matunga (sent from Elphinstone Road)
Byculla to Thane Chalu ahet ka ? (sent from Byculla Stn.)
Kalyan to thane train status??? (sent from Kalyan)
what is the status of thane to Ghatkopar trains (sent from Thane)
what's the condition in thane station??
train chalu ahet ka?
hat's off to Central Railway ! last 4 days of rain with heavy downpour , they have not come to halt !! and also to the people who update train time and position ! (sent from Dombivli)
central line bara bar chal rahe he kay..? (sent from Dadar)
 Train status from dombivli  till ghatkopar anyone?? please  
what is the status of dombivli to thane local?
i have to go to hospital someone serious please say train status to dombivli to ghatkopar ????? 
aaj bhi kalwa station pe paani bharaa hai kya?? 
Ghatkopar to badlapur position?  (sent from Charni Road)
it's clear between Dadar and CSMT, give me updates for Thane?
mulund se train ka status?
are trains going to dadar? (sent from Thane Stn.)
seriously beyond kurla train has stopped working??? (sent from Dockyard Road Stn.)
what abt CSMT to thane (sent from Gtb Nagar)
what is status between badlapur to dombivali? (sent from Badlapur)
thane to DOMBIVLI??? (sent from Kopar)
what train problem at ghatkopar ? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
are central line local trains running smoothly? (sent from Shahad)
what is status of train in central line
guys what is the train status from kalyan (sent from Ambivli Stn.)
Guys, is are the rails waterlogged at Sion station?
diva to thane train status? (sent from Dativali Stn.)
bhai toward kurla**???
what's the update from Mulund to kalyan (sent from Kanjur Marg)
band hui hai kya train?  (sent from Byculla Stn.)
didn't mean what you said?  (sent from Charni Road)
what is status of center line (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
what abt trains from Thane to airol8 (sent from Shahad)
Guys, trains proper chal rhi hai kya? (sent from Kalyan)
wht sts from dombivili to dadar? 
what's the status from dadar to thane??  (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)
wht about mumbra to CST ....train. are delayed yes or not
what is status between kalyan to badlapur?  (sent from Mumbra Stn.)
what is status dombivli to kalyan?
'just'? that's too much for a Working official running late to office!  (sent from Matunga Road Stn.)
status of karjat train. ?? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
Anyone in Badlapur train after Thane? where is it? (sent from Ambernath Stn.)
kitna late hai bhai train?
Central train are clear? 
you are asking or informing?? 
whats the status of 9.29 kalyan to cst local ?? reached thane ?? (sent from Borivali Stn.)
can tell me 9:35 from thane to badlapur train  status? (sent from Thane Stn.)
what is the problem between sion to CST just now (sent from Kalyan)
status on ghatkopar to cst?  (sent from Ghatkopar)
what is status for going to badlapur (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
dombivli madhe train ahe ka?? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
hi what is the train status between kurla and Ghatkopar  (sent from Kurla)
are trains running from csmt to thane kalyan??
kabhi chalu hoga? (sent from Ambernath Stn.)
train running very very slow between kurla n sion what's the problem (sent from Chunabhatti)
dadar to ghatkopar slow train kitni deri se chal rahi he?
What is update from ambernath? (sent from Ambernath)
thane to Csmt... train chalu he kya? 
kalyan sct chalu h kya???? (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)
what about train status between kurla to cst (sent from Vidyavihar Stn.)
what is the status of dadar station  (sent from Thane Stn.)
in fast train, what is the status near kurla
dadar to Kalyan status ? please!
सायन ला भरपूर पाणी भरलं आहे का? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
what about vidhyavihar station 
Vidhyadhar to Mulund status?  (sent from Chembur)
fast trains from byculla ?? (sent from Chinchpokli Stn.)
what is the status of central line
what abt Thane train??
कल्याण ते CST सुरळीत चालु आहेत का?
how much train is late today (sent from Kanjur Marg)
'hardly'?! (sent from Matunga Road Stn.)
dombivli me jo b hai plz batao cst k liye trains h? (sent from Dombivli)
Ambernath to Cst running fine?
are trains going towards thane ?? (sent from Chinchpokli Stn.)
Mumbra to Kurla any updates? anyone please
what's d d status  from kurla to byculla train (sent from Kurla)
what about trains from vashi (sent from Andheri)
fast locals from Thane to Dadar ?
kalyan to cst train working properly???
kalwa se train chalu h kya??? pls reply  (sent from Kalva)
anyupdates from kalwa...??
What about Harbour line status? (sent from Byculla Stn.)
Kalyan to Thane chalu hai??
are trains on time in dombivli? (sent from Dombivli)
Kalyan to Thane chalu hai??
trains from Byculla to Kanjurmarg running or not?  (sent from Byculla Stn.)
train position kalwa to CSt ? (sent from Kalva)
kalyan to thane .?? trains available..?? (sent from Shahad)
Badlapur to Ghatkopar???? (sent from Badlapur Stn.)
running fine? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
whats ia the status of trains from kurla to kalyan? (sent from Bandra)
is train on time??? (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)
any train problem after Kurla???? (sent from Kurla)
what is status of sion Station  (sent from Sion)
hi guys what's the situation in Matunga? (sent from Nahur Stn.)
what the status of kalva (sent from Kalva)
what abt trains towards thane (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)
what's status of kalwa (sent from Kalva)
what is status of train from kalwa to dadar
what about Kurla to kalyan train status 
train positions kalwa to CST? (sent from Kalva)
any train towards thane?  (sent from Byculla)
what is Matunga to Ghatkopar train status? (sent from Kings Circle Stn.)
train kiti late aahet?? (sent from Dombivli)
is there any water clogging at Thane station? (sent from Vikhroli)
Cst to thane trains running?  (sent from Charni Road Stn.)
central line ki trains kitni late he? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
where is Thane train (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)
mulund kurla?
delayed hone do chalega.. but chal Rahi hai na k stuck ho gayi hai kahin pe? (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
is metro working ??? And is the road near Andheri metro station flooded?? (sent from Vidyavihar)
dombivli to CST .. status ? (sent from Dombivli)
अरे बदलापूर ट्रेन मध्ये कोणी आहे का?  (sent from Ambernath Stn.)
thane to cst? (sent from Thane)
Are trains moving from CST to Thane? (sent from Chinchpokli Stn.)
dombivli to CST .. status ? (sent from Dombivli)
trains kiti late aahet? (sent from Dombivli)
Dadar mein cigarette wala baitha  hai kya? (sent from Chunabhatti)
can you guys chat slowly? I need to screenshot the chat where in the trains are running slowly and send  it to my boss as an excuse of not going to the office today. (sent from Ghatkopar)
trains ? (sent from Mulund)
abhi mai ghar pe soya hua hu...aur waha College me ek Sir Compulsory lecture lera hai Abhi kya karu???😐 (sent from Ambernath)
Train from Mulund ? (sent from Mulund)
is Andheri area flooded?? (sent from Vidyavihar)
any blockge in matunga?? (sent from Ambernath Stn.)
what status of Thane  (sent from Shahad)
fast Or Slow ? (sent from Bhandup)
how about fast 🚆 ghatkopr to thane?
CST train status from vasind? (sent from Vasind)
trains towards Mulund?  (sent from Chembur)
Kalyan to CSTM local chalu ahe ka?  (sent from Sandhurst Road)
are trains working between Sion & Kurla? (sent from Kings Circle Stn.)
train status frm cst to thane?? (sent from Masjid Stn.)
  r trains working from thane?? (sent from Thane Stn.)
bhai thane to ghatkopar train chalu hai kya ? (sent from Bhandup)
what abt shahd to cst
what about fast train too cst (sent from Chunabhatti)
fast trains chalu h kya? (sent from Sandhurst Road Stn.)
is any problem ahead of ghatkopar towards dadar ? (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
yes, I want to know?  (sent from Rabale)
cst to thane fast trains chalu h kya? (sent from Sandhurst Road Stn.)
aaj trn chalu hai kya ? (sent from Grant Road)
are the train's from Kalyan towards CST running smoothly?
Train status from Mulund to Kanjurmarg?  (sent from Mulund)
what abt slow trains  (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
what is status between Charchgate to andheri  (sent from Sandhurst Road)
dombivli madhe trins ahet ka ?? any status (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
trains are running or not
train from thane to cst working ? (sent from Mulund)
trains from kurla to kanjurmarg working?
is kanjurmarg station closed?
ambernnath to cst status pls ???
Are Trains running till Sion?
Thana to Kalyan train chalu hain kya?  (sent from Khandeshwar)
central line chalu hai kay? (sent from Sewri)
what about Kurla to Badlapur  (sent from Nerul Stn.)
what is the status of Thane? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
is there any prblm somewhere un kurla ,sion n dadar or it is ok to move in to cst.. (sent from Mulund Stn.)
what about Mumbra to Ghatkopar is there any problem or its ok? (sent from Mumbra)
any update ?
what's the train status
wht abt central line............ from ambernath to thane..........?????
how are trains movement's I am stuck thane stn (sent from Thane Stn.)
Bro Metro Chalu hai kya???? (sent from Masjid Stn.)
how's it from byculla to vidyavihar? (sent from Byculla Stn.)
?? (sent from Shahad Stn.)
metro chalu hai???? (sent from Masjid Stn.)
train running in time? 
what is the status of rain in ghatkopar (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
is train working? (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
is metro working ????? (sent from Masjid Stn.)
status of Thane to CST?
whAt ia the express train status
karjat ja sakte hain kya .. ambernath se??
bhandup paryant kahi adchani ahet ka?(sent from dombivli)
whats the status of Sion station? (sent from Mulund)
Dadar se cst ....train status any one..?? (sent from Kings Circle Stn.)
Kalyan to CST ??? (sent from Shahad)
CSMT to Sion.? Trains are running?
anybody amswer me any train towards thane????  (sent from Byculla)
can any one update what is the status from kalyan to kanjurmarg
guys is thane to dombivli ok?
is the train running from shahad to cst (sent from Shahad)
trains towards cst are working? (sent from Kanjur Marg)
Those who actually want to office are already in Trains. So better go to your nearest railway station and board the same (sent from Chunabhatti Stn.)
ठाणे डोंबिवली सुरु आहे का?
seriously? (sent from Dadar)
what about Kurla to Ambernath?
what is status frm kurla towards kalyan?
crowd at dombivli???? (sent from Dombivli)
dombivli to Dadar ????chalu ahet ka (sent from Dombivli)
train chalu hai? (sent from Vidyavihar)
trains from virar?
towards kalyan status? (sent from Mulund)
Dadar to Diva?? trains coming (sent from Matunga Stn.)
what is status frm kurla towards kalyan?
matunga main overhead wire break hui hain kya?  (sent from Airoli)
What is the current status from Thane to CST?? (sent from Thane)
pubg anyone?
CSMT to Sion?
update about central lines plz?
CST train chalu hai kya? (sent from Nerul)
dombivili to CST train he Kiya?
Dombivli to Kurla status ?? (sent from Dombivli)
are locals on time from thane to vikhroli ? (sent from Airoli Stn.)
no train running from thane to cst. which are coming from down side are very slow and have lots of rush (sent from Thane Stn.)
is Kurla to Parel is going well????? (sent from Mulund Stn.)
 what about down track.....diva to Kalyan side (sent from Dativali Stn.)
thane  se kanjurmarg ka status kya hai ?
factual position is the trains are running late by 15-20 mins but the trains which are coming those are packed and you cannot board them ultimately you get delayed by 30-45 mins. secondly now the news is matunga and sion slow track is flooded so more delay will be there. 
SION TO THANE ka kya status hai? (sent from Vadala Road)
Ghatkopar? (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
Ghatkopar? (sent from Mulund)
koni sangnar ki titwala te thane train chalu aahai ka ?? (sent from Titwala)
kiti minutes late ahet???  (sent from Nahur Stn.)
train are working or not
any updates from dombivili..?
for update chk history chat .....    .  (sent from Badlapur)
dadar to thank? (sent from Sion Stn.)
r trains r late from kurla? (sent from Kurla Stn.)
what is status about down side trains mulund to dombvili ? (sent from Nahur)
may i know the stats of mulund?? (sent from Thakurli)
dadar to SION train running status? (sent from Sion Stn.)
Byculla se koi train ha ky Ghatkopar ke Liya? (sent from Byculla Stn.)
Status of Kalyan to thane? (sent from Vasind Stn.)
what is the condition at Dombivli Railway Station? 
trains towards thane from Kalyan. any update? (sent from Shahad)
what is status of Dombivali (sent from Bhandup)
what about thane to nerul or vashi? (sent from Bhandup)
status of ghatkopar to ulhas nagar ? (sent from Vikhroli)
Parel to kanjur trains status? (sent from Currey Road)
ambernath cst status?? (sent from Ambernath)
kurla main trains ruki kyu hai? (sent from Kurla Stn.)
trains towards CSMT are on time ? (sent from Ghansoli)
CSMT to Sion?
what's the status in sion (sent from Mulund)
Thane to cst? 
thane to cst? (sent from Airoli Stn.)
dombivali to kasara train status ?? (sent from Kopar Stn.)
Kurla to Vashi?  (sent from Ghatkopar)
CSMT to Sion.? PLEASE reply
guys you are slaves for whom you work, train are not running on time and mite be get completely stopped if it continue to rain like this for more 2hr, so only travel if it's very necessary or important work 
how about thane to cst
thane to Kalyan .  status kya hai ? (sent from Thane)
are trains running properly between kalyan to vidyavihar ?
dombivli se ghatkoper ?? (sent from Kopar)
diva to kurla??
r trains available from dombivli to thane? 
Mulund to badlapur trains working or not ? (sent from Mulund)
What is the current status of CR ? Thane to CST Trains are moving ???
what is the running status of trains in central? (sent from Kalyan)
or delayed? 
Dom to thane train status anyone? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
pk? mein piya nahi hoon
anyone at Badlapur? fast train status? (sent from Badlapur)
whats status frm thane to kalyan ?  (sent from Koparkhairne Stn.)
what about Bhandup to Thane.?  (sent from Bhandup)
bhai which bridge? (sent from Dadar)
Retarded people on this app: "Train ka status kya hai?"...Please read for once na.
fast trains are damn slowband how can u expect express train :) (sent from Thakurli Stn.)
is this true or rumor? (sent from Ambernath Stn.)
what is train status (sent from Marine Lines Stn.)
what is train status (sent from Marine Lines Stn.)
what about bhandup to diva??  (sent from Nahur Stn.)
what about bhandup to diva??  (sent from Nahur Stn.)
कुर्ला पर्यंत ट्रेन चालू आहेत का? (sent from Thane)
what is the Status of Central line???  (sent from Vikhroli)
what about trains from dombivli??? (sent from Dombivli)
central line train chalu hai Kya? (sent from Kalyan)
what news about Dadar foot over bridge crack? (sent from Dadar)
Anything wrong near matunga?
what's the position of trn btwn amb to Mulund???? (sent from Ambernath)
is kurla to thane train running?  (sent from Vashi Stn.)
thane to airoli is trains running?  (sent from Thane Stn.)
what about train status (sent from kalyan) (sent from Kalyan)
What is Position From Ghatkopar to Kalyan.. Please Update  (sent from Govandi)
Any train on Dombivli station?  (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
what's the status of trains from dombivali to thane (sent from Nilje)
Thane to airoli koe problem hai ?  (sent from Vidyavihar)
mulund to ghatkopar?
when will train arrive at Dombivli station?? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
train status from Diva to DADAR? (sent from Grant Road Stn.)
whether trains running upto Ulhasnagar? (sent from Bhandup)
thane to vikhroli? (sent from Airoli Stn.)
 any update for mulund to ghatkopar? (sent from Nahur)
ulhasnagar to ghat ko par ? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
how are trains from CST to Vikhroli running?
what is the position of trains post sion? (sent from Sion Stn.)
Kalwa to Ghatkopar? (sent from Kalva)
trains from Ghatkopar to thane? (sent from Andheri Stn.)
what is the status from thane to badlapur. (sent from Airoli)
metro chalu hai kya ? (sent from Bhandup)
what is to the status of center line from thane station
Ambernath to kalyan is ok or not???  (sent from Ambernath)
ghatkoper to thane what is the speed.plzzzzzzz tell???
Between Ghatkopar to Mulund stn track are in promlem? plz confirm.  (sent from Khar Road Stn.)
dadar to thane ke trains chal rahe hai sahi se?? ya late hai
trains chal rahi hai kurla tak? (sent from Kanjur Marg)
what is the status from ghatkopar to dadar (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
Dombivali la nahie pn kalyanchya chalu aahet mhanje? (sent from Dombivli)
what's the status in badlapur (sent from Badlapur Stn.)
karjat status anyone plz tell from dombivil? (sent from Thakurli)
what's problem with train I m at Sion station train is going slowly (sent from Gtb Nagar Stn.)
dombivali to cst what stetus (sent from Thakurli)
ambernath to thane train chal rhe h kya ? (sent from Ambernath Stn.)
Thane CST 10:30 status? (sent from Thane)
dadar to thane status?!? (sent from Dahisar)
dadar to thane working fine? 
parel to kanjurmarg status? (sent from Lower Parel)
mumbra to thane train status ? (sent from Mumbra)
are trains towards Kalyan working ? (sent from Thane)
central line ki train jaada late chal rahi hai kya.  ?....?
are local trains running on time??? (sent from Mulund Stn.)
What the problem of fast track  (sent from Chunabhatti Stn.)
Update from Ghatkopar to Kalyan Plss? (sent from Govandi)
Curreyroad to Vikhroli status? (sent from Cotton Green)
 thane to dadar working??
mumbra to thane?  (sent from Mumbra)
...?
badlapur to CST status ? (sent from Badlapur)
? (sent from Thane Stn.)
dadar mantunga chalu hai kya?  (sent from Vithalwadi)
what about trains between sion to dadsr heard not moving
What About Thane To Ghatkopar (sent from Thane Stn.)
dadar to thane???
thane to titwala  whats ???? (sent from Govandi)
dombivali to thane slow train working or not
is there in waterlogging in mulund
what abt dombivli to ghatkoper (sent from Kopar)
is central line from kurla to cst working??  (sent from Vidyavihar Stn.)
what is the situation between Kalyan and Ghatkopar (sent from Thakurli Stn.)
what abt kanjur to titwala (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)
Dombivli to badlapur status pls?? (sent from Nilje)
Thane local towards CST running or cancelled? (sent from Thane)
what about mumbra to thane ?  (sent from Mumbra)
Train is struggling to reach Kurla. tracks can hardly be seen. Not sure how many more trains may be able to pass this route after this one (sent from Sion Stn.)
any one outside kalyan station plz check that idli vada wala is selling today or not (sent from Shahad Stn.)
is there any umbrella shop in Thane? (sent from Rabale Stn.)
anybody who wants to travel andheri pls use metro instead of central rly (sent from Kings Circle)
kalyan se train chalu hai kya cst k liyw?? (sent from Kalyan)
is it safe to travel to kurla ?
bhai mazak kar raha hai? (sent from Nahur Stn.)
what is the status of central line? (sent from Mahalakshmi)
Thane to Dadar Train Status???
asangaon train r working or not
any updates from Ulhasnagar railway? 
mumbra se thane tak train chalu hai kya?
hi, what is status of trains coming from Kalyan to Ghatkopar ?
status of slow trains after kurla?? (sent from Nahur Stn.)
what is the status of Thane CST locals from PF 1. Are they late or cancelled? (sent from Thane)
Dombivli to Thane slow local ka status? (sent from Thakurli)
hi, what is status of trains coming from Kalyan to Ghatkopar ?
what is the status of trains  from ambernath to thane (sent from Ambernath)
ghatkopar to thane??? 
is trains towards csmt to thane working fine? (sent from Kalva Stn.)
mumbra to thane train chalu hai kya ?  (sent from Mumbra)
any train till vidyavihar ?
kurla to curry road?????
are trains working from dombivli end to cst? (sent from Dombivli)
what is the condition of central railway (sent from Kalyan)
plz send authentic news and kindly send the information which u direct have dont send anything forworded
nahur se kurla jana hai...trains chalu hai kya? plz reply (sent from Nahur Stn.)
what about thane to titwala..trains
what about sion (sent from Sion)
are trains running from Ambernath? (sent from Ambernath)
currey road to thane status?
is it raining very heavily should travel or avoid? (sent from Vithalwadi)
what's the update about trains right nw (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
byculla to Vikhroli ???? (sent from Mahalakshmi)
what is status of asangaon train  (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
Thane to CST trains running properly? (sent from Thane)
any update on this guys? (sent from Cotton Green)
Byculla to Vikhroli status please? (sent from Byculla)
what about dadar to kalyan (sent from Sewri)
are trains from dadar to thane running??  (sent from Churchgate Stn.)
nerul to vadala trains r there? (sent from Nerul Stn.)
what status about dadar? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
nahur to diva train status???  (sent from Nahur Stn.)
what about vidyavihar to vt (sent from Vidyavihar Stn.)
travell karna chaiye ki nai? (sent from Vithalwadi)
are trains from Sion to Kurla working on time? (sent from Chunabhatti)
what's stetus of titwala train (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
any new about badlapur dam??? (sent from Kurla Stn.)
where is Kasara local now (sent from Shahad Stn.)
is there water logging in soin and Matunga?  (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
CST to Dombivili is running? (sent from Masjid)
mumbra to thane chalu h ? (sent from Mumbra)
Kalyan to Mulund status?? (sent from Kalyan)
cst to central working properly? (sent from Cst Stn.)
diva station pe ky hal ?? (sent from Dativali)
is it thane cst slow running ? (sent from Kharghar)
please let me know what is the status of trains from ghatkopar to dombivli  (sent from Govandi Stn.)
is all locals running
trains status till ghatkopar? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
train from ghatkopar to cst is late or not going ahead of dadar? (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
are trains running from ghatkopar to kurla? 
mumbra to thane any updates? (sent from Mumbra)
is central line working? 
what's the status of trans harbor line
ghatkopar to kurla status? 
Dadar to kurla status ? (sent from Parel)
kurla to thane trains are working or not??? (sent from Santa Cruz Stn.)
anyone has any news about Vidyavihar? (sent from Mumbai Central Stn.)
parel to ghatkopar? (sent from Lower Parel)
Train sab chalu hai.... Koyi chuti maat lena ghar par aram karne k liye bahat chuti hogya Saturday, Sunday aur monday bhi hogya abhi sab ghar se niklo  (sent from Vidyavihar Stn.)
why train get stops in between Ghatkopar and Vikroli  (sent from Ghatkopar)
what is the status from ambernath to Thane (sent from Ambernath)
is cst to thane line running properly??  (sent from Mumbai Central Stn.)
thane to badlapur trains chalu he kay?  (sent from Airoli)
thane to cst train working?? 
ambernath to thane??? 
what about Ghatkopar to Dadar (sent from Ghatkopar)
what is status of trains (sent from Churchgate)
badlapur to CST train tima var ahe ka ??  (sent from Badlapur)
train is working or not?
can anyone tell the situation in the Kalina area of university? (sent from Sion Stn.)
anyone plz send latest status from ghatkopar station to cst station ? are water filled everywhere inside station (sent from Ghatkopar)
r trains running from thane to vashi?? (sent from Kalyan)
From PF 1 Thane CST Locals are cancelled? (sent from Thane)
any update for thane to asangaon? (sent from Koparkhairne)
what staus of thane to ghatkoper  ? which train should i prefare fast or slow? (sent from Kalva Stn.)
Thane to CST trains are late? (sent from Mulund)
Water logged is true?  (sent from Vikhroli)
train running towards Thane from Kalyan or not?
my college is in vidhyavihar should I go? (sent from Nahur Stn.)
Trains running from ghatkopar to CST??? (sent from Ghatkopar)
dombivli  to cst ? status
what about train from diva to thane??..... are they working properly
Ambernath to Kurla status...??? (sent from Ambernath)
what's the status of slow trains going to cst? (sent from Badlapur Stn.)
 trains running from dombivli to mulund? (sent from Dombivli)
anybody know if metro from ghatkopar to andheri running properly? 
hey guys stop spamming. could not read a single msg. gyz don't asked repetitive questions please see previous  chat then chat it (sent from Airoli Stn.)
where is karjat fast (sent from Thane Stn.)
what staus of thane to ghatkoper ? which train i prefare fast slow? (sent from Thane Stn.)
where is 10.40 dombivli train (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
thane ambernath route  ??
status dadar to cstm? (sent from Mira Road)
train on slow track working or not? (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)
Ghatli par to CSTM  is train running? (sent from Ghatkopar)
are the trains working on time in the central side? (sent from Virar Stn.)
what about kalyan to dadar..?? (sent from Vithalwadi)
ambarnath to thane train working?? (sent from Koparkhairne)
T.C hai kya station par? (sent from Kurla Stn.)
what about Ghatkopar to thane side? (sent from Bhandup)
badlapur se chalu he kya?? (sent from Badlapur)
mumbra sai cst tak ja rahe hai hai train????  (sent from Mumbra Stn.)
ghatkopar ka market open hai kya stn ke pass ? 
trains running from dombivali to cst? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
kalwa to dadar train ki frequency kya hai???? (sent from Kalva Stn.)
diva vasai chalu ho gaya kya ?
is fast trains are available for dombivali???? (sent from Masjid Stn.)
kauni Dom stn la aahat ka kuttli train kiti velet expected aahe pls  (sent from Thakurli)
what is the trains status at Ambernath??
 train on time ?
how is the rush in mumbra to thane??
byculla to Thane train chalu ahet ka ? (sent from Byculla Stn.)
train on time? (sent from Mumbra)
m not getting my reply????? (sent from Masjid Stn.)
may i know abt the train delays?? (sent from Badlapur)
central line chalu h kya train? (sent from Mumbra)
any trains available from Byculla to ghatkopar?  (sent from Byculla)
are trains running from ulhasnagar to cst? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
thane madhe pani bharl aahe kaa???thane train bhetel kaa??? (sent from Kurla)
thane tk chlu h ky train ??  (sent from Thakurli)
thane  se ambernath k liy Train chal rhi hai kya ??? (sent from Vithalwadi Stn.)
dadar to cst train on time or not
badlapur varun train time varti aahe ka ?
is there water logging in Thane  (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
any train coming at dadar??  (sent from Sion Stn.)
wat abt dombivali to mulund how is the situation ?
Are train on time ?
Byculla to Thane Trains ahet ka mitrano ? (sent from Byculla Stn.)
Are Trains normally working from Dombivali to Ghatkopar? (sent from Kopar)
what is the status of trains at badlapur Station? (sent from Badlapur)
are they announcing? (sent from Thane)
mumbrs station kitne bje ki lagya hai train cstm ki?
what about thane to kalyan (sent from Vashi)
who told you boss  (sent from Matunga Road Stn.)
kurla to Kalyan running? (sent from Chunabhatti)
are u sure about this ?😢 (sent from Vashi)
train status from sion to cst?  (sent from Sion Stn.)
are trains working? (sent from Chembur)
what is status from dombivali (sent from Dombivli)
2-3trains have been called off and the trains which are running are 30-60min late (sent from Thane Stn.)
bhandup to ghatkopar train take how much time (sent from Bhandup)
down trains chalu h kya? thane to badlapur? (sent from Ghansoli)
Dombivli status?  (sent from Thakurli)
are trains working from kalva to badlapur? (sent from Mumbra)
What's the Status of Up Slow Trains between Thane and Dadar ?? (Sent from Mulund) (sent from Mulund Stn.)
trains from sion to dombivli?? (sent from Sion)
are u sure? (sent from Dockyard Road Stn.)
from mulund to cst ?? (sent from Mulund Stn.)
परेल स्टेशनच्या बाहेर पाणी साचलय का? (sent from Parel)
is there water logging at Dombivli?  (sent from Thakurli)
dombivali to badlapur working? (sent from Kharghar)
what is status of local train from Kalyan to ambernath (sent from Titwala Stn.)
cst to dombivali fast trains are available???  is train working on time??? (sent from Masjid Stn.)
badlapur to cst? (sent from Badlapur)
ulhas to cst? (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)
CSMT TO Kasara local suru aahe ka ??
dadar to Thane ??? trains r there  (sent from Dadar Stn.)
any info on parel to kurla??  (sent from Elphinstone Road Stn.)
can you any one tell me do trains are running on time? (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)
Hello all,  has the 10:26 fast train from Kalyan to CSMT left Kalyan station?? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
dombivali to badlapur working? (sent from Kharghar Stn.)
ghatkopar to thane train status??? (sent from Kanjur Marg)
mulund mein pani bhara ha kya?
thane to ambernath trains there or Not ?
what about Kurla to kanjurmarg? (sent from Kurla)
are train running to Karjat from Byculla ? (sent from Byculla Stn.)
what about Sion 
When (sent from Thane Stn.)
mumbra se thane train chalu h kya?
what about 10 36 CSMT  (sent from Ambernath Stn.)
kalva to cst are trains working properly?? (sent from Airoli Stn.)
 bdlapur to cst working...??? (sent from Badlapur Stn.)
what about dadar to csmt (sent from Vadala Road)
CSMT TO THANE TRAINS AHET KA ? (sent from Byculla Stn.)
what about central railway (sent from Goregaon)
CST tk train hai KY dombivli se any update ? (sent from Dombivli)
ghatkopar to thane chalu hai train?  (sent from Ghatkopar)
what's the local situation between dadar to vidyavihar? (sent from Elphinstone Road Stn.)
chai milegi ky}?😊😊
 bdlapur to cst working...??? (sent from Badlapur Stn.)
is it advisable to catch train now? (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)
thane to ambernath trains there or not
ambarnath se train hai kya? (sent from Ambernath)
what's the situation between thane and Ghatkopar pls reply ASAP (sent from Mulund)
mumbra to cst trains are running??
ghatkoper se downline ka status kya hai? any update
Matunga me pani bhara hai na?  (sent from Badlapur Stn.)
what about kasara trains  (sent from Vikhroli)
Are trains running fine till Ghatkopar from Thane side? (sent from Airoli Stn.)
what's the status at badlapur?  (sent from Badlapur)
thane chalu hai kya?
Thane CST trains from PF 1 running or not? (sent from Thane)
trains from mulund to kalyan running?
kalyan se down ambernath chalu hai kya?
Are there any trains from Dombivali to Ambarnath? (sent from Thakurli)
if trains didnt exist would this app be as good as whatsapp for travelling ?
what is status fast local towards cstm (sent from Vasind)
trains status plz? frm thane to Csmt (sent from Thane Stn.)
for those who thinks trains are late. trains are late on dispaly board, in reality atleast in every 2-5 mins trains are coming. just got a train from dombivli (sent from Kopar Stn.)
is there is block (sent from Vidyavihar)
trains chal rhi kya?? sion se (sent from Elphinstone Road Stn.)
Any update from boisar station.. station bahar Gulab-jamun wale ka shop khula ey kya? 
is train Mulund to Kalyan running ? (sent from Nahur)
thane se Seawoods ke liye train hai kids late hair?  (sent from Koparkhairne)
whether trains from Thane working? (sent from Thane Stn.)
what is the status for thane to kalyan? 
ulhas to thane ?news showing waterlogging at thane station. 
is train services normal in central line? from kurla to dadar?  (sent from Shelu Stn.)
are trains running from dombivali to cst? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
what is the status for trains towards CSMT from Kalyan
kurla jane wali train chalu hai kya? (sent from Dahisar)
is train services normal in central line? from kurla to dadar?  (sent from Shelu Stn.)
???
what is status from dombivli to tiwala (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
what about express trains (sent from Mira Road)
badlapur to ghatkopar chalu h Kya ?? (sent from Badlapur)
is it safe to travel from ambernath to CST? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
wht about kalyan?? (sent from Marine Lines Stn.)
diva station pe chadne mil raha hai kya train me tyane ja ne k liye? (sent from Dativali)
what's the status of central railway
Thane CST 10:30 cancelled hai kya? (sent from Thane)
Train from Thane to CST, are they stick???
any trains available for thane to down?
train stauts from Mulund??
wats status of train aftr thane? (sent from Kalva Stn.)
wats status of train aftr thane? (sent from Kalva Stn.)
what is train status from thane to dadar?  (sent from Rabale Stn.)
bro, I just travelled from Dombivli to Dadar. it was fine till Kurla. once we crossed Kurla, that's when the trouble began. (sent from Dadar Stn.)
what is train status from domvibli to cstm ? (sent from Nilje)
what is train status from thane to kasara  (sent from Vikhroli)
train status from titwala to cst???  (sent from Titwala)
what's train status bhandup to kalyan (sent from Bhandup Stn.)
Badlapur to Ghatkopar? (sent from Dahisar)
is train late? (sent from Vithalwadi Stn.)
schools and colleges are there or not? (sent from Kings Circle)
what about Vidhya vihar to MCST (sent from Thane)
are slow trains running between kurla to Dadar? (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
NASIK to thane mail express working? (sent from Kandivali Stn.)
Thane to dombivli working? (sent from Nerul Stn.)
is there train from unr to thane..? (sent from Shahad Stn.)
are trains running from chinchpokli to ghatkopar?? (sent from Lower Parel)
London??? (sent from Kopar Stn.)
dadar se vidyavihar train chal raha h kya?
I am in 9.29bdl- cst  which is still at kurla (sent from Kurla Stn.)
are trains running towards kalyan?
what is the status from ghatkoper to dadar (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)
 Kalyan to karjat trains are running or not? (sent from Thakurli)
i have to go lonavala from kalyan junction,which train is available?? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
kurla to mulund? (sent from Vidyavihar)
what is status from Kalyan To Thane 
what is status at Kalyan ... toward cstm (sent from Vithalwadi)
Is Ghatkopar to Vikhroli open?
Fast train working? Thane - Dadar (sent from Thane Stn.)
patanjali sim card ka network kaisa hai ?
Ghatkopar to CST Train ka kya hal hai???? pz. batao (sent from Chembur)
what is the status from kurla station (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
dadar to ghatkopar trains Chal rahi h?  (sent from Grant Road Stn.)
gratkopar to Thane and airoli running?
aur kuch puchna hai?  (sent from Goregaon)
thane ambernath status ???
status for trains running from mulund to ghatkopar?
what is the status from kurla station (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
what about thane to diva fast trak (sent from Byculla Stn.)
kalyan to lonavala??? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
trains are running ifrom kalyan to thane? 
cst- kasara ? (sent from Juinagar)
what is the current update between kurla to dadar (sent from Koparkhairne)
are trains working between kalva and kalyan?
Hi koi Ghatkopar station pe khada hai toh crowd kitna hai bata do? (sent from Vidyavihar)
karjat to kalyan train chalu hai kya?  (sent from Neral Stn.)
SHAHAD TO CSMT? ARE TRAINS CANCELLED??? (sent from Shahad)
please any one tell me kyn to badlapur current trains status? (sent from Kalyan)
any update on central railway ? (sent from Mulund)
csmt to thane trains are running or not ? (sent from Cst Stn.)
what is happening in thaney (sent from Nerul)
what's the Current status for Kalyan to thane trains??  (sent from Shahad)
train for kasara line chalo hai kya ?? (sent from Ghatkopar)
Diva -vasai train kinta time late h....? (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)
Ambarnath to kanjurmarg trains hai kyaa?
trains are there ? (sent from Matunga Road Stn.)
Train running from Kalyan? 
may i know train status between ghatkopar to badlapur? 
csmt to Thane trains working?
what's the Current status for Kalyan to thane trains??  (sent from Shahad)
any idli Wala selling ideli near railway station... ? (sent from Tilak Nagar)
what about cst to thane trains right now?
is there any train from dadar towards titwala (sent from Vidyavihar Stn.)
trains are running from thane to CST?? (sent from Kalva)
train chal rahi h? (sent from Parel Stn.)
is train is available from thane to vikroli?
train status from kalyan towards kasara working?
badlapur to kalyan train ka status kya he? (sent from Badlapur)
suvida express Nikki kya CST se? (sent from Thane)
train status towards cat? (sent from Thane)
dadar to thane train running???
thane to vashi status? (sent from Shahad)
is that possible to go malad from Thane...???  (sent from Airoli Stn.)
suvida express Nikki kya CST se? (sent from Thane)
are trains working from Kurla to Thane?? (sent from Tilak Nagar Stn.)
are trains running from dombivili..?
trains are working in central line??? (sent from Parel)
any trains running from kalyan?? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
how much time takes from kurla to dadar
is badlapur train working? (sent from Badlapur)
any update? from shahad station? are trains available for cst???????? please someone reply. URGENT (sent from Shahad)
Suvida express nikli kya CST se ? (sent from Thane)
how much time take from ulhasnagar to ghat koper 
what are position of train?  (sent from Neral Stn.)
Diva to kalyan train chalu aahe ka? (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)
what's the status of down trains ? from Kurla to Mulund ? 
any update on trains from Dombivli stn ?
westren railway ka status kya hai? (sent from Santa Cruz)
is the train on time ?  (sent from Kanjur Marg)
trains are diverted to fast track and trains which halt at paltform 2 are not halting they are fast trains moving from slow tracks (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)
cst to Dombivali fast train chalu hai kya? (sent from Byculla)
whats the status of 9.29 Badlapur CST train. where has it reached now ?
trains between badalapur to CST are running or not
trains r in time? (sent from Badlapur)
Anyone at dombivali?? what's status for Cst line??  (sent from Nilje)
any update for Dombivli to dadar ? (sent from Dombivli)
what's the status of trains at kurla (sent from Gtb Nagar)
what about sion to bhandup (sent from Bhandup Stn.)
trine chalu ahe ka? (sent from Matunga Road)
update between Badlapur and Kalyan?
Ambarnath train updates?  (sent from Ambernath)
asangaon - cst trains what's the status (sent from Vasind Stn.)
 what abt kasara asangaon train? (sent from Turbhe)
is central railway on time? (sent from Bhandup)
vikhroli-dadar any update? (sent from Vikhroli)
kurla to Currey road???
trains running from ghatkopar to thane?? (sent from Vile Parle Stn.)
train statua from mulund to cst?  (sent from Mulund)
kurla se currey road????
why (sent from Mahalakshmi)
Amberbath - CST train status please?
thane ka vo momo wala hai kya? (sent from Ghansoli)
vikhroli to dadar ? (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)
trains running ? (sent from Vidyavihar Stn.)
🤑🤑🤑🤑🤑🤑kurla to Currey road??????
where is asangaon train (sent from Shahad Stn.)
Are trains available from kasara to cst? 
any status about Aasangaon trains???  (sent from Shahad Stn.)
are train going till cst???   (sent from Dombivli)
Mumbra to thane ka kya update hai? pls batao (sent from Airoli)
trains towards CST from ghatkopar?? (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
cst se any trains towarda thane? (sent from Churchgate)
kalyan to ghatkoper? (sent from Vithalwadi)
dadar to Kalyan? (sent from Mahim Jn Stn.)
what is the status of down side trains? can someone please help (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
kurla -thane? (sent from Vidyavihar)
are trains running late and how much?  (sent from Badlapur)
any update from sion ...? (sent from Kurla Stn.)
wht abt mulund to kalyn train?is it working properly, plz let me know (sent from Mulund Stn.)
todays mahalaxmi express to kolhapur on time?
water logging at kalva??  (sent from Dombivli)
what about 12701 dadar  to aurangabad is it cancelled or delay (sent from Ghatkopar)
is vasai.. diva train line working? 
Are Trains from Ulhasnagar to CST running? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
what about dombivli to CSMT or radar??? (sent from Dombivli)
what is train status naw central line (sent from Thakurli Stn.)
let me tell you the fact : jitne log chat pe hai alag alag station pe ussey toh kum log actual mein station pe dikh rahe hai 😂 (sent from Mulund Stn.)
seriously????? (sent from Mulund Stn.)
seriously????? (sent from Mulund Stn.)
let me tell you the fact : jitne log chat pe hai alag alag station pe ussey toh kum log actual mein station pe dikh rahe hai 😂 (sent from Mulund Stn.)
thane local train chalrahi hai kya??? (sent from Nahur)
mumbra 2 cst train chalu hai kya sir?
kalyan stetn la ahe karjat train kuthe ali ahe ??? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
Kitne baje ki train? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
what about cst to kurla  (sent from Sandhurst Road)
how trains r running towards kalyan now  (sent from Ghatkopar)
shahad to thane status? (sent from Shahad)
koi hai kya jo cst tak pohocha hai???  train ja bhi rahi hai kya last cst tak... 😐😐 (sent from Dombivli)
Karla to Kanjurmarg shuru hai Kya? (sent from Mankhurd Stn.)
What a status of karjat-Thane trains? (sent from Vangani Stn.)
Thane to Kasara train status????
sahi kaha. We never protest against the BMC which is why they dont care what happens 2 us (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)
how is the condition between soin and dadar?  (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
what is live status of karjat train
all trains reguler... those who are sincere are in office, all lazy sleeping at home 
is this train running on time from kalyan to Thane (sent from Kalyan)
what about train from dombivali ? (sent from Elphinstone Road Stn.)
are trains running from kalyan to ghatkopar?
status thane to CST?
Is central line working?  (sent from Ghatkopar)
is it going smoothly till kurla?? pls tell update 😥 (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
is it reached kalyan? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
at what time I caught train at dombivli around 10 o clock still I am in kurla it's one and half hour  (sent from Ghatkopar)
all those who r planning to travel beyond ghatkopar-cst belt pls dont risk. heavy water logging at Sion Matunga (sent from Dadar Stn.)
thane to Kurla trains running ??
are trains running smoothly from Kalyan towards CST???
Anyone outside Dombivli Station pls check if Idli wala uncle is selling Idli or not?  (sent from Dombivli)
sion station  status? (sent from Kopar)
is there train is working for sanpada to kurla plz give me suggestions about (sent from Sanpada)
can someone please tell me about Central line... is ghatkopar to thane working properly?  (sent from Ghatkopar)
what status of kalyan? (sent from Thakurli Stn.)
guys trains are running.. but it took 2 hrs to reach from thane to cst as there is water logging in tracks of sion, matunga, dadar, parel.. n never how rain is going to be whole day.. stay home if not necessary to travel (sent from Chinchpokli Stn.)
how much delay in central railway (sent from Badlapur)
cant blame bmc either.. when it rains half as this much in europe situatiin gets worse.. there should be other modes.. metros are good alternative bt sadly its just started and connectivity is not all over city (sent from Koparkhairne)
why trains are running 😔 (sent from Koparkhairne)
kalyan to thane...train chalu aahe?
what about kasara line....?  (sent from Badlapur Stn.)
any update for Currey road to Vikhroli? (sent from Currey Road Stn.)
what is the status of trains from byculla to thane (sent from Dadar Stn.)
Did Badlapur train reaching Mulund @11.01 left Ghatkopar?? (sent from Mulund Stn.)
what about Ghatkopar to Thane?
Friends please do not pass wrong messages here some people posting messages they are reach from Kalyan to Ghatkopar at only 35 minutes is this possible check m indicator in normal time also we can't complete distance between Kalyan to Ghatkopar at 35 minutes then how can you reach ay 35 minutes (sent from Ghatkopar)
kalyan to thane?
any update from kalyan??  (sent from Thakurli Stn.)
Why are we blaming the government? People throw so much plastic and other garbage out from the train. Stop doing that instead of blaming the government
Kalyan to kurla train chalu hai kya? (sent from Kalyan)
what is the status of Bhandup to Parel
what about kula to titwala
Kitna late? 
what abt Thane to Cstm (sent from Ghansoli Stn.)
thane to cstm slow train are there or not 
how u know,u r at nerul???? (sent from Mulund Stn.)
and fast band hai pura? (sent from Badlapur)
but what about Kalyan dombivli trains are too much late and too much rush ....... (sent from Ghatkopar)
hi,what about train for thane from byculla (sent from Chinchpokli Stn.)
kela khayega kya kele? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
hello now trains are running?
kalyan to ulhasnagar chalu h? (sent from Kalyan)
CST to Thane? (sent from Churchgate Stn.)
how much late are kalyan to thane trains?
are trains running from cst to thane??  (sent from Masjid Stn.)
what is the status of kokan railway  (sent from Borivali)
is ghatkoper logged?  (sent from Bhandup)
are trains working from thane to cst? (sent from Thane Stn.)
diva to kanjur? (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)
are train running towards Kalyan???
what is the condition of trains from dadar to vikhroli?  (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)
no train guys ,plz be at home u will stuck some where (sent from Turbhe Stn.)
yup...to confirm people can check older comments when I was at Ghatkopar n confirm timing of that comment at Ghatkopar with timing of comment when I reached Dadar. (9:11 Ulhasnagar To CSMT) (sent from Elphinstone Road Stn.)
pakka?  (sent from Shahad)
are there any trains running from thane to dombivli? 
I'm at my place buddy but you know how the bosses are..  (sent from Koparkhairne)
what is the status of central line Kalyan ti cst
koi kanjurmarg station par ho toh zara dekh kar batana ki waha Samosa wala hai kya..?? (sent from Shahad Stn.)
mumbra Ki track hey ya gayab ho gai hey? (sent from Mumbra)
?? (sent from Kurla Stn.)
ghatkopar se mumbra ka status kya hae??? (sent from Vidyavihar)
rubbish...engineering can resolve issues else why cannot we stop creating engineers. they take taxes but dont do jobs (sent from Sandhurst Road Stn.)
dadar to kurla? 
dadar to kurla? (sent from Juinagar)
Kalyan se Thane takh trains chal rahi hai Kya ?  (sent from Vithalwadi)
ambarnath to khopoli train status??? plz update
is it train is running ? (sent from Gtb Nagar)
What's the train sadul of dadar bhuj 
what abt Thane  to csmt train status??? (sent from Nahur)
trian chalo hai kya???
how long it took from sion to parel
trains running from ghatkopar to csmt? (sent from Ghatkopar)
thane to kalyan line working ?
Mumbra to bhyculla train status?????
Ghatkopar to Ambernath?
Ulhasnagar to Ghatkopar hai kya???jaldi bataoa
whether Sion to csmt is working? (sent from Parel Stn.)
Cst to KALYAN chalu hai???  (sent from Marine Lines Stn.)
Kalyan to Thane ???? please reply I'm in urgency. (sent from Vithalwadi)
?? (sent from Masjid Stn.)
kalva halt ?? (sent from Kalva)
are train tunning properly from kjrla to thane?? (sent from Mira Road)
ghatkopar to nalasopara koi train hai kya????
what about Kalwa to Bhandup ?? (sent from Kalva)
is line clear from thane to ghatkopar?? (sent from Thane)
Kitna late hai?
dombivili to thane?? 
Is trains  running on Time ?  Kitna Dilay hain Kalyan to CST ? (sent from Dombivli)
kalyan to thane trains he kya? (sent from Kalyan)
metro chalri Kya ? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
 is any fast train to cum at thane (sent from Mumbra Stn.)
trains are too late🤦🏻‍♂️ i catched 9:54 cst fast train from thane which arrived thane station at 10:30 n now it has reached sion
what is the status are dadar to dombivli
kurla station working or is it hault?
where is karjat fast local reached? (sent from Kurla Stn.)
where is kasara train (sent from Titwala)
trains  ahet ka kalyan to thane? (sent from Kalyan)
what's the status in Ghatkopar. any trains towards Thane?
what status central line train (sent from Sandhurst Road Stn.)
trains are running?? (sent from Thane)
what ia badlapur-cst status? (sent from Badlapur Stn.)
jio net slow hai ?
what about sion
what's the status of Central Railway  (sent from Vashi Stn.)
kalyan to thane trains ahet ka? (sent from Kalyan)
how r trains working to go csmt (sent from Bhandup)
diva se badlapur k liye train available hai???  (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)
व्हॉट अबाऊट कुर्ला टू सीएसटी ? (sent from Chunabhatti)
central railway mail express time pe hai Kya???
what is the latest status from mumbra to kurla. pls upstate fast. (sent from Mumbra)
plz koi bata skta hain Kya Thane ke liye train chal rhi hain kya????  (sent from Kandivali)
what is the train status for karjat to ghatkopar?
train status between Mulund and Dadar ? (sent from Nahur Stn.)
kasara local trains chal rahe hai ki nahi.???
what is the train status for karjat to ghatkopar?
thane to Badlapur Trains status?
Kurla to shahad fast train chl rhi hai kya? (sent from Tilak Nagar)
उल्हासनगर से CSTM train चालू है क्या?  (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
are there train from dadar to kanjur marg???plz update 
are trains working from mulund to ghatkopar?
Dombivali station pain train ka kya halchal ? (sent from Dombivli)
what is the status from kanjur to thane
train chalrahi hai kya bhai?
what's the status from ghatkopar to Thane? (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
what is the train stauts ulhas nagar to cst (sent from Lowjee)
are dombivli/ kalyan trains running? (sent from Mumbra Stn.)
Are trains working from thane to mulund? 
Are the fast trains towards Kalyan running?
hi are there trains from ulhasnagar to parel?
all down fast trains going towards ambernath, badlapur, karjat , kasara..cancelled (sent from Kurla Stn.)
thane to kasara anyone .???
khatkooper se CST train going ?
Ghatkopar to ambernath trains are working or nor? (sent from Ghatkopar)
are trains available from thane to kurla???
?
train statud towards Asangaon..?? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
ghatkopar to thane?? (sent from Vidyavihar Stn.)
has anyone left by slow train from kalyan? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
what is the train status from shahapur to kalyan
kalyan to thane..? any delay (sent from Mumbra Stn.)
Kalyan to Thane status pls ?
hi train running is on time?
dadar to Kalyan ka status Kya hai? (sent from Thakurli)
ia thane to kurla normal??
Kurla to ambernath train chal Rahi hai kya? (sent from Govandi Stn.)
where is karjat train i'm in badlapur station  (sent from Badlapur Stn.)
Thane to Kalyan train running? (sent from Thane)
dadar to Kalyan batao status? (sent from Thakurli)
what is position of trains at ghatkopar station towards cst (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
thane to kurla??
kalyan to mumbra? (sent from Mumbra Stn.)
WHAT IS THE STATUS OF FROM KOPAR STATION TO MATUNGA PLS REPLAY IT (sent from Bhiwandi Road)
CST to thane? (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)
is train available from ghatkopar to thane (fast)?? (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
Are Ghatkopar To Parel Trains Running??
central line working ? (sent from Mumbai Central)
why ? (sent from Badlapur Stn.)
is Ambarnath to thane perfectly running??? (sent from Ambernath Stn.)
any one at mulund station ? mulund to dombivli train updates plz? (sent from Mulund Stn.)
Mulund to CSt kitna late h?
Bhandup to dadar train kiti let ahet tari...? (sent from Bhandup)
cst to badlapur what is the status (sent from Cst Stn.)
Thane to buyculla?  (sent from Vithalwadi)
ghatkopar to cst?  (sent from Ghatkopar)
dadar matunga prob solve hua Kya?
ghatkopar to Thane train r on time? (sent from Chembur)
Are trains working fine at Kurla? (sent from Parel)
dombivli to cst kya scene hai ? train chalu hai ? (sent from Kopar)
is it really slow?? (sent from Ambernath Stn.)
kasara to cst running ?
is it really slow?? (sent from Ambernath Stn.)
kurla cmst train status?
CST to Dombivli train chalu ahe ka? (sent from Thakurli Stn.)
what is the train issue (sent from Sion Stn.)
dombivli to Ghatkopar?
Dadar la paus ahe ka??? (sent from Mumbra)
down sides train are working ?  (sent from Vidyavihar)
is train running on time ? (sent from Kalyan)
Ambernath  ? (sent from Ambernath Stn.)
hai yeh kya message hai??
ghatkopar se fast train chalu hai kya? (sent from Ghatkopar)
wht abt Ambernath ? (sent from Ambernath Stn.)
ky zala? (sent from Kings Circle Stn.)
koi kasara local hai kya abhi .???
kalyan se thane train chalu hai kya? (sent from Kalyan)
Trains from byculla to sion?  (sent from Lower Parel)
 what is situation of train from Kurla to Dadar. (sent from Kanjur Marg)
r trains running between shahad and thane? (sent from Shahad Stn.)
in dombivali what status
trains from Sion to Parel working?
what sbout train status (sent from Lower Parel)
kalyan to ghatkopar chalu hai kya?? 
hey,are trains working from BYCULLA TO DOWNSIDE ?  (sent from Mumbai Central Stn.)
what about cr local status up to dadar
thane to cstm status?
anything about shahad to thane train status?  (sent from Shahad)
anything about shahad to thane train status?  (sent from Shahad)
kurla to dadar chalu hai Kya??
thane to cst ?? (sent from Thane)
are trains running from ghatkoper to badlapur???
thane to Badlapur status??? (sent from Airoli Stn.)
kurla to dadar chalu hai Kya??
anything about shahad to thane train status?  (sent from Shahad)
I wanna go to Badlapur.... are the trains regular?  (sent from Bandra)
are trains running from ghatkoper to badlapur???
dadar to Dombivli ka status batao ? (sent from Thakurli)
how is the situation in sion (sent from Cst)
dadar to Dombivli ka status batao ? (sent from Thakurli)
kurla to dadar chalu hai Kya??
ठाणे 2 डोंबिवली चालू आहेत का?
how is the situation in sion (sent from Cst)
Dhanu virar trains status..????
ठाणे 2 डोंबिवली चालू आहेत का?
are trains running from ghatkoper to badlapur???
Dombivali to Ghatkopar kya hal hai ? (sent from Thakurli)
dadar to Dombivli ka status batao ? (sent from Thakurli)
I wanna go to Badlapur.... are the trains regular?  (sent from Bandra)
what the train situation in dombivali  (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)
trains from mumbra to kasara is working??? 
trains from mumbra to kasara is working??? 
train status from shahad to thane?  (sent from Shahad)
Dadar to Thane fast and slow working or not???
trains are running from kasara to Dadar? (sent from Atgan)
Dadar to Thane fast and slow working or not??? (sent from Mahim Jn Stn.)
what abt ambernath to thane status (sent from Ambernath)
I wanna go to Badlapur.... are the trains regular?  (sent from Bandra)
trains are running from kasara to Dadar? (sent from Atgan)
are Dhanu virar trains working??
Thane-Vashi train Status? (sent from Kalva Stn.)
I wanna go to Badlapur.... are the trains regular?  (sent from Bandra)
what abt ambernath to thane status (sent from Ambernath)
Kanjurmarg see train jaa Rahi hai towards Dadar?? (sent from Kanjur Marg)
what abt ambernath to thane status (sent from Ambernath)
can somebody tell if down trains, towards kalyan, are running??? (sent from Thane)
Dadar to Thane fast and slow working or not??? (sent from Mahim Jn Stn.)
are the trains running between bhandup to cst? 
what from neral (sent from Neral Stn.)
can anybody know where is the train of kalyan running or not (sent from Vithalwadi)
what about csmt to kasara train?
what from neral  (sent from Neral Stn.)
what's the status of trains for dombivli to csmt?
trains toward CST?? (sent from Thane Stn.)
which karjat .it was annouced as cancelled (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)
what about kalwa to cstm (sent from Kalva)
titwala to CST ka Kya status hai????
what's status for Ghatkopar to Dombivli (sent from Ghatkopar)
trains from ulhasnagar to dadar?  (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
is train from Ghatkopar to CST working?
thane to kyn?? (sent from Thane Stn.)
how do u know?
Thinking of going to office for some urgent work.. what is the situation between Matunga and Ghatkopar? (sent from Vadala Road Stn.)
Central ka kya scene h aaj?? (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)
what about kalwa to cstm (sent from Kalva)
trains are running from kasara to Dadar?
any idea about trains running from Thane to Karjat?? (sent from Bhandup)
Kurla -- > Vikroli ? (sent from Juinagar)
What is the status of thane to cst trains  (sent from Turbhe Stn.)
train status between diva to thane pls???? (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)
CST se thane Jane me train Thik hai Kya? (sent from Cst Stn.)
ghatkopar to Mulund train working?
what is d situation in Dombivali?? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
what is the status from kasara to kalyan
any announcement happen regarding that train will be stop?, any update (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)
any update for titwala to thane? (sent from Titwala Stn.)
Dombivali situation? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
Badlapur trains available or not?? From thane?? (sent from Mulund)
any update on down trains from Central line? (sent from Thane Stn.)
ठाणे दादर सेवा चालू आहेत का? (sent from Churchgate)
Thane se towards Badlapur/Karjat Trains jaa RHA h Kya? (sent from Bhandup)
kasara to Dadar trains are working?
chalu hai, risk hai, mat lo!!! (sent from Neral Stn.)
where is kasara train (sent from Asangaon Stn.)
what is current status of csmt to kasara train
Train status from Ulhasnagar ??  (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
status from kurla to csmt? (sent from Kurla Stn.)
Train status from Ulhasnagar to CSMT ??  (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
badlapur to thane is there are not ???? (sent from Thane Stn.)
what's the update of central line train for kalyan titwala (sent from Vashi)
any update about kalyan thane train?  (sent from Diva Jn)
kasara to Dadar trains are working?
what is the position towards sion (sent from Kurla Stn.)
what about dombivali to ghatkopar? (sent from Thakurli)
Trains are working from dadar to dombivali???? (sent from Dadar Stn.)
central kurla dadar chalu hai  ??? hi (sent from Govandi)
from thane to kalyan  train status??? (sent from Mulund Stn.)
Amb to thane?? (sent from Ambernath Stn.)
what is current status of csmt to kasara train.
hi what's the central line status (sent from Juinagar)
what status kurla to badalapur (sent from Gtb Nagar Stn.)
hi what's the central line status (sent from Juinagar)
are the train running on time?
dadar to badlapur train status? (sent from Malad)
any slow local towards ghatkopar frm dadar? (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
any status of train coming towards Kasara??? (sent from Kasara Stn.)
बदलापूर कल्याण ट्रेन चालू आहेत का?
kalyan to kurla train status?  (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
ठाणे ‌ते चेन्नई एक्सप्रेस २.३७ मिनिटांची आहे.. मित्रांनो प्लिज अपडेट मिळेल का? (sent from Rabale)
is central line working properly? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
thane to cst ?????
what about thane to kalyan (sent from Vashi)
what is status of central line (sent from Nahur)
but trains are running ?? (sent from Ambernath)
what about badlapur  (sent from Thane Stn.)
what is actual time of reaching Kasara?
what (sent from Titwala)
what about ambernath to thane (sent from Ambernath)
badlapur to thane train are working or not????? (sent from Thane Stn.)
r trains runing from thane to kalyan? (sent from Ghansoli)
ulhasnagar to CST? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
how much late???
dadar to badlapur status? (sent from Malad)
what was status of local train from shahad to bandup
what Is the status of Kalyan to Cst .can anyone tell me ? (sent from Vithalwadi)
thane ka kunjvihar chalu hai kya?  (sent from Matunga Road Stn.)
friends what is status of train after sion towards csmt (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
thane to dombivali train Status?  (sent from Thane)
any slow train from kalyan to dadar???
what happen guys..please give me update about this train (sent from Rabale)
what about Ambernath to cst 
plz give status from Dombivali to ghar kopar? (sent from Thakurli)
thane to Dombivli? (sent from Seawood Darave Stn.)
bhai kya haal hai train k running status ka...?
what about train from DOMBIVLI to cst
titwada train status pls???
u might go lekin aane ka kya?  (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
what status of badlapur st.
train band hai kay????? (sent from Dadar)
what about vidyavihar to thane (sent from Vidyavihar)
kurla to dadar ?? (sent from Vashi Stn.)
any news about harbour line ? 
any update from dombivli stn? (sent from Dombivli)
thane Badlapur?? (sent from Thane)
what about 12:05 thane to Karjat  (sent from Bhandup Stn.)
r trains shut of central line??? (sent from Dockyard Road Stn.)
is harbour line running ? 
any idea abt diva vasai position?
Dombivli to Cst Ka Kya Status Hai ?????  (sent from Dombivli)
Central line chalu Hai kya? (sent from Ghansoli Stn.)
any update regarding Sion station? (sent from Vidyavihar Stn.)
what is the status now from ambernath
what about bhivpuri road (sent from Bhivpuriroad Stn.)
 karjat to cstm status? (sent from Vithalwadi Stn.)
train delay between thane - Kurla? (sent from Mulund)
any update from Thane station ?? (sent from Thane Stn.)
From kalyan to Thane train is on time?  (sent from Kalyan)
ulhasnagar to ghatkopar train status? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
Central line working hai?  (sent from Santa Cruz)
metro ka koi news hai?
cst to karjat status?? (sent from Thane Stn.)
central line operating ? (sent from Elphinstone Road)
mulumd to kanjurmarg working?
central chalu hee?  (sent from Thakurli)
what's this (sent from Titwala)
trains status from thane to dadar?????
what  (sent from Titwala)
plz update ghatkopar to kalyan? (sent from Thakurli Stn.)
abhi dombivli se train chal rahi hai kya? (sent from Dombivli)
can I travel from Parel to Badlapur now, what is the status ? (sent from Elphinstone Road Stn.)
cst to thane working? (sent from Vile Parle Stn.)
for where (sent from Titwala)
kalyan to kurla train running? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
 ghatkopar se cst??? key line main kuch problem nai hena (sent from Ghatkopar)
Dadar to CST trains running fine??  (sent from Elphinstone Road)
Kalyan and Thane mein pani bhar ga ya hai kya ?? (sent from Titwala Stn.)
what about train status between thane to titwala (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)
whats the current status of trains towards CST from KALYAN STATION ? Anyone at Kalyan station please update.
What is train status (badalpur) (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
is this correct I want to go kalyan from titwala (sent from Titwala)
Dadar to CST trains running fine??  (sent from Elphinstone Road)
thane to ghatkopar .. train working?
trains are running or not ? (sent from Elphinstone Road Stn.)
what about train status between thane to titwala (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)
HI train moving toward kalyan from Thane?? 
aaj tc ticket check kr rha hai kya? 😂 (sent from Thane Stn.)
CST to Vikhroli? (sent from Marine Lines)
Ghatkopar se trains hai?
dadar to Thane status ? (sent from Dadar Stn.)
Dombivali cha train chalu aahe ka? (sent from Parel)
ulta kaise ho gaya...cst stion ambarnath pahuch gaya??
clg hai kya bidu?  (sent from Thane Stn.)
any train running towards karjat? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
thane to kalyan/titwala?
what is Badlapur status 
CST to Vikhroli ? 
are trains running from cstm?? (sent from Marine Lines Stn.)
is this train working fine between Dombivali to Ghatkopar ?? (sent from Dombivli)
what is status on sion stn? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
बदलापूर मधून ट्रेन आहे का? (sent from Badlapur)
trains from cstm?? (sent from Marine Lines Stn.)
what is current status of kasara trains (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
what is the status of train from kalyan to badlapur??? (sent from Vithalwadi)
Thane cst trains ok? (sent from Thane Stn.)
बदलापूर से ट्रेन है क्या? (sent from Badlapur)
what is status dombivli to mulund train status (sent from Ghatkopar)
what is current status in ambernath?
cst to dadar train working ? (sent from Jogeshwari)
what is the status  at karjat station ? (sent from Karjat Stn.)
are the trains crowded?? (sent from Nahur)
Kurla La Paryntch Train Chalu Hai Kya?  (sent from Mulund)
dombivli se chalu h kya train..?. (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
Sion mein pani bhara hai kya ????????? (sent from Sion)
bhai what time its taking to reach thane to dadar??  (sent from Thane)
any train travelling from kalyan to badlapur..??? (sent from Thane Stn.)
Kurla to Kalyan trains are running or not please let me know...??? (sent from Govandi)
Is the train is running towards Kalyan side (sent from Kalva)
curry road to Thane ? chalu hai Kay dear please reply (sent from Lower Parel)
Kalyan to ghatkopar?  (sent from Kalyan)
Dadar to Thana train r running or not??? (sent from Vile Parle Stn.)
are trains crossing sion / matunga ?
what about kurla to kalyan
 its safe to travel from ghatkopar to cst????  (sent from Ghatkopar)
what is the status for Dadar stations  (sent from Airoli Stn.)
what about kurla to kalyan
Are Trains running from Thane to Titwala? (sent from Borivali Stn.)
what is train status (sent from Currey Road Stn.)
what about kurla to kalyan
dadar se thane chalu hai kya?  (sent from Dadar)
what is the current status of upside trains?
cst to thane local chal Rahi hai? (sent from Cotton Green Stn.)
what is the Ghatkopar status
Kalyan to cst trains are running?? (sent from Mankhurd Stn.)
what about Thane up train? is it running?
watt abt soon?? (sent from Gtb Nagar Stn.)
badlapur  mai kya train late hai? karjat jana hai (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
trains are running or not? (sent from Dombivli)
arey gavvale karjat to cst train chalu hai kya? (sent from Vangani Stn.)
Ambernath to CST trains running?? any info?
Mulund to Shahad.... train status?? (sent from Mulund Stn.)
thane to kurla??  (sent from Nerul Stn.)
Kalyan to Thane local chal rahi hai kya? (sent from Shahad)
trains are running or not? (sent from Dombivli)
is there any problem at kalyan
what about csmt to atgaon (sent from Masjid Stn.)
thane to vikroli trains working ?
Is there water logged on tracks between Dadar to CST ?
trains are running are not? (sent from Thane Stn.)
thane to cst ?? (sent from Thane)
seriously? (sent from Mulund Stn.)
any update on Central line? matunga to thane? (sent from Kings Circle)
what about kurla to kalyan 
are trains running from dadar to thane? (sent from Kandivali Stn.)
what about karjat to Kalyan  (sent from Kalyan)
Kalyan to dadar?  (sent from Thakurli)
Any train from Kalwa?? (sent from Kalva)
oh is it??
r train running on time??? (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)
anybody is here???
train status?
thane to cst running? (sent from Mankhurd Stn.)
dadar tracks me Pani bhara hai Kya? (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
dombivli to badlapur? Can we go? (sent from Dombivli)
how you expect them to be on time. chal rhe honge wo bhi badi baat hai
koi toh batao dombivli se cst train chal rahi h..??? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
train are running towards Thane? (sent from Lower Parel)
Woh Kurla station ke Bahar idli Wala aaya Kya? (sent from Vikhroli)
kalyan to mulund train status ?
karjat to Kalyan chalu hai?  (sent from Kalyan)
what the train status from cst to Dombivli  (sent from Churchgate Stn.)
kalyan te thane sathi trains ahet ka? (sent from Kalyan)
pls update status?  (sent from Airoli Stn.)
locals frn ambernath to CST running on time??? (sent from Ambernath Stn.)
CST to Thane running? (sent from Lower Parel)
ghatkopar to karjat train chal raha hai kya? (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)
what is the train status from Kalwa to Badlapur?? (sent from Kalva)
what about trail status Thane up? (sent from Kalva Stn.)
late ya bahot late..?? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
train is working ?
ghatkopar to karjat trains r running? (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)
what about kalyan (sent from Kalyan)
central train kurla se diva chalu hai kya dosto??? (sent from Kurla)
  ghatkopar to cst trains are running?? (sent from Ghatkopar)
trains are on time? (sent from Koparkhairne)
what is train status centre line (sent from Currey Road Stn.)
sure?  (sent from Chembur Stn.)
are idli ka Kya hua? (sent from Vikhroli)
parel to cst are they running on time ? (sent from Elphinstone Road Stn.)
what status  after sandust road towards  cstm? (sent from Sandhurst Road)
dombivli to cst???
vidyavihar to dombivli? (sent from Kurla)
what about thane
what is the status of thane stn
what is the status of trains from Thane to dadar
Is there water logging at Dombivli station? (sent from Thakurli Stn.)
what is the status of trains going towards Badlapur? (sent from Lower Parel)
Central re problem hour?  (sent from Churchgate)
yaar dombivli se ulhasnagar ke liye train avalaible hai kya?
are central lines working?  (sent from Matunga Stn.)
status of Thane to kalyan??? (sent from Turbhe Stn.)
are woh Thane station k stairs wala waterfall chalu hai kya? (sent from Ghansoli)
what's the status of kurla stn
parel to kurla? trains are running? (sent from Grant Road Stn.)
central line chlu h kyaa ?? (sent from Kings Circle Stn.)
are trains working ? (sent from Thane)
dadar to thane trains are running ? (sent from Andheri)
where is karjat train (sent from Thane)
kurla to thane running?
i want to travel from kalyan to.borivali, is it okay to leave ?? are the trains running??
kalyan wali trains h kya?? (sent from Nerul Stn.)
where is Kasara  (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
centerl line chalu h kyu ??? (sent from Bhayander)
karjat To CSTM trains can Work ???
what is the current train status ... towards thane.. (sent from Vadala Road)
dombivli to cstm trains are on time?? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
kalyan te mulund train chalu ahe ka vyavstit?. 
how is the frequency of train from mulund to ghatkopar??? are the train late today??? (sent from Mulund Stn.)
is harbor line working? (sent from Vashi)
??? (sent from Vasai Road)
what about ghatkopar to kalyan? (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
m at Thane but stay in Dombivli .. office se niklu ya nahi.. trains for Dombivli hai? (sent from Thane Stn.)
Trains time pe hai ya nahi Kurla se CSMT KE LIYE?  (sent from Kurla Stn.)
what is status of dadar to vidyavihar (sent from Andheri Stn.)
what's the condition outside Kurla station?  (sent from Karjat)
train delays..?
what's the position of badlapur to dombivli
kalyan trains??? (sent from Nerul Stn.)
chai hai kya ??? (sent from Ambernath)
Dadar to Asangaon trains available hai na? (sent from Bandra)
diva to Byculla....?
what about thane to cst? (sent from Thane Stn.)
central line???  (sent from Vikhroli)
thane- Kurla ? is the line ok? (sent from Mumbra Stn.)
University jaa sakta hoon kya? Is it possible today? (sent from Karjat)
thane to cst train working or not ???
down local chalu kiya h kya?! (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
Dadar to thane train is available?  (sent from Mahim Jn)
is the train working towards karjat  (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
trains available at ambernath??
Anybody can come to your home ? as my one deliveryman is also stuck at cst. can you provide shelter to him also (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)
what is the status of karjat to csmt trains....? 
karjat  train  halu hai kya from thane?
what's the status of metro train from Ghatkopar 
any trains from CST??? (sent from Lower Parel)
is train running between Kurla to thane?? (sent from Kurla Stn.)
what about the karjat local the train has arrived till badlapur  (sent from Badlapur Stn.)
karjat trains working?  (sent from Bandra)
but how much time it took frm ulhasnagar to kalva? (sent from Cst)
what about badlapur to cst??
badlapur train?  (sent from Bandra)
what is the status from Ambernath to thane trains are their? please update  (sent from Ambernath)
thane to cst??? (sent from Mankhurd Stn.)
Is der any problem frm thane to dombivli??
what abt cst to badlapur trains?any idea? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
thane to cst??
what is current status between ghatkpa n dadar (sent from Mumbra Stn.)
vashi to catch? (sent from Vashi)
how much trains are late from thane to csmt (sent from Airoli Stn.)
what is the status from Dadar to kalyan? 
cst? (sent from Vashi)
kalyan,badlapur trains there?
what is the situation (sent from Kanjur Marg)
Badlapur se train chalu hai kya????  (sent from Badlapur Stn.)
are train running from dadar to kurla ?? (sent from Dadar)
is water login on Sion station track? (sent from Chunabhatti)
locals running ? (sent from Badlapur)
from dadar to ghatkopar chal raha hai kya??  (sent from Chinchpokli Stn.)
what is a status of train from Dadar to thane (sent from Sewri)
status of train towards kalyan? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
thane to Kalyan??? (sent from Mankhurd Stn.)
and what about panvel to thane route??
can I go to university ? I am still at Mumbra , want to go Kurla , should i go, btw any one has idea University is working today or not . (sent from Mumbra Stn.)
what is the central line train status (sent from Airoli)
is train is running between kanjur and thane?
CST to Ghatkopar train are running or not? (sent from Cst Stn.)
thane to cst.? (sent from Thane Stn.)
ghatkopar to ambernath which status
kurla to cstm train are running? (sent from Kurla Stn.)
ask on trans harbour line chat  (sent from Matunga)
CSTM  se Dombivli Train chalu hai? (sent from Cst)
thane to Kalyan trains are running??? (sent from Mankhurd Stn.)
Are trains running fine from VidyaVihar to Dadar? And what about crowd? (sent from Vidyavihar)
cst to thane train?  (sent from Currey Road)
r the trains running normal? (sent from Mulund)
Byculla se CST train chalu he kya? (sent from Mulund)
ghatkopar to ambernath which status
what about kasara line (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
Are trains working from currey Road to thane?  (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)
CST to thane train status? (sent from Vikhroli)
kalyan se titwala trn jaa raha h?? (sent from Kalyan)
dadar to Kalyan what's position (sent from Kings Circle)
any status of train going kasara?? (sent from Kasara Stn.)
Dadar CST train running? (sent from Mulund)
Kurla to Mumbra ...is that working ???? (sent from Kurla Stn.)
are the trains running properly in central line?? (sent from Airoli)
kitna late hai ? 
stop asking questions and sending meaningless messages. Read what people are saying and you will understand  (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)
why (sent from Vithalwadi)
Dombivali to Thane train chal rahi hai ? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
what about Thane and dombivali..as have to come for one meeting from borivali..is it advisable to travel?... (sent from Borivali)
cental line ka train chlu hai ky? (sent from Ghatkopar)
train status at sion? (sent from Sion Stn.)
are trains running from Ambernath towards CSTM ??
harbour line working? (sent from Andheri Stn.)
kalyan se trains chal rahe he? (sent from Kalyan)
Thane to Kalyan train? (sent from Nerul Stn.)
what is current train status (sent from Kalyan)
dombivli to mulund status plzz??? (sent from Dombivli)
what is status between dombivli and thane  (sent from Thane)
what is status about downline  (sent from Kurla)
dadar to shahad..? (sent from Vile Parle Stn.)
what is tha train status from dadar to kalyan (sent from Lower Parel)
express status towards pune?
is the train working towards karjat  (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
kalyanse train ja rahe hai kya? (sent from Kalyan)
thane se kanjurmarg? any update. (sent from Turbhe Stn.)
please give me what app number (sent from Govandi)
how to do that?  (sent from Karjat)
pune to CST indrayani train what is the position (sent from Dombivli)
Cst to Thane?  (sent from Churchgate Stn.)
any trains at दादर? 
anyone there at Badlapur? trains are running or not
trains from titwala to Kalyan working proper?
thane cst working? need to go kurla?  (sent from Thane)
Kurla to Thane?? Any updates??
kalyan to thane train status kya hai??? (sent from Kalyan)
ambernath to cst train chal rahi hai kya? 
Dadar Matunga barish ruk gayi hai kya? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
anyone there at Badlapur? trains are running or not
सायनसे कल्याणकें लिए ट्रेन चालू है क्या.....? (sent from Mahim Jn)
what about trains
how central line is running from Ambernath to Thane !?
vithalwadi to CST Kya position hai? (sent from Vithalwadi Stn.)
how is the train service from kalyan to thane (sent from Airoli Stn.)
trains from titwala to Kalyan working proper?
CST to Thane train chalu hai Kya??? (sent from Masjid Stn.)
ट्रेन हालुन राहील्या का हो भाऊ?? (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
CST to Thane train chalu hai Kya??? (sent from Masjid Stn.)
what is position thane to ambernath train timing? 
Kurla to Thane?? Any updates???
are the trains late ??? (sent from Dombivli)
hy guys what is the status of train towards CSTM
Dadar Matunga barish ruk gayi hai kya? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
trains late par are they running proper?  (sent from Thane)
????  (sent from Thane)
is it still raining beyond thane???  (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
Sion to Thane? trains working? (sent from Chunabhatti)
Dadar to masjid train is running ? (sent from Dadar Stn.)
is it central working ?
trains between thane cst running? (sent from Juinagar)
dombivali train status ? (sent from Churchgate Stn.)
any updates for down side services from thane?
is it trains are gng matunga to cst ??? (sent from Sion Stn.)
is it central line trains working especially thane to kalyan ?
is there any train in dadar... train is stoped before dadar  (sent from Sion Stn.)
are trains running fine on central ?? (sent from Boisar)
what's status of dadar to kurla? (sent from Sion Stn.)
thane to dombivli train chal raha h kya..?? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
curry road to kalyan trains chalu hai kya?  (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)
any status about dadar- to kurla line? (sent from Bandra Stn.)
what is the status16345  (sent from Nerul)
is there any issue in matunga? (sent from Boisar)
dadar to ambernath chalu hai kya? (sent from Mahim Jn)
भाऊ, मुंबई मध्ये सगळ्यात चांगली मिसळ कुठं मिळते??  (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
anyone at dadar station?please check if that bhel wala on platform no.1 is selling today or not
any1 pubg?? (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)
kitne baje Nikla tha bhai? 😂 (sent from Bandra Stn.)
Ghatkopar to Kalyan train status Plz? 
kurla --> vikroli train hai kya? (sent from Juinagar)
asangav where now (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
what does this mean? trains Workin or not? 2 dots after no are confusing 😋 (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)
kanjurmarg to dadar chalu hai Kya? (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)
is there central railway working  (sent from Vile Parle)
is csmt-kalyan line running on time? (sent from Churchgate)
what current status? (sent from Badlapur)
central line status? (sent from Reay Road)
what's status of trains now at 1pm from cst toward kalyan titwala... R trains running  (sent from Cst)
CST train running or not? (sent from Bhandup Stn.)
what's status as rain stop  (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
what about central line (sent from Kandivali Stn.)
what about kalwa cstm train status (sent from Kalva)
kalyan to thane any updates pls ? (sent from Kalyan)
ambernath ke liye  local chalu hai  kya?  please reply. (sent from Navade Road)
any train from badlapur or karjat for thane? (sent from Ambernath Stn.)
are the slow trains coming from CST? 
thakurli to ghatkopar train available?  (sent from Thakurli Stn.)
भोकात गेला पाऊस....चला मिसळ खायला कोन कोन येनार?? एखाद्या मस्त मिसळवाल्याचं नाव सांगा.  😃 (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
Are the trains from Thane to Ghatkopar running? (sent from Vashi)
how is local train running in cr (sent from Elphinstone Road Stn.)
tommows indrayani express and Deccan express are cancelled?? (sent from Dombivli)
are trains on time? (sent from Vashi)
Mulund to vidyavihar train chalu hai kya? ja sakte hai  (sent from Turbhe Stn.)
where is karjat slow local  (sent from Mumbra Stn.)
Central line is running properly? 
kalyan to thane?  (sent from Ambernath)
bhilog thane se dombivli chal raha h kya..?? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
what is status of 1 : 02 cst train from vasind? (sent from Vasind Stn.)
diva to thane chalu hai kya..? should i leave for office..? (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)
How are train running in central lines
thene me water logging h ky?? (sent from Badlapur Stn.)
current status from Kalyan to CST ? (sent from Thane Stn.)
thakurli to dadar train status plz?  (sent from Thakurli)
how much train delay (sent from Ambernath)
is train working from Parel station ?
thane kurla?  (sent from Thane)
train is running or not
RAI ??  (sent from Mumbra Stn.)
i need to travel to Thane from Ambernath are trains running? 
hi i want to go from wadala road to koparkhairane which train is confertable (sent from Chembur Stn.)
is Sion bridge closed?
 what status kalyan to CST train? (sent from Borivali)
train Status from byculla to CST?  (sent from Byculla)
which side?  are they working towards Thane?  (sent from Chembur Stn.)
Belapur to kurla train running?  (sent from Belapur Cbd)
what about kurla to cst (sent from Kurla Stn.)
train status? (sent from Vidyavihar)
dadar to thane route is fine?? (sent from Mulund)
how about Dadar Sion and Matunga (sent from Dadar Stn.)
what is train position on ulhasnagar railway station
thane to ulhasnagar trains chalri h kya ? 
is sion Bridge closed?
Trains chalu hai kya?
ambernath train chalu h kya??? (sent from Titwala Stn.)
who r at thane now (sent from Thakurli Stn.)
Hey! Anyone at Dombivli that can update the status? (sent from Dombivli)
Trains chalu hai kya? (sent from Thane)
kayan to cst trains ???
are trains on time from thane to karjat? (sent from Thane Stn.)
is slow track train running properly? (sent from Cst Stn.)
Thane se down trains chal rahe hai??
whether train are running at than?? (sent from Shahad Stn.)
 status about karjat train ?? (sent from Badlapur Stn.)
what was so funny in that (sent from Thakurli Stn.)
what is the status of trains... from ghatkopar towards kalyan (sent from Ghatkopar)
Train chal rahi h kya??
tambade! visarlas?😒 (sent from Rabale Stn.)
what is the status of trans harbour ? (sent from Vithalwadi Stn.)
kalyan to thane chalu hai kya? (sent from Thakurli)
Thane to dombivali trains chalu hai kya?  (sent from Dombivli)
Mumbra to Cst How much time? (sent from Mumbra)
😂 😂 😂 Thane me kon kon atka hai?? Chalo momos khane 
mumbra K sttn pai gardi Hey kya? (sent from Mumbra)
is there any slow train frm kalyan
whether trains are running to karat ? (sent from Vashi)
is any train running towards dombivli? 
any train from amb to dadar? (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)
cst to badlapur trian chalu hai ? (sent from Elphinstone Road Stn.)
train chalu hai kya? (sent from Cst)
trains running on time??
where is thane karjat.  12.28 from dombivali (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
kasara set local chalu Hain Kya towards CST ??
mumbra to cst trains chal rai hai kya baraber??
is there crowd in trains from VidyaVihar to Dadar? and now frequently are they coming? (sent from Vidyavihar)
Thane to dombivali trains chalu hai kya?  (sent from Dombivli)
what is the mail train status (sent from Titwala Stn.)
what about status on Dadar Station towards thane  (sent from Vadala Road)
Hi All, what's the status of trains running on Central, Harbour and Western Lines?
what is the status of central line (sent from Belapur Cbd Stn.)
hey heavy rainfall s der ?
nywer heavy rainfall ?
trains are running?
dadar to Thane trains are working? (sent from Matunga Road)
पुढे जाऊन अडकणार तर नाही? (sent from Badlapur Stn.)
what is status (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)
what is train status from dadar to ambernath (sent from Jogeshwari)
kasara/asangao vrun cst trains aahet ka?? 1hr pasun stn vr aahe.. (sent from Asangaon Stn.)
what is status of Kasara - Csmt?
what is the status of trains from diva to thane? (sent from Kalva)
what about Ghatkopar to csmt. slow (sent from Kurla)
thane to csmt trains are working?  (sent from Airoli Stn.)
what about CST (sent from Churchgate)
is the trains are running in central line (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)
Ghatkopar to ambernath trains are working?  (sent from Andheri)
what about dadar to thane ??
what about Kalyan station is there water logging (sent from Cst)
train staus from ghatkoper to dombivali??
GHATKOPAR to  Thane train  is working or not 
Mulund to cst working? (sent from Mulund Stn.)
dadar to thane chalu h???
what is updated status of central local trains (sent from Mumbai Central)
badlapur to thane k trains any update?
 what about khopoli train (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
byculla se thane trains are running? (sent from Sandhurst Road Stn.)
dadar se aage train जा rahi है क्या...???  (sent from Dadar Stn.)
trains working from Kanjurmarg to Thane???
how much time trains are late
trains from dadar to cst chal raha he..? please reply 
dadar thane???
Mulund to badlapur Jana possible hai? (sent from Mulund Stn.)
bhaai log dombivali to ghaatkopar chalu h kya? (sent from Thakurli)
what is the current train status?
Pooja Iyer u r from Mulund ???
thane to Vikhroli ? (sent from Thane)
kalyan - Vidyavihar ? (sent from Kalyan)
pls confirm cst to dombivali...? (sent from Goregaon)
what about Western railway???? (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)
dadar to cst is train working? please reply... 
central line trains are working???  (sent from Andheri)
are central railways working? (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)
how would it be uniform if people are at different station? people towards dadar may be stuck while people in Kalyan are facing delays while somewhere in between the indicators might have changed to match the delayed times. (sent from Airoli Stn.)
thane to badlapur trains are there? (sent from Badlapur Stn.)
Vikhroli to titwala train chalu he kya? (sent from Vikhroli)
thane to shahad trn status? (sent from Airoli)
dadar to cst is train working?... please reply anyone 
Kalyan to CST train chalu hai kya  ?
curry road to kanjurmarg train status? (sent from Currey Road Stn.)
khopoli train status? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
what is the status of Khopoli fast train??  (sent from Thane Stn.)
trains from dadar to cst working? please reply 
kalyan se thane gaadi chalu h kya? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
diva to vasaie chalu ahe ka?  (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)
Too hay kaham????  (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
khopoli? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
up trains are there? 
nothing is wrong we are in a train which was start from thane 10.35 and we still at masjid (sent from Sandhurst Road Stn.)
Dombivali  se koi fast train hai?  (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
any update from Neral to Thane? (sent from Neral Stn.)
trains are runing between CST to dombivli or not
there is any one travel from thane to badlapur? and whats the current status about that
are kasara trains running smoothly???
karjat to CST trains chalu hai kya???
where train arrives started from Thane for asangaon (sent from Asangaon Stn.)
what the status about thane to titwala
where is kasara train
thane to cst train ka kya status hai?? (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)
any update from ambernath to cst???  (sent from Ghansoli)
karjat to CST ??????? pls
what's the status of trains from ulhasnagar to thane  (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
kurla to Thane? (sent from Chunabhatti)
what about train from thane to bhandup ? (sent from Rabale Stn.)
what's the status of train from kurla to thane (sent from Chunabhatti)
where all thane CST Dadar users today when they are required (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
what's the status from Dadar to kalyan root... 
really???
CST to Kalyan train chal rahi hai ? (sent from Dockyard Road Stn.)
Kalyan to kanjur local is working? (sent from Dombivli)
status ? (sent from Elphinstone Road)
 ‌Anybody outside dombival station please update if anna selling idli dosa today?
anyone there ? (sent from Airoli Stn.)
are there any trains for cst from thane guys??
vt se gadiya hain kya ??  (sent from Churchgate)
train curry rd se ja rahe hai kya? (sent from Lower Parel)
central line status?
what is the status of CR now (sent from Vikhroli)
I m in cst 🚆 which is 1 hr let  (sent from Vikhroli)
I m in cst 🚆 which is 1 hr let 
Remya Venkatkrishnan   I mean to say if der s delay Dan it shud b 20-30 mins but der s some 1 who mentioned 10:51 took CST from badlapur n reached now almost 3 hrs late  (sent from Vikhroli)
central line Ghatkopar to thane status?
Remya Venkatkrishnan   I mean to say if der s delay Dan it shud b 20-30 mins but der s some 1 who mentioned 10:51 took CST from badlapur n reached now almost 3 hrs late  (sent from Vikhroli)
Badlapur Kalyan status? (sent from Badlapur)
Thane to matunga status?  (sent from Thane)
Thane to dombivli trains available or not?? (sent from Nerul Stn.)
koi batayega mujhe bhi karjat ki train kaha pauchi hai? (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)
any update about karjat khopoli trains??? (sent from Cotton Green Stn.)
slow trains to CST working?  (sent from Matunga Stn.)
KURLA TO THANE STATUS ? (sent from Sion Stn.)
Pooja whom u r abusing  (sent from Vikhroli)
Are train running properly? (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)
for Govt Employee ??? (sent from Vikhroli)
what's the condition of kurla station 
whre he declared??? (sent from Thakurli)
kaun hai tu?? hai kaun?? (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)
Are Thane to Ghatkopar trains running on time? 
are trains available from Kalyan to Ghatkopar?
dadar se kurla Chalo hai Kya? (sent from Khar Road Stn.)
kalyan se sion tk koi trn h ky? (sent from Kalyan)
ठाणे ते कल्याण गाडी चालू आहे का...? (sent from Kalva)
what's the status of trn??     (sent from Shelu)
what about cst train (sent from Airoli Stn.)
asangao to CST any train?? (sent from Asangaon Stn.)
karjat train chlu hai kya?? (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)
are trains running from dadar to chembur? (sent from Grant Road Stn.)
Sion Matunga ka kya status? (from curry road) (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)
what about dadar to kurla ??? (sent from Khar Road Stn.)
what a status (sent from Kanjur Marg)
fast trains r working ? (sent from Masjid Stn.)
any update about ghatkopar to amb train? (sent from Ambernath)
what about dadar to kurla??? (sent from Khar Road Stn.)
is there any problem between thane to badlapur  (sent from Badlapur)
what update d'you need (sent from Thane Stn.)
half people are telling trains are late, half people say trains are stacked. what's the actual status?
how is the train timings status between Thane and a kalyan?  (sent from Ambivli)
 train cst aa rhi hai Kya?? (sent from Sandhurst Road Stn.)
dadar to mulund??
Trains chalu ahet ki nahi? (sent from Dadar Stn.)
status of ghatkopar to thane ?
are trains FROM csmt on time? (sent from Chinchpokli Stn.)
khopoli on the way? (sent from Ambernath Stn.)
Bhai Bhiwandi tak train chal rahi hai kya??
ghatkopar to ambarnath status? (sent from Vikhroli)
is diva vasai passenger is running today.....? (sent from Bhiwandi Road)
ghatkopar to dadar ??? (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
Thane to badlapur ka train chalu hai kya?  (sent from Badlapur)
matunga me kch wires tutne ki baat nikli thi  afvah h kya?
hey no offence, but what are you doing in kanjur station for to long (sent from Thane Stn.)
are trains running from cst to thane? (sent from Cst Stn.)
thanks..and I would like to request others that refrain from asking questions...comment only if you are at station or on train..Thank you
dombivli to thane train running or not??? plz rly (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
where is asangaon semi fast now
towards Kalyan trains update? (sent from Govandi Stn.)
Thane to ambernath train working ??? (sent from Turbhe)
thane to Ghatkopar train service kaisi hai..??? (sent from Ghansoli Stn.)
hi pls udate trains are running properly or not
thane to klyn???????
thakurli to kanjur train working?  (sent from Thakurli Stn.)
towards kalyan is ok na? (sent from Mulund Stn.)
what is the status from Kuala to dadar
Devgiri express Ka status Kay hai? 
Pooja Iyer neenga vandu enna panaral ? padippa or velaiya (sent from Vikhroli)
what's the status for kurla
Kurla to thane any updates?  (sent from Nahur)
trains are working or not? (sent from Vadala Road)
what's the status of train from Ambernath to kurla (sent from Ambernath)
what is status towards cst either slow or fast  (sent from Mahalakshmi)
do deen se mumbra mein light nahi   . toh train kya chale ? (sent from Mumbra Stn.)
?  (sent from Thakurli Stn.)
kurla to ghatkopar chalu ahe ka? (sent from Kharghar)
Karjat to Kalyan ??
dadar se kalyan is it working? (sent from Santa Cruz Stn.)
is dombivli to thane train working??? (sent from Thakurli Stn.)
central line ki train time pe hai kya?
kyu shaadi karega??? (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)
what about down train (sent from Dadar Stn.)
haha. really. you work in a caching class ? (sent from Thane Stn.)
what about down train (sent from Dadar Stn.)
cst to andheri train chalu hei??
train From Ulhasnagar to thane chalu hai?  (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
Kurla to thane any updates?  (sent from Nahur)
ghatkopar to thane?  (sent from Ghatkopar)
is there water logging now in matunga, siin, kurla?  (sent from Masjid)
train kitne late hai??
what are you studying then. I mean being in office. 🤔 (sent from Thane Stn.)
what status between kalwa to kanjurmarg (sent from Kalva Stn.)
due to heavy rain? where is raining now? (sent from Ambernath)
down side trains time pe hai kya? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
give me a running status of 12:56 asangon  fast train which cross asangon at 12:56 PM 
What is the position of trains on Central line ??
why Pooja (sent from Airoli Stn.)
what about up trains
are train operational on central line to go from Thane to Diva?
what about train status  in karjat
Kurla se ambernath kya status h?  (sent from Ambernath)
what is statua from kurla to kalya
where is the Kalyan #slow local
1:35 cstm train what status (sent from Kalva Stn.)
any trains for karjat ? (sent from Karjat Stn.)
sinhgad express will arriving or not ?
towards cst? (sent from Mankhurd Stn.)
up trains working or not??? (sent from Masjid Stn.)
ghatkopar to dombivli train status?  (sent from Dombivli)
hi trains from Mulund to CST? 
can anybody honestly confirm the status for GHATKOPAR to KARJAT trains ?
What is the status of Dombivli station ? to go to CST? (sent from Kopar Stn.)
took 4 hrs from kalyan to CSMT. started at 10am. is it signal problem? (sent from Cst Stn.)
what is status badlapur thane train  (sent from Badlapur)
are train from Ghatkopar to thane are working?
what about karjat train of 1.33 from kurla  (sent from Kurla Stn.)
what is the status between trains running from pune to mumbau
thane dadar train strate or not...? 
is there train going for badlapur (sent from Vikhroli)
train from Ghatkopar to Kalyan r running or halted ?
Can I reach ambernath  safely?  from dadar (sent from Lower Parel)
what is centre line train status (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)
status of trains towards kalyan?
who told cM declare holiday nonsense  (sent from Seawood Darave)
just left dude. did you miss it ? (sent from Thane Stn.)
why reason please (sent from Airoli Stn.)
are trains from thane to dadar running on time?
What about central train  (sent from Rabale Stn.)
is there train from cst to thane running??? (sent from Masjid Stn.)
trains are running or its stuck? (sent from Kanjur Marg)
what about transharbour? are trains running or not? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
Kanjurmarg to Cst Working..? 
what is status from Kurla to Kalyan? (sent from Kurla)
thank you so much! but are trains running?  (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
which train is not running (sent from Mulund Stn.)
Ghatkopar se badlpur ke liye koi gaadi hai kya ?
what is the status towords karjat
what about kurla to thane?? (sent from Kurla)
is there train towards dadar
kurla to thane ? (sent from Kurla Stn.)
how about train (sent from Mumbra Stn.)
central line train on time h kya ki late h ? please ans (sent from Goregaon Stn.)
are trains running between kurla to dadar?
Cst to Kalyan trains are working ?? (sent from Mulund)
kalyan to dader working?
मध्य रेल्वे चालू आहे का सायन वरून घाटकोपर ला जायला?? (sent from Sion Stn.)
how long is the delay? (sent from Kalva)
cst to kalyan is working?
status of trains from dadar to CST? (sent from Dadar Stn.)
currey road to thane is working ? (sent from Lower Parel)
what about Dadar to vikhroli (sent from Mahim Jn Stn.)
are trains on time? (sent from Cst)
what about down trains? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
pls tell me curry road to thane working ? (sent from Lower Parel)
towards kalyan or towards cst? 
can someone please tell me kurla to thane are running properly or not? (sent from Kurla)
 kitna late h train? 
from kalyan?? 
Thane Titwala local chalu he kya?  (sent from Belapur Cbd Stn.)
towards thane from.CsT working ? (sent from Lower Parel)
train late hai kya abhi bhi..?? (sent from Cst Stn.)
any train from thane to cst??????? (sent from Nahur Stn.)
what wire? overhead?
train status???
I have a meeting at 3:45 can I reach Dadar ? (sent from Kalva)
what is d frequency of train from Dadar to ghatkoper (sent from Matunga Road Stn.)
is thane toh kurla trains shut? (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)
what is a status of thane to Dadar local?
kurla to dadar??? (sent from Kurla Stn.)
Kalyan to Dadar? (sent from Kalyan)
bhai aaj ghar pohach payege kya? (sent from Cst)
what is status of thane to cst? (sent from Airoli Stn.)
where is khopoli train  (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)
what's the status of Karjat fast   (sent from Kurla Stn.)
how much time is train late (sent from Cst)
dadar to kurla?? (sent from Elphinstone Road Stn.)
is it raining heavily at between dadar kurla? (sent from Vikhroli)
wat is d status of cst to karjat train? (sent from Neral Stn.)
what is the situation at sion Station  (sent from Bhandup Stn.)
सायन ते कुर्ला चालू आहे का ट्रेन्स? (sent from Sion Stn.)
what is the status of trains kurla to thane? (sent from Kurla Stn.)
can anyone tell what is the status of train from dombivli (sent from Dombivli)
what is the status of dadar to badlapur  (sent from Chunabhatti)
what is status of train between CST to Kalyan (sent from Churchgate Stn.)
what is the status of dadar to badlapur  (sent from Chunabhatti)
what is the status of dadar to badlapur  (sent from Chunabhatti)
what's about csmt to karjat train (sent from Thane Stn.)
Dadar station train running on time ? (sent from Goregaon Stn.)
what about train from Thane to go to Ghatkopar  (sent from Kalva)
ulhasnagar stn pe paani bhara hai kya?
what about thane to Dombivli?? (sent from Rabale)
at ghatkopar stn waiting for 1:37 karjat train can any1 can help wer it's reached?  (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
what abt curry road to ghatkopar (sent from Currey Road Stn.)
vik to mumbra? (sent from Vikhroli)
train is on time or not? (sent from Ghatkopar)
what about thane to dombivli  (sent from Airoli Stn.)
Matunga king circle me pani bhara hai kya???
cst to thane .... update pls ?  (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)
are train late?? (sent from Kanjur Marg)
mumbra to cst? (sent from Masjid Stn.)
what about Kurla to Kalyan ? (sent from Chunabhatti)
what about badlapur to CST locals (sent from Badlapur Stn.)
what about central line train status? (sent from Goregaon Stn.)
what about Thane to Kalyan? 
Mumbra to CST is running? 
hw much late? (sent from Thane Stn.)
how much late (sent from Kanjur Marg)
what an about down trains (sent from Koparkhairne Stn.)
what about trains towards kalyan
What about CST to Kalyan (sent from Byculla)
1:46 asangaon at thane is how much late?? (sent from Thane Stn.)
trains at vidyavihar?  (sent from Vidyavihar Stn.)
Are you official a railway people? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
दादर - कल्याण कोकल ट्रेन वेळेवर आहेत का ? (sent from Vidyavihar)
Thane to CST any update??
what status about diva Vasai road (sent from Vikhroli)
anyone got train to cst before thane stn? like Kalwa Mumbra Dombivli  (sent from Thane Stn.)
mulund  to  badlapur trains are running...? (sent from Mulund)
Thane station water logged?
@central line. what's the status of trains going towards dadar from Vikhroli?  (sent from Chunabhatti)
Sion station water logged ?
what is the status of CST to Kalyan? (sent from Churchgate)
Is the trains running properly b/w cst and kanjurmarg. I am arriving mumbai tommorow early morning... wll the trains be available? Pls this is urgent
Any updates from CST to kalyan? (sent from Churchgate)
Kalyan to thane??
what is the status of cst trains?? (sent from Thane)
what's the status now? (sent from Vikhroli)
is central line is running ? (sent from Chembur)
Ghatkoper to kalyan.. Trains are working or not? 
ghatkopar to thane? (sent from Andheri)
any update for trains from kalyak to cst?
where is the 1:53 karjat at a moment  (sent from Thane Stn.)
how are trains running at central line (sent from Jogeshwari)
any train started from CST to karjat route?? (sent from Cst Stn.)
thane to kurla trains are working or not ??? (sent from Thane Stn.)
what's the train status traveling from Thane to dadar (sent from Thane)
any status about Karjat Train? (sent from Thane Stn.)
Thane to ambarnath is ok? (sent from Turbhe)
train chalu hai from cst to thane? (sent from Masjid Stn.)
thane to cst where is train (sent from Thane Stn.)
anyone got train from Kalyan or thakurli ?? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
CST to karjat khopoli any updates? At least till kalyan? anyone travelling on the route? (sent from Churchgate)
What is the status of kurla to Dadar?  (sent from Vadala Road Stn.)
what about dombivali to thane???
What is status from kurla to dombivli? (sent from Santa Cruz)
what is the status of central line  (sent from Seawood Darave Stn.)
Ghatkopar to Kalyan का status Plz? 
Ulhasnagar te thane trains chalu aahet ka kiti time late aahet ?  (sent from Nerul)
thane to dadar and dadar to borivali status plz? (sent from Kalva)
what is status of vikhroli to dadar (sent from Vikhroli)
???? (sent from Dadar Stn.)
What is status from kurla to dombivli? (sent from Santa Cruz)
Thane to cstm slow train status ???? (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)
what about kurla to thane?
what about CST to thane (sent from Manasarovar)
what about for Dombivali to thane???
how about train towards thane  (sent from Chunabhatti)
what's train status ? (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
what is the current status at Sion Matunga, still heavy water logging is there? (sent from Marine Lines Stn.)
how much time?  (sent from Nerul)
dadar to thane ? (sent from Lower Parel)
what about Kalyan to Dadar (sent from Ambernath Stn.)
what is the train status towards thane from badlapur (sent from Badlapur Stn.)
mumbra se c.s.t ka Kiya haal hai??? (sent from Mumbra Stn.)
Ghatkopar thane ? (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
hi friends what's the latest news of Central news  (sent from Elphinstone Road)
kurla se ambernath runnig properly? (sent from Govandi)
ghatkopar to csmt trains running on time? (sent from Vidyavihar)
what is status of sion station
what about kurla to thane?
where is khopoli Trina (sent from Neral)
is any train (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)
Thana to ambernath what is status
mi cst train pakadli ahe khopoli varun ...ti train purna cst paryant janar ahe ? (sent from Palasdhari)
kitna hai??
Ghatkopar to Kalyan train are running?
what about karkat train ?fast track there is no train from 1hr (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
ghatkopar to cst, trains  are runnig?? 
Ghatkopar towards CST train running?? plz reply
are trains on time ? (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)
are the trains running from kurla to dadar? (sent from Sion Stn.)
कसारा से ठाणे लोकल ट्रेन चल राहा है ?
how much late
what is current status from thana to ghatkoar
diva to cst trains available hai kya? (sent from Dativali Stn.)
whats d status between Thane to CST up line?
whats the status of 2:24 local from badlapur to csmt? (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)
where is khopoli trian (sent from Neral Stn.)
what is the status of kurla to thane trains  (sent from Tilak Nagar Stn.)
what about Karjat local?? (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
कोन आहे का स्टेशन ला?
where is karjat local 2:20 is time in ulhasnagar  (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)
what are train status (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
ambarnath down local chal rahi h ky ? (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)
dombivali se ulhasnagar jaane main chalu hai kya trn..??
what is a status from kalyan to cst
train status kya hai central ka,?? (sent from Gtb Nagar)
central down local chalu h ky ? (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)
what the starus of local train of central line
since how long ??? (sent from Goregaon)
dadar stn k bahar paani bhara hai kya? 
Thakurli to thane? 
what about thane to ambernath
water logging outside dadar stn? 
after parel station no guarantee how much late coz me n my friend other train stuck.....slow slow trains (sent from Chinchpokli Stn.)
Dadar to Dombivili train status?  (sent from Matunga Stn.)
how train movement from ghatkopar to Kalyan (sent from Jogeshwari)
Kalyan To CTMT chalu hai ??? (sent from Vithalwadi)
any status for Karjat Train? (sent from Thane Stn.)
train chalky ahet last?
hoax, I myself heard announcements of trains getting cancelled when I was at csmt 30 mins ago (sent from Churchgate)
are trains working from CST to badlapur?? (sent from Goregaon)
any update of trains moving towards Kalyan titwala how much delay???  (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
why late asangaon train  (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
How's train bet dadar to csmt  (sent from Kings Circle Stn.)
ghatkoper to badlapur trains are running or not
are there any trains for Karjat now? (sent from Thane Stn.)
now where asangaon train (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
sandhust road to thane train running? (sent from Charni Road)
what is the current status from Ghatkopar to Kalyan (sent from Ghatkopar)
wats d status from ghatkopar to dadar?
 kurla se downside chalu he train?? (sent from Chunabhatti)
is the train running between Dadar and Kalyan (sent from Jogeshwari)
what's the status of Thane to ambernath?? (sent from Rabale)
is it flooded outside dadar Station? 
what is the status of 1:25 CST from diva?  (sent from Mumbra Stn.)
because of raining yesterday my wallet got wet and my railway pass got spoil I went to ticket counter to remove a new pass since it's raining I was not carrying my original hard copy with me but I shown them original photo copy which was in my mobile and asked to give a monthly pass but they denied. (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)
is train from cst to virar working? (sent from Sandhurst Road Stn.)
any status?? (sent from Thane Stn.)
is it safe to travel to thane ?
are there or not
thane-ghatkopar chalu aahe ka?  (sent from Kharghar Stn.)
train ke fan chalu hai kya?
any status about karjat? (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)
train ke fan chalu hai kya?
what's is station status of parel (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
I caught 11.46am train from Thane, which is now crossed Masjid station and will reach to CSMT probably in next few minutes. 
are the central trains running ? (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)
late matlab normally hote hai utna hi na?
R there any train from thane to kasara?
what about ambernath to thane (sent from Ambernath Stn.)
ac lagwa de aap ke liye?  (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)
cst to dadar on time chal raha hai kya?? (sent from Byculla Stn.)
water logging? anywhere on tracks? (sent from Chunabhatti)
thane se train aari hai kya? thane-ghatkopar chalu hai? (sent from Kharghar)
train are running or stop ? (sent from Bhandup)
i m at dadar not to reach thane as soon as possible should i go by fast or slow train?? (sent from Dadar Stn.)
Thane to kalyan train is there or not? 
THANE to kanjurmarg route is clear?  (sent from Mumbra Stn.)
what about thane to kasara 2:04.? (sent from Thane Stn.)
dadar to cst status? (sent from Dadar Stn.)
what is status starting from curry road (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)
what about karjat train (sent from Thane Stn.)
what about cstm to thane??? (sent from Masjid Stn.)
trains in central line normal now?  (sent from Seawood Darave Stn.)
kalya to thane is going? (sent from Kalyan)
where is kasara (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
thane-ghatkopar? (sent from Belapur Cbd Stn.)
kurla to thane train are working? (sent from Kurla)
central line me barish bohot h kya? (sent from Goregaon Stn.)
trains from Thane to andheri running?  (sent from Mulund)
is train are running from Kalyan to CST???
dadar se ambernath train chalu hai kya?  (sent from Dadar Stn.)
Dadar Kanjurmarg train is ther ??? (sent from Goregaon)
how much late trains are working on Central line? r they crowded? (sent from Kurla)
Any update abt ghatkopar to ambernath station?? (sent from Ghatkopar)
Central vidyavihar-csmt chalu? pls help have a friend stuck at vidyavihar school. she is a teacher.  (sent from Seawood Darave Stn.)
 what is train position now (sent from Vikhroli)
ghatkopar to dombvali ? (sent from Masjid Stn.)
train status from dombivli to ulhasnagar?
what is the status of ambarnath to thane trains??
are kasara to kalyan locals operational? (sent from Kalyan)
CST to dombivli chalu aahe ka?
is any train working from CST to thane  (sent from Cst)
please give train status between dadar to kalyan ? (sent from Andheri)
Mulund te badlapur trains chalu aahet ka....????? (sent from Mulund)
2:42 csmt to asangaon train csmt se nikli kya? (sent from Byculla Stn.)
where is kasara? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
where is thane
Guys, what's the current status?? (sent from Kurla)
dadar stn k bahar paani bhara haibkya? 
where there  is kunjvihar (sent from Sandhurst Road)
dadar se ambernath train chalu hai kya?  (sent from Dadar Stn.)
are trains late from Thane to cst? (sent from Thane Stn.)
dadar stn k bahar paani bhara hai kya? 
thane to kalyan chalu h kia? (sent from Airoli Stn.)
Kalyan se thane train chlri hai kya? (sent from Kalyan)
सि ए टी ते कल्याण ट्रेन चालू आहे का ? (sent from Dockyard Road)
guyz train for domibali is working?  (sent from Mira Road)
is train working ? (sent from Vidyavihar Stn.)
Karjat khopoli train chalu ahe ka? (sent from Khopoli)
how to reach Majiwada by local
what about thane airoli train ? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
is train working? (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)
train are working between csmt to bhandup..?? (sent from Nahur)
where did u get this update (sent from Sandhurst Road)
status of cst to kasara tr???  (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
curry road to Kurla? (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)
are trains running from dadar to kurla ? (sent from Khandeshwar)
what is the status of ambarnath to thane trains??
should i go from dadar to  Currey road or Lower parel ...can any 1 tell me as i m in Fast train will reach Thane in 10 minutes ???? (sent from Diva Jn)
sach mein kya..??anybody  please reply soon (sent from Jogeshwari)
are trains to thane from csmt on time? (sent from Chunabhatti)
thane to ghatkopar trains late hai Kya ?? (sent from Airoli Stn.)
vat to dombivali is train working ?? (sent from Cst)
ghatkopr se thane train suru hai kya?
when will trains start ? (sent from Churchgate)
are trains late..? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
are trains available from dadar to thane?? (sent from Grant Road Stn.)
Kalyan to thane train chal thi h kya? (sent from Kalyan)
kasara or asangav ab konse st par he... kalyan kab tak aayegi??  (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
are fast trains running frm kalyan to cst ??
current status??
Cst to Kalyan ?? (sent from Mulund)
is there water logging  (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
are down local on time ??
why cany railways shut for some time people ate sitting like fools for three hrs...i left kalyan around 12 and still travelling for cst...  (sent from Sandhurst Road Stn.)
I have to travel from Nasik to dadar today evening in Tapovan express. should I travel or no? 
what about Kasara? cancel hai kya😠 (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
r all the trains running on time ? (sent from Mulund)
what is time now for local 
what is the status of kasar karjat trains from CST (sent from Cotton Green Stn.)
are trains working from Dadar to kalyan? (sent from Bhayander)
status of dadar to thane ??? (sent from Elphinstone Road Stn.)
train status kurla to thane? (sent from Tilak Nagar)
thane to cstm slow any update? (sent from Thane Stn.)
Is kasara line working? Want to go titwala (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
where cst (sent from Mumbra Stn.)
R trains working fine? I need to travel from Sion to Lower Parel.  (sent from Sion Stn.)
Is kasara line working? Want to go titwala (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
CST se train chalu he kya? (sent from Churchgate Stn.)
kurla to matunga?? (sent from Kurla Stn.)
trains late hai kya?
kurla to Matunga??? (sent from Kurla Stn.)
Dombivali to Thane Working?
what is the status on diva station
are train running from thane to Ghatkopar? 
is slow train working...? 
kurla to thane train chalu h kya? (sent from Airoli Stn.)
CST to thane? (sent from Churchgate Stn.)
sion ke aage train he kya? (sent from Mulund Stn.)
is there any train towards karjat (sent from Ambernath Stn.)
status on Kurla to vikhroli trains? (sent from Kurla)
anyone form katjat fast train??? (sent from Thane Stn.)
is it flooded outside dadar stn? 
asangaon fast kidher hai..?? (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
central line trains chalu hai?
Dadar se vidyavihar Ka payenge kya? (sent from Dadar Stn.)
thane to bhandup train chalu ahe ka?
trains from khopoli running? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
trn from thane to shahad? (sent from Airoli)
what is status of train from dadar to thane (sent from Dadar Stn.)
is train  running from cst to kalyan ? (sent from Kalyan)
cst to kalyan train chalu hai kaya? (sent from Churchgate Stn.)
ghatkopar to Mulund working??  (sent from Elphinstone Road Stn.)
Dadar se vidyavihar Ka sakte hai? (sent from Dadar Stn.)
Is this confirm news (sent from Cst)
No tr towards kasara route...? plz kisiko pata he kya current status about kasara route (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
what about ghatkoper to matunga (sent from Ghatkopar)
is cst - thane train working?? (sent from Grant Road Stn.)
what is train running status between cst and kalyan (sent from Churchgate Stn.)
dadar se diva train chal rhi hi kya? (sent from Grant Road Stn.)
what about Thane to Kalyan  (sent from Vikhroli)
thane to dombivali  running? 
Kasara? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
mulund p pani bhara hua h kya? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
what is the status ri8 now
central and trans harbor status? (sent from Koparkhairne)
is CST- DOMBIVALI TRAIN WORKING??? (sent from Grant Road Stn.)
Pragati Express is on time? (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)
thane to dombivli trains shuru hai kya??
train is on time or not????  (sent from Turbhe)
wht is the status for kalyan to cst  ??
kalyan se dombivli train chalu hai kya?(send from kalyan stn) (sent from Kalyan)
thane to kurla trains r running na?  (sent from Thane Stn.)
Why train is delay  (sent from Thane Stn.)
what is the status from mulund to cst ?
dadar to diva chalu hi train? (sent from Grant Road Stn.)
ghatcopr to thane? any train update
what is the status of sion station (sent from Churchgate)
are trains running from thane to vikhroli?
is it still raining at kurla and dadar? (sent from Vikhroli)
what is the status for trains from thane to ambernath ?? (sent from Ghansoli)
cst Thane trains are running??  (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)
dombivali to cst are running?? (sent from Chinchpokli Stn.)
is train towards kalyan running or not??
is it still raining at kurla and dadar? (sent from Vikhroli)
train from thane to Kalyan is on time? (sent from Belapur Cbd Stn.)
ghatkopar to kalyan status?  (sent from Vikhroli)
still raining?? in parel N all (sent from Churchgate)
cstm to thane what's is status  (sent from Sandhurst Road Stn.)
trains running towards Thane???
train running or not 
kasara? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
are the trains running towards thane ? (sent from Chinchpokli Stn.)
what is status of train from kurla to kansara..... (sent from Chunabhatti Stn.)
where is 2:20 slow train towards CST (sent from Mulund Stn.)
belapur varun Thane ahet Ka? (sent from Belapur Cbd Stn.)
status cst to kalyan train.?
how are trains running to cstm (sent from Badlapur Stn.)
Dombivali to Thane?
status towards kalyan?  (sent from Vikhroli)
मुंबई छत्रपति शिवाजी महाराज टर्मिनस से ठाणे के बीच लोकल ट्रेनों की क्या स्तिथि है मित्रो? (sent from Sandhurst Road Stn.)
byculla to dombivli? (sent from Mumbai Central)
CST to thane ? (sent from Chinchpokli Stn.)
Pune Mumbai route is clear or not
Central train status? (sent from Nahur)
is train is running between kalwa to CST ??
are down trains working from CST to Dombivli? (sent from Mumbai Central)
kasara to kalyan trains chalu hai kya? 
is trains are working downwards or still band hai?? (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)
Nahur to thane train status? (sent from Nahur Stn.)
So it's taking 45 odd min to reach Thane from Dombivli? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
dombivli se train chalu he?  (sent from Thakurli Stn.)
thane to CST ? (sent from Ghatkopar)
train chalu hai kya bhai??? (sent from Sion)
Please inform how crowded it is if you can.  (sent from Mulund Stn.)
karjat train status? (sent from Dadar Stn.)
kurla to dadar running train ?? (sent from Govandi)
kurla to dombivali? 
cst to kalyan???? (sent from Cst)
kurla to thane? (sent from Kurla)
is fast train available from thane to Kalyan? (sent from Kharghar Stn.)
what about train at dadar ?it was going to come at 2.9  (sent from Dadar Stn.)
what is the status of badlapur to ghatkopar
what is condition of trains from panvel to cst
where is karjat train?  (sent from Ambernath Stn.)
i am standing in thane where to go suggest me (sent from Kalyan)
?
any train coming from CST end to kasara,titwala or asangaon? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
is there trains from kurla to thane?
what is the status of 12951 MUMBAI Delhi rajdhani
how's the train running from kanjur to kalyan 
train are running?
kurla to dadar running train ? (sent from Govandi)
?
are there trains from Ghatkopar to Thane? Slow or fast?  (sent from Andheri)
cst to kalyan stus? (sent from Elphinstone Road)
any 🚆 from thane to CST ?????  (sent from Mulund Stn.)
ghatkopar to kalyan train running?
trains from parel to kurla & kurla to chembur? (sent from Elphinstone Road Stn.)
kurla to dadr?? (sent from Kurla Stn.)
Karjat ???? (sent from Ambernath Stn.)
are the down trains working properly??  (sent from Ambernath Stn.)
kay situation CR? (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)
what is train status from cst to Thane (sent from Churchgate)
??? (sent from Churchgate)
guys how is the train status from Byculla (sent from Currey Road)
what is current status from cstm to kalyan
dadar to asangaon train ka kya status hai?? (sent from Parel)
any one for beer ? (sent from Airoli Stn.)
is trains ontime??? 
dadar to badlapur trains are running?? (sent from Grant Road Stn.)
train is working or not?? (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)
kurla to thane trains are running?? (sent from Chunabhatti)
what about krjat / Badlapur train ....?? 
kurla to dadar ka status Kya hai.. ?? (sent from Vashi Stn.)
what is the condition of train from Kalyan to asangaon
are train running from ghatkopar to cst now ?
towards thane train are crowded?? (sent from Masjid Stn.)
kurla to cstm fast?? (sent from Gtb Nagar)
thane badlapur train station?? (sent from Koparkhairne)
what status of thane to Dadar?  is train running? 
are there trains  frm ambernath to dadar ?? (sent from Ambernath)
thane to cst trains working or not ? (sent from Airoli Stn.)
down side trains kaise chal ri? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
any status from ghatkopar to badlaur???
Curry road to kurla what status of train...  (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)
what is the status of CST to Kasara plz reply fast
are trains running between thane and kalyan???
cst to karajat ???? (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)
ghatkopar to dadar status anyone...??? (sent from Vashi Stn.)
anyone know status of 2.38 Kasara from kalyan?  (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
chalu ahet ka? train (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)
what's the status from Kalwa to CSMT (sent from Thane)
kalwa to Maunga?? (sent from Thane)
hi just got to know that trains are running late at least by 30 mins.. there is waterlogging on tracks..in dadar now there is no heavy rains.. it's drizzling here.. so all those who are in office, leave by 5 , if you leave now,  you may take longer time to reach our sweet home..  (sent from Lower Parel)
are there any trains stuck at Sion or matunga ? (sent from Elphinstone Road)
what the status of central line trains
Harbour line working properly? (sent from Borivali)
can anyone tell status of Thane to CST? 
Is there water logging at Kalyan station?
sion to dadar status?  (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
Are central lines running properly now?  (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)
mulund to titwala ahe ka? (sent from Kanjur Marg)
any updates for titwal train?
Kalyan to CST any update? (sent from Kalva)
is there problem in Kalyan to asangaon???
trains are there from Ghatkopar?  (sent from Jogeshwari)
Dadar me barish ho Rahi hai kya? (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)
trains are running at least 30 mins late. those who are in office now don't leave to avoid getting stuck in train. leave by 5pm.  there is still waterlogging on tracks.  heavy rain is stopped at dadar. it's drizzling here take care (sent from Lower Parel)
is there still any issue on central line? (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)
what's the status of trains from Kalyan to Thane?
are trains running from thane to dadar? (sent from Ghansoli)
is there train late on central line? (sent from Kurla Stn.)
what about asangaon n karata train (sent from Turbhe)
Thane Kalyan status?
what a status of kalyan local
thane to dadar status? (sent from Ghansoli)
Vidyavihar to Thane status ? (sent from Vidyavihar Stn.)
what is the status of trains
train chalu hai kya?  (sent from Elphinstone Road Stn.)
Train are running toward kalyan from thane? (sent from Juinagar)
where is asangoan train now  (sent from Vidyavihar Stn.)
are trains r running from khopoli to csmt..???? (sent from Khopoli Stn.)
asangaon? (sent from Turbhe)
are trains running properly on time.?  (sent from Cst Stn.)
what is the status of badlapur train (sent from Mahalakshmi Stn.)
What about sahyadri exps (sent from Currey Road Stn.)
ghatkopar to thane status?
what about khopoli kalyan trains...???? (sent from Khopoli Stn.)
CSMT to asangaon???? (sent from Turbhe)
dadar to thane status? (sent from Chembur)
12951 Mumbai. rajdhani aaj chalegi or not
kurla to asangaon status? (sent from Govandi)
I have just crossed Parel in a fast train. how's the situation after that ? (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)
what is the train status
how about kanjur to sion ?
any 1 is in Thane station right now??? (sent from Rabale)
what is status of cst to Kalyan local
what is central railway status (sent from Andheri Stn.)
Ghatkopar to cst trains are on time or not
how about byculla to kanjur train status (sent from Byculla Stn.)
what a situation in central line up side
hello... are trains running from thane to dombivli? (sent from Airoli Stn.)
what is the status of Ghatkopar to Thane ? (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
Dadar stn pe koi hai kya? (sent from Badlapur Stn.)
train is available from dadar to kalyan ???? (sent from Bandra Stn.)
Kalyan to asangaon ???? (sent from Kalyan)
hi, what is train status from Thane to karjat
Is train running between Borivali to Valsad?
kurla to badlapur??  (sent from Chunabhatti Stn.)
what is status of train at dombivali stn?? (sent from Badlapur)
Thane to Dadar train Chalu aahet Ka?? (sent from Ghansoli)
status for thane to dombivli? (sent from Airoli Stn.)
hi what is train status from Thane to dombivli  (sent from Rabale)
what about ghatkopar to Kalyan ?
pls select western line chat
plzzz any1 give a status of thane to CST train ???? (sent from Mulund Stn.)
hii should I leave for dadar from ambernath? ?
what's status of kurla Sion matunga (sent from Jogeshwari)
are train running between dadar and dombivli?  (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)
Wat's the status of Central Railway today 2wrds Kalyan Badlapur?  (sent from Kurla Stn.)
Karjat trn ka status PTA hai kya apko? (sent from Badlapur Stn.)
what about thane to kalyan
kholo ki train nikala kya from cst ?? (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)
everyone is asking just questions....do we have anyone who can give answers?
kurla -thane are on time?
train status from masjid to nahur? (sent from Churchgate)
what status ,cst to sion  (sent from Masjid Stn.)
Sion to Dadar trains available?? (sent from Bhayander)
Sion to Dadar trains available?? (sent from Bhayander)
what about sinhagad express? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
is trains are running on time from ambernath to Thane?? (sent from Vithalwadi)
Ghatkopar to CST is thr any1 ??? r trains running ???...waiting at Vidya ihar from last 30 mins no slow train  (sent from Vidyavihar Stn.)
should I leave from badlapur to vikhroli/ghatkopar?
please replay me anyone what status are cst to sion (sent from Masjid Stn.)
are trains running from ghatkopar to ambernath? 
should i go Ulhasnagar to neral ? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
what is the status of trains down from thane ??
Central line is working properly..? from ddr.to kyn. (sent from Bandra)
r u sure?
Sion to Dadar update please ? (sent from Bhayander)
Dadar Matunga mai barish ruk gayi hai kya? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
is there still problem between dadar n kurla? (sent from Churchgate)
koi train nai hai idar ?? (sent from Vidyavihar Stn.)
thane to dombivli velevar ahet ka trn??
thane station k indicators chalu nhi h..??  going ambarnath. . kaise smjhega train konsi aane wali h..??   (sent from Thane Stn.)
Dadar to ambernath... train chalu hai kya .. ?
status of central n harbour railway??  (sent from Dadar Stn.)
status of trains frm thane towards kalyan? (sent from Thane Stn.)
dadar to cst? (sent from Andheri)
Thane CST working or not?  (sent from Churchgate Stn.)
badlapur la janyasathi aahet ka train? (sent from Ghansoli)
frndz where is 3.27 train n also 4.11 train (sent from Karjat Stn.)
train status from Thane to dombivli? (sent from Airoli Stn.)
what about Karjat Train ... sent from Thane
Bhiwandi se  Panvel train running or not
are trains running from CST to kalyan?? (sent from Malad)
please, are they ? (sent from Kanjur Marg)
dadar to dombivli no probs hi na ?  (sent from Chinchpokli Stn.)
Are the trains working good from thane to cst?  (sent from Thane Stn.)
staus of badlapur to ghatkopar trains?
central status towards Kalyan?
what about Kalyan to thane? (sent from Kalyan)
how much late? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
Ghatkopar to Badlapur status??
Hi everyone, how about thane to kalyan and upwards? 
trean chalu huva kya ???? sentral ka (sent from Sewri Stn.)
WHAT ABOUT ULHASNAGAR TO KALYAN ? (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)
Dadar to towards kalyan what status on slow linw (sent from Vile Parle Stn.)
what about central line (sent from Andheri)
Thane to Badlapur train running or not
any problem in central line?? (sent from Mulund)
any problem in harbour line? (sent from Mulund)
tarin stuck any problem?? (sent from Byculla Stn.)
central line thapp aahe ka? (sent from Mahalakshmi Stn.)
how is frequency of down side trains (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
 what about trains from Ghatkoper are they running ? 
ulhasnagar to thane train status? (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)
what is the status of central line.. do we have slow trains running from Vikhroli to kalyan?
kalyan to cst tren chalu ahet ka ?.... (sent from Kalyan)
fast trains are running? (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)
0318PM (Ghatkoper)local for karjat.not yet come in Ghat (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
train velevar chalu aahet ka?? (sent from Dadar)
Trains running late ? (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)
trains are moving ? (sent from Dombivli)
are trains from Kurla to Thane running on time ?? ( from Kurla station ) 
train taka tak chalu aahe ka? (sent from Mahalakshmi Stn.)
want to go to lower parel.. trains clear?? (sent from Govandi)
kaejat train?  (sent from Kalyan)
trains are available at dombivli ??? (sent from Dombivli)
  train from vidyavihar to thane are running...???
what about titwala
to lower parel running ? (sent from Govandi)
any Karjat or Badlapur train running in central line? (sent from Vithalwadi Stn.)
what news about titwala (sent from Titwala)
is vasai-panvel route open!🤔?
any body plzz reply...???
asangaon slow local kaha par hai abhi????  (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)
Byculla to thane train running??? (sent from Reay Road Stn.)
what about Ghatkopar to Kalyan train?
dadar to kurla train runnin or not??? (sent from Elphinstone Road)
trains are working for Byculla to kalyan???? (sent from Byculla Stn.)
trains towards kalyann? (sent from Santa Cruz Stn.)
 what is the status for the CST trains (sent from Ambernath)
Western lines  on time ? (sent from Govandi)
asangaon slow kaha hai abhi???  (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)
where is asangaon train (sent from Vangani Stn.)
Dombivali to Ghatkopar.. ?? train running?? pls update status friends..  (sent from Nilje)
where is KP 3.35 (from dadar) (sent from Dadar Stn.)
is there any train coming to badlapur for cstm (sent from Badlapur Stn.)
is train running from dadar to ambernath ?? (sent from Kurla)
anyone??a little urgent. need to go to goregaon from chembur (sent from Govandi)
sholay? 
is there trains available from thane
central train are working right?? (sent from Lower Parel)
is there train from dombivli (sent from Dombivli)
are trains running from ghatkopar to badlapur station?
Are there trains from ghatkopar to kalyan?? (sent from Kopar Stn.)
is central line working??? 
train working from masjid to dadar?  (sent from Masjid Stn.)
Ghatkopar to Kalyan का status Plz? 
?? (sent from Govandi)
Dadar to Kalyan train chalu aahe ka??? (sent from Goregaon)
what about karjat route? 
Central railway trns status??  (sent from Andheri)
from ghatkopar to dombivli are trains okay? (sent from Vile Parle Stn.)
Mumbai New York flight?  (sent from Masjid Stn.)
are train running from Thane to Kalyan?
train chalu hai kurla to kalyan???  (sent from Kurla)
Train running from Thane to CST??  (sent from Thane Stn.)
train chalu h ? (sent from Asangaon)
train from ghatkopar to thane?
ghatkopar ke aage train barabsr hai kya? (sent from Vile Parle Stn.)
how is the situation in central line (sent from Vadala Road Stn.)
cst to DOMBIVLI train status ? (sent from Ghatkopar)
bhai mai jana chata hu Kurla to Mumbra ky train chalu hai ky ???
Titwal train chalu hai kya?  (sent from Titwala)
titwala to cst how to running train (sent from Titwala)
bhai mai jana chata hu Kurla to Mumbra ky train chalu hai ky ???
Ambernath to Ghatkopar train is running on time ?
thane to ville parle ?
dadar to cst chalu hai kya?  (sent from Kandivali Stn.)
what is status of karjat to thane traim (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
what abt dadar to kalyan?  (sent from Elphinstone Road)
and what about khopoli from kurla (sent from Kurla)
neral to Dadar train chalu Hai? (sent from Kandivali)
what about Kurla to asangaon ? (sent from Vidyavihar Stn.)
cstm to Amb kay status he? (sent from Mahalakshmi)
what about dadar to ville parle ?
what is the current status of cst to khopoli (sent from Kurla Stn.)
what about kurla to munbra??
Andheri to Ghatkopar? (sent from Jogeshwari)
any update at dadar station please?? (sent from Andheri Stn.)
what is the status about Down line in Central (sent from Khar Road)
what is news for train from thane to kalyan
what's d stairs of trains from Khairan to Dadar
dadar to ghatkopar any problem?? (sent from Manasarovar Stn.)
Is train running from ambernath to thane?? (sent from Ambernath)
what's d status of trains from Kalyan to Dadar plz?
status of cst kalyan train? (sent from Kurla Stn.)
what about kurla to ghatkopar? (sent from Kurla Stn.)
trains running? from thane to cst (sent from Thane)
Bhai train kahaan pochee Abhi???? (sent from Badlapur Stn.)
parel to Kurla Chalu hai Kya? (sent from Matunga Road)
are the trains plying normally ?
what is status of central train (sent from Mulund)
train for Dadar status ....????  (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
cst kalyan fast ka kya status hai? (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
Dadar to Thane running? (sent from Cst Stn.)
what is the situation of trains right now (sent from Cst)
what is the status of train for Badlapur (sent from Nahur)
dombivli 15.39 train to CST? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
asangaon to cst?
I have heard trains are 1 hour late? is it true? (sent from Vile Parle Stn.)
what about pune from dadar train runnig (sent from Goregaon)
what is the status of central line from kurla  (sent from Kurla)
is train working?
ghatkopar to badlapur?  (sent from Mulund Stn.)
any update?
trains wrkinh?
time or hai ?
Dadar Matunga mai barish ruk gayi hai kya? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
is train working?  (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)
is ghatkoper to cst running..?
what about Ghatkopar to cstm train? (sent from Vidyavihar)
is anybody right now btw thane to Dadar? and what is the train delay situation?
water  logging is there between Bhandup  to badlapur???  (sent from Nahur)
kalyan to thane train are running or not? (sent from Vithalwadi)
can i travel from kanjur to kurla??
what about train?  (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)
can i go kalyan to thane?
trains are working or not ? (sent from Thane Stn.)
mulund to cst trains are running..?  (sent from Mulund)
I am at dadar now, will i reach CST by 5 pm? (sent from Mahim Jn Stn.)
kurla to thane working ??
why is everyone asking questions, pls post updates tooo
what abou down line cst to thane (sent from Vikhroli)
trains are running from titwala to cst? (sent from Titwala Stn.)
Thane to CST???
Thane to vikhroli trains are running? (sent from Mulund)
train running ?
mulund to thane working?? (sent from Mulund)
 Dadar to Badlapur trains available on time? (sent from Khar Road Stn.)
kanjur to kurla??
curry road Sai Thane kaa status kya hai ?? (sent from Currey Road)
Please Update? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
thane to CST up and down trains updates? 
central train running? (sent from Vile Parle)
are the trains in time or are they running late ? (sent from Vikhroli)
what is status of central railway...? (sent from Santa Cruz Stn.)
any update?? (sent from Vidyavihar)
Vidyavihar to Dadar? (sent from Vidyavihar)
are trains towards cst going beyond matunga?? (sent from Vidyavihar)
What is the status at kalyan to thane (sent from Badlapur)
trains are properly working??? (sent from Matunga Road Stn.)
status of train from Ghatkopar to kalyan?
are trains running properly from dadar to Badlapur ?
vikhroli to dadar ?? (sent from Vikhroli)
mulund to ghatkopar train is running or not?? (sent from Andheri)
thane to kalyan running? (sent from Belapur Cbd Stn.)
hi friends what about central relways (sent from Churchgate)
ghatkopar to ambernath train chalu hai???? (sent from Ghatkopar)
trains from Kalwa?
Are trains working on time from Thane to Cst?  (sent from Thane)
train status Thane to kurla ????
Why are all just asking questions..? Please just scroll a little earlier msgs maybe you get to know some & then when you don't find any you ask (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
trains from Ghatkopar to CST are running?
kurla to kalyan train are working?
are trains working??? (sent from Chunabhatti)
ghatkopar to kalyan trn working? (sent from Borivali)
central line is working?
are trains running..? or is there water logging? (sent from Khar Road)
are through trains working normally on central line towards Pune?  (sent from Borivali)
hello what is the status  (sent from Chunabhatti)
Thane - Kalyan chalu hai kya? (sent from Thane)
what is position  of bhandup  to thana
Thane to badlapur chalu hai kya?? (sent from Koparkhairne Stn.)
Thane to Cst trains are working?  (sent from Marine Lines Stn.)
what about kanjur to CST train  (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)
from vikhroli to kalyan trains are on tym ? (sent from Vikhroli)
CST to dadar aahet ka? (sent from Dockyard Road)
kurla to badlapur??? trains chalu hai kya?~
Badlapur cst train are in time?  (sent from Badlapur)
badlapur ambernath trains running ?? (sent from Santa Cruz Stn.)
thane to dadar trains are running or not?
thane to csmt train chalu ahet ka?
CST TO DADAR??? (sent from Sandhurst Road Stn.)
thane to karjat?  (sent from Rabale)
really ?? (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)
train are working from dadar to thane? (sent from Dahisar)
wt is status of khopoli train?? (sent from Thane Stn.)
??? (sent from Matunga Road Stn.)
what about central line 
any update on trains? (sent from Mulund)
I am traveling without pass any TC at Dombivali? (sent from Nerul)
what about central line 
what about thane to Kalyan
what abt karjat khopoli train (sent from Turbhe)
mulund se badlapur k liye train hai? (sent from Mulund)
CST TO DADAR??? (sent from Sandhurst Road)
from where sangita  (sent from Masjid Stn.)
what abt asangaon train  (sent from Turbhe)
CST Dadar thane users kahan hai we want update? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
Any update on Asangaon semi fast train?  (sent from Mahim Jn Stn.)
what is the status of train from kalyan to thane  (sent from Shahad Stn.)
are down cst to Kalyan trains working??
what's the situation of dadar to badlapur train 
areee... koi batayega... kya Kurla to Badlapur train ka kya scene hai?????
what about Kurla harbour  (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)
Can someone tell what's the status of Central Railway? 
thane to kasara ? (sent from Thane Stn.)
Wt about Wr? 
kya sanduhasrt rpad pay train line se khadi hay ? (sent from Kalyan)
trains where super late. however rolling on tracks. I took a train from thane towards cst 12.54 fast and reached byculla by 2.30 (sent from Lower Parel)
is there a train for byculla from dadar (sent from Goregaon Stn.)
Is it running late? 
ulhasnagar to thane chalu hai kya ? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
kasara? (sent from Vasind Stn.)
which train is on display. plz (sent from Mahim Jn Stn.)
Bhiwandi to koper train status ? (sent from Bhiwandi Road Stn.)
people at home...who do not know any thing abt present status..pls do not post n create confusions (sent from Bandra)
koi mulund station pe hai? (sent from Mulund)
what is status cst to kalyan
Anyone have an idea on the train status from Thane to Dadar?
what's the status at Kurla station? (sent from Chunabhatti)
trains r running between Thane to Kalyan ?
Wat is the status of Thane station?  trains are running towards kalyan????????? 
what is status cstm to karjat (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)
what is the train status from Thane to badlapur 
are we getting trains from dadar to mulund?  (sent from Bhayander Stn.)
kasara? (sent from Vasind Stn.)
hi ....local trains are running on time...any body knows...? (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)
Kurla status towards Mulund? (sent from Chunabhatti)
is central railway working ?
kurla to Ghatkopar chalu he kya?
kurla to Badlapur??????
Kurla train status? (sent from Chunabhatti)
cst se Kalyan fast train salu he ?? (sent from Masjid)
qa scene!? (sent from Chunabhatti)
by how much? 
train chalu aahe??
how much late  (sent from Parel)
CR r running?  (sent from Kanjur Marg)
kalyan to thane train chal Raha hai kya....? 
trains Kurla ja rahi hai kya? (sent from Byculla)
what about khopoli train 
dadar to thane running???? 
kasara train is running or not....?
any updates for kasara? (sent from Vasind)
central line chaalu hi?? (sent from Khar Road)
what about the trains to thane???  (sent from Andheri)
areee......  kurla to badlapur trains hai kya?
R trains running? (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)
trains ka beech bahuth gap hotha he kya?
status of kurla to thane??
CSMT down trains are running? (sent from Churchgate)
Are trains on time? (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)
kyn to cstm chalu h? (sent from Vithalwadi)
r the trains working from vashi to thane? n from thane to bhandup?? (sent from Sanpada Stn.)
Kasara to CST train working???
are train on time or not?? (sent from Marine Lines)
dadar se diva local chalu hai kya? (sent from Andheri)
are train running from cst to kalyan?  (sent from Churchgate)
what's the status abt Ghatkopar ...train on time or delay (sent from Andheri)
byculla to Kalyan train  running ? (sent from Sandhurst Road Stn.)
are kanjur to kalyan trains running?
is central line working from thane to CST?
any trains for kurla to kalyan? (sent from Tilak Nagar)
Is there any delay in the trains from Dadar to Mulund? (sent from Bhandup)
CST to kurla running? (sent from Churchgate Stn.)
dadt to karjat trains.. are they running??  (sent from Mira Road)
kurla to Badlapur?????
train status from kurla..?
kanjurmarg to titwala running? (sent from Kanjur Marg)
train chalu he kya?
Kanjurmarg to Cst working? 
any updates about to thane?  (sent from Kanjur Marg)
Vidyavihar to Thane Ka Position ? (sent from Vidyavihar Stn.)
go to Western line chat (sent from Byculla Stn.)
kurla to badlapur trains???
How's situation of Central line trains going to Cst?
what is the status for Thane to dombivali, trains are running or not?
current status of Ghatkopar??? (sent from Andheri)
04.24 CST train from Kasara left??
CST to kalyan train are running? (sent from Chembur)
central train chalu aahet ka? (sent from Masjid Stn.)
central train is running ? (sent from Bandra Stn.)
CR line train is. running?? (sent from Andheri Stn.)
age? dressing ? (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)
central line working fine? (sent from Vidyavihar Stn.)
Mumbai Cst to kalyan train on time??  (sent from Matunga Stn.)
trains from Dombivli on time? (sent from Dombivli)
are trains properly running from mulund to dadar?  (sent from Vile Parle)
any updates about mail trains ?
train status from thane to cst?? (sent from Mulund)
Kalyan line is working?? (sent from Jogeshwari)
what is status of cr
thane cst train chalu he kya ? (sent from Byculla)
what is the current status of central railway?? (sent from Elphinstone Road)
कल्याण - कर्जत ट्रेन चालू आहेत का.?
train status for masjid to ulhas nagar ? 
what is the status of local Train (sent from Ghatkopar)
vadala to andheri trains running? (sent from Chembur Stn.)
trains working central line?? (sent from Parel)
are trains working in central line??
thane to cst trqins working ? (sent from Airoli Stn.)
are trains working in central line? (sent from Andheri)
trains chalu h vv to mumbra? (sent from Vidyavihar)
what is the current status? (sent from Mulund)
???
where is 4.13 karjat local from kurla (sent from Kurla Stn.)
titwala side trains are running or not
Thane to Dadar?? (sent from Nalla Sopara)
sion to mulund trains working? please answer  (sent from Bandra)
what abt trains to ulhas nagar and badlapur  (sent from Masjid Stn.)
thane to Kalyan train running  or not ? (sent from Rabale)
why the hell people are asking same question again and again..... if you have the same question someone has asked earlier 😑😑 (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)
 Central Line kaha se kaha tak chalu hai..???
pls confirm the status from dadar to khopoli??? (sent from Kandivali)
anybody in thane station how is thes status of local trains
what is the train status at Thane to Kalyan (sent from Belapur Cbd Stn.)
cost Thane trains?
what is the status of thane local  (sent from Bandra)
are trains working on time from thane to dadar?  (sent from Koparkhairne)
what is status of train in central route  (sent from Chunabhatti)
what is the condition at kalwa
are trains running from Thane to Kurla? (sent from Airoli)
train running late?
are trains working from dombivli to thane??? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
hiii,trains running on time or not???towards kalyan (sent from Rabale)
what is the status of trains from Ghatkopar to thane?? (sent from Andheri)
asangaon side trains running properly or not?? (sent from Asangaon)
metro chal rahi hai kya??  (sent from Ghansoli)
CST to Dombivli kaisa status hai please koi bataiye ? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
train is working?
what is the current train Status from Csmt to kalyan  (sent from Charni Road Stn.)
where is khopoli train
are the trains from Ghatkopar to Thane working?? (sent from Andheri)
What is the Train status of Kanjurmarg to Dombivli ? (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)
CST to Dombivali running or not ??? (sent from Churchgate Stn.)
is central line working???
Ghatkopar to Dombivali r trains working? (sent from Goregaon)
Ghatkopar to Thane trains running or not? (sent from Andheri)
hi trains are late in mulund.? (sent from Mulund Stn.)
is central railway running on time?
thane to kalyan trains are on time or not?  (sent from Koparkhairne)
what about kasara and asangaon train (sent from Thane)
how about trains from CSTM to Kalyan? (sent from Jogeshwari)
train running.???
Central railway running or not? (sent from Byculla)
 are the trains running from cst to ulhasnagar?( sent from andheri)
what's abt kurla to panvel (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
thane to badlapur train right time pe he kya?
thane to karjat chalu hai kya? (sent from Airoli Stn.)
csmt to thane ?
thane to kalyan trains are on time?  (sent from Koparkhairne)
kalyan to ghatkopar local running fine? (sent from Andheri)
Anyone at Ghatkopar? Are the trains running on time??
kalyan to Assangaon trens are running or not
what is the situation  (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)
what about  upadate train from titwala to cst...??guys please  reply... (sent from Titwala)
any update for dadar to Kalyan? (sent from Borivali)
Are central line trains on time??
any update from Thane CST train? 
khopoli?????
CST to Kalyan trains?? (sent from Airoli Stn.)
Where is it?
khopoli?????
reply fast masjid to Andheri train working ?  (sent from Masjid Stn.)
hi , from Ambarnath to Thane ,, trains are running?
guyszz please coprate from which ever station you are please update train status (sent from Malad)
what is the status of train from ghatkopar to kalyan
are central line trains on time?  (sent from Goregaon)
where is the khopoli train ? (sent from Ambernath)
? (sent from Borivali)
Ghatkopar to Titwala train status??? 
ghatkopar to thane trains ok?
whats the status of Badlapur CST trains...? (sent from Badlapur)
are trains from dadar to cst running?  (sent from Andheri)
What is the status of Central line trains? (sent from Airoli)
Trains on Central Line on time???
thane to ghatkopar up trains are working or not ??? (sent from Thane Stn.)
pls reply trains working from dombivli to thane???? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
what about trains from Dombivali to CST ? (sent from Thakurli)
where is khopoli train ? (sent from Ambernath)
from dadar to Kalyan? (sent from Borivali)
Kurla CST is running ??? (sent from Vashi)
what is the status of train towords cst  (sent from Jogeshwari)
should i go to cst??? (sent from Karjat)
are the trains delayed? (sent from Andheri)
is this train running ?  (sent from Airoli Stn.)
Is any titwala local running on track in between Ghatkopar & Nahur rd now. (sent from Nahur Stn.)
what's status of trains (sent from Bhandup Stn.)
what is the status from thane to kalyan
what is train status?
what is status... (sent from Elphinstone Road Stn.)
any recent updates? from Ghatkopar (sent from Jogeshwari)
Train updates on central line? are those on time...  (sent from Airoli Stn.)
train from cst to Kurla running??  (sent from Sandhurst Road Stn.)
is central railway is running?  (sent from Mumbai Central Stn.)
reallyyy ???? (sent from Nahur)
any update for the trains towards panvel?? (sent from Belapur Cbd Stn.)
vidyavihar 2 vikhroli status? (sent from Vidyavihar Stn.)
wht abt thana to titwala trsin?? (sent from Elphinstone Road Stn.)
Thane to Kalyan status? 
is central line working? (sent from Thane Stn.)
what is status of slow train? 
what is train status from curry road to thane (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)
train working hai kya Thane to kalyan? (sent from Kalva)
thane to kalyan trains working properly? (sent from Thane)
trains are on time ????? (sent from Thane)
Factual position .... I just took 3.53 Kalyan train from current road which came at 4.15 ...Crossed dadar at 4.39... tracks are flooded and due to which trains r late it's raining more n more so it will be more delayed. Will keep updating till I reach kalyan (sent from Matunga Road Stn.)
central cstm train working or not? (sent from Thane Stn.)
train status  for central line?? (sent from Masjid Stn.)
what is the status of slow train  (sent from Vithalwadi)
train status?
can anyone update about kasara train which left at 3.40 from CST
train status? (sent from Thakurli)
Badalapur train status? (sent from Parel)
train time pe he kya? (sent from Mulund Stn.)
is it right train will stop aftr smtime ? (sent from Bhandup Stn.)
what about bhandup to kalyan status (sent from Bhandup Stn.)
what is the status of trains from kurla to Thane can somebody please Tell (sent from Chunabhatti)
what about thane to diva
karjat trains are on time or not?
towards cst chalu hai kya from thane?
Ghatkopar to thane trains chalu he kya???  (sent from Kings Circle)
koi karjat station ka haal chal bata sakta hai? (sent from Karjat)
ky...chalu ha...??? (sent from Kandivali Stn.)
train chalu hai kya? (sent from Kurla)
ghatkopar to Byculla status? 
in news they are showing traims are block is it right or not? (sent from Thane)
what is train status from CST? (sent from Govandi)
kalyan to thane trains?
any update on down train from cstm?
Thane to karjat? (sent from Thane Stn.)
what is the status of central line trains CST to kakyan (sent from Lower Parel)
Train Kalyan side jaane ka late h Kya??
what is the status of the train from VT (sent from Elphinstone Road Stn.)
what about down locals from thane?
ambernath hun kalwa jayla train ahe ka?
trains are working or not?  (sent from Rabale)
sure ?
how from Kalyan?
Kalyan to Thane? on time  (sent from Shahad)
no trains cst to thane but why?? (sent from Thane Stn.)
what about dadar to thane ...please update (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)
what train status
fast train working? (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)
is Ghatkopar to Kurla running? (sent from Churchgate)
cst to kasara??? (sent from Kopar)
Ghatkopar to thane what is status? 
are there any announcements or anything about trains to get? (sent from Airoli Stn.)
Ghatkopar to thane trains running? (sent from Kings Circle)
what abt trns from vikhroli
pls update the status of train from Kalyan to thane?
CST se Dombivli ka koi status batao please? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
what about cat train from thane 
thane vashi train are on time or not?
CST to dombivli status kya hai ? (sent from Chinchpokli Stn.)
trains available from kurla?  (sent from Chunabhatti)
how late is the train running status (sent from Thakurli)
train are running towad ambernath from kurla?  (sent from Chunabhatti)
thane to cst trains are working or not?
ghatkopar to mulund running?
their is a news that kari road to csmt local is not working
titwala train chalu hai kya? (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)
what the status (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)
ghatkopar kalyan trains are working? (sent from Andheri)
cst to thane train chalu h ?? (sent from Bhandup Stn.)
train nit aahe ka?
  karjat train update? please anyone in karjat train pz update the status  (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)
What is the status of trains from Kurla to Thane? (sent from Vidyavihar)
trains from thane are on time ? or they are late ?
r fast trains woeking from cst? (sent from Juinagar)
cst to dombivali train chalu hai kya ? (sent from Tilak Nagar)
what is the status of train towards Ambernath/BL ? (sent from Goregaon)
what about Vikhroli to Titwala train (sent from Vikhroli)
thane se Airoli train h Kya?? (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)
any announcements regarding the trains ? (sent from Airoli Stn.)
are trains running from gatkopar?? (sent from Andheri)
Ambernath to thane train chalu h Kya??
kaisa hai sumit? tu Borivali shift hua na? (sent from Dombivli)
are traina running late from cst to karjat ?
what is the situation of sion matunga (sent from Thane Stn.)
CST to kalyan train status? (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)
 what is the status of central line (sent from Andheri Stn.)
4.30 cst karjat train status? (sent from Kings Circle Stn.)
kaha jaa rahi hai ?? (sent from Koparkhairne)
what is the status of trains towards Kalyan? (sent from Airoli Stn.)
everyone is asking only...anyone who knows weather the trains are running or not 
from Kalyan r d trains working?  (sent from Kalyan)
asangaon train status ? (sent from Govandi Stn.)
thane to cst status plz?  (sent from Airoli Stn.)
what is the status of thane trains
thane to Badlapur train status?
Mumbai to Karjat Train? (sent from Koparkhairne)
yaar goregaon to cst status?
is train running frm kurla to dadar ?  (sent from Kurla Stn.)
kurla se mumbra chalu h kya..?? (sent from Chunabhatti)
what about Sion to thane?
bhandup to kalyan train status??? (sent from Bhandup Stn.)
is there enough water for submarine to work from kurla to badlapur (sent from Kurla)
what is the status of train towards kalyan from thane? (sent from Thane Stn.)
 Thane Kalyan trains chaalu hai? (sent from Byculla)
is it true?
are trains working? (sent from Jogeshwari)
train from parel its working or not? 
ghatkopar to dombivali chalu hai kya?
seriously?
why central line stop (sent from Thane Stn.)
anyone knows about kasara trains???  (sent from Kopar)
what is the status of 4.45 Badlapur local? (sent from Chunabhatti)
Guys why everyone is asking the same question in different way (sent from Airoli Stn.)
how are trains on CST to ambernath
nakki ka..? (sent from Kandivali Stn.)
what about thane to csmt....? (sent from Thane Stn.)
LBS ka kya haal h? (sent from Vikhroli)
what about trains to thane (sent from Mahalakshmi Stn.)
VidyaVihar to thane are trains running properly?  (sent from Vidyavihar Stn.)
central line chalu hai Kya? (sent from Vikhroli)
kurla to Dombivli train status?
what about thane to kalyan trains (sent from Thane)
4:12 CST.... where is it??
dq hai Kya ? poona ke liye
central line? (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)
are trains running from Kurla to Dadar? (sent from Govandi Stn.)
train status?
Haath me phone hai toh yaha pe hagna zaruri hai kya ? 🤔😐 (sent from Govandi Stn.)
thane to cst status....??
from Ambernath to cst train available at 6:30 pm today ?
what about Kasara train (sent from Mulund)
any delays in central line trains? (sent from Vidyavihar)
what is the status now on central line (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
hi all... trains r working or not from cst to karjat? (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)
central working? (sent from Mahalakshmi)
ghatkopar to badlapur????
are trains work in ?
thane to Kalyan train station??? late or not working?
what is the status now on central line (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
central line status?? (sent from Churchgate)
kitna late chal rahi hai trains? (sent from Malad Stn.)
thane to vashi status ?? (sent from Vashi Stn.)
is it? (sent from Lower Parel)
please tell us from where to where trains are running n from where it's stuck or not working (sent from Lower Parel)
ghatkoper to titwala???  (sent from Ghatkopar)
are trains running from chembur to kurla?? (sent from Vile Parle)
kurla to mumbra chalu h kya..?? (sent from Chunabhatti)
Mulund to Sion?? (sent from Sion)
are karan bhai where r u..?? (sent from Chunabhatti)
what is the status for train from dadar to cst 
what abt thane to Kalyan?
what is the status of central line. 
is harbour line fumctioning?
trains between cst to karjat are on time or not
is it suppos to reach Vikhroli by 4.19? (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)
guys from Thane to Diva are the trains working ?? someone at Thane stn please suggest it's very urgent
Kalyan to thane? working  (sent from Shahad)
ios me train chat nhi hai  kya? (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)
thane to cst running ?
mulund to kurla trains working slow or fast? (sent from Rabale)
vashi to thane train chalu ahe ka?  (sent from Juinagar)
what about Vidyavihar kalyan trian (sent from Vidyavihar)
whats status of trains towards kalyan from vikhroli??? (sent from Vikhroli)
train chalu he kya? central ki
what about from Ambernath to CSMT..??
could anybody who is in the train tell me where is the train toward csmt. (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)
Thane to Mumbra slow line ?? (sent from Juinagar)
what is current status of central line to karjat (sent from Govandi Stn.)
thane se ghatkopar jaane ke liye train chalu hai kya?  (sent from Thane Stn.)
what status about dadar to thane.  (sent from Dadar)
any updates? (sent from Goregaon Stn.)
any train running from vikhroli to kalyan...?? (sent from Vikhroli)
central railway status..?? (sent from Mulund)
what's status for byculla to ambernath  (sent from Chinchpokli Stn.)
mahim to cst train is running or not ? (sent from Chunabhatti)
current status? currey Road to thane anyone?  (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)
what is d situation after kalyan ? (sent from Juinagar Stn.)
hello. what is the status of down trains? (sent from Mulund)
byculla to kalyan....train running??? (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)
4,30 asangaon id being canceld today?
need train update what's app@7718050505 (sent from Vithalwadi)
ghatkoper 2 dadar time par hai kya ????
what is train status 
???
central lines are on time ? towards Dader -kyn (sent from Bandra)
Hi, are trains running on central line?  (sent from Vidyavihar)
train from vikroli to cst working..?? (sent from Kanjur Marg)
any idea down fast trns kitna late hai?? (sent from Dadar Stn.)
what is the status cst to Thane train  (sent from Cst Stn.)
ZEE24taas. प्रमाणे मध्य रेल्वे ठप्प ..खरे आहे का ???? (sent from Churchgate)
anyone knows if the central line is working? 
kanjur to dombivli train ahet ka? 
what is update cst to kalyan  (sent from Churchgate Stn.)
is CST Kalyan train running?? (sent from Churchgate)
dadar chi kay avastha aahe? (sent from Parel)
is there any train  near ghatkopar towards cst (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
need local train update what's app @7718050505 (sent from Vithalwadi)
where is titwala asanghav train (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
what is status of kalyan thane line
thane te badlapur train chalu aahet ka?
train prblm? (sent from Ambernath)
what is the status of trains?
train status? (sent from Mulund)
Ghatkopar to Thane train us working ? (sent from Andheri)
is the central railway working?
ye konsa train hain??..Karla caves bhi jaata hain kya train? (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)
Kalyan train are running or not????
kalyan late hai kya? (sent from Nahur)
central are running on time? (sent from Santa Cruz Stn.)
are trains from thane to Dadar running?? (sent from Koparkhairne)
what about trans habour (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
what is status from ghatkopar to kalayn
is there any cst fast coming to thane
how is running status in bit win dadaर to ghatkopar 
what is the situation of train update  (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)
what about kasara asangaon train ? (sent from Turbhe)
harbour trains? (sent from Juinagar)
ghatkopar to dadar trains chalu ahet ka??  (sent from Vidyavihar)
what is current status of trains.... (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)
is it true ?
what is the stats from Dadar to Thane?  (sent from Grant Road Stn.)
कसारा ट्रेन निघाली का? (sent from Kopar)
what about kalyan trains
trns time pe chalu hai kya? (sent from Churchgate Stn.)
mumbai to thane status ?? (sent from Vithalwadi)
are trains operating ??
is khopoli to cstm trains in time?
anyone beyond thane travelling towards cst?  (sent from Thane Stn.)
are trains operating ??
how much late slow trains  (sent from Parel)
CST to thane chalu aahe ka? (sent from Churchgate)
was that right time? (sent from Ghansoli)
ia train running feom CSMT to chembur??  (sent from Cst)
what about thane to dadar
titwala se kalyan ka kya status hai?? 
what's situation on CR 
where is cst train  (sent from Mulund Stn.)
what is status of train towards kalyan (sent from Andheri)
wat is the train status??? from Vikhroli to kalyan (sent from Vikhroli)
update on trains running to cst? 
Factual Position.....it's seems now slow trains are little better as the water logging in Sion and Matunga has decreased due to which movement of slow trains has improved.  (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)
ghatkopar to Badlapur train status?? 
central is working??? (sent from Thane)
ghatkopar to cst working Kya ?
where is the local heading towards kurla  (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)
are trains from ghatkopar running ?? (sent from Ghatkopar)
what status about central line train 
is train r on tym??? (sent from Cst)
asangaon train che status kay ahe?..ghatkopsar (sent from Bhandup Stn.)
bhai koi batao dadar se ambarnaath k liye train chalu hekya?? (sent from Andheri)
What is current status of locals in central line? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
wat is status of kasara asangaon train? (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)
status for karjat???? train  (sent from Chembur Stn.)
trains towards cst working? 
??? (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)
are CST bound trains working normally? (sent from Thane Stn.)
trains to csmt ? (sent from Kurla Stn.)
what about fast train  (sent from Bandra)
are trains going smoothly from cat to thane?? (sent from Chinchpokli Stn.)
dombivli to cst?  (sent from Dombivli)
prasad tu ahes ka..torana? (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)
are the trainss going from parel to thane? (sent from Elphinstone Road Stn.)
Hello all, It is my humble request to you, Do nt ask for updates continuously. Very few People are giving the updates which is difficult to find. If you have any update, share that only. It would be useful to all if only updates are being posted here.  Thank you (sent from Vile Parle)
whats the status from.kurla to vashi?? (sent from Lower Parel)
are trains running from Andheri to CST???  (sent from Jogeshwari)
anyone from dadar to kalyan? is train are available  (sent from Andheri Stn.)
is central line train is running???  (sent from Diva Jn)
what about train status in CR?
what about Sion 
train hussain sagar frm CSTM is on time or delayed??? (sent from Vidyavihar Stn.)
what is the status of ambernath , badlapur train (sent from Vikhroli)
thane to klyn, karjat trains status plz? (sent from Koparkhairne Stn.)
byculla mulund trains working?  (sent from Grant Road)
central line what status?  (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)
are the trains on tym today??  (sent from Goregaon)
trains running from karjat to pune? (sent from Ambernath)
how is train status now
cst to kalyan chalu hai kya? (sent from Elphinstone Road Stn.)
Ghatkopar overhead wires issue is true or fake? 
what is status of cst to kasara train???? (sent from Kasara Stn.)
ghatkopar to kasara? (sent from Mumbai Central)
how come 10 mins late trains are on time?? (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)
trains chalu ahet ky?
for train update what app me @ 7718050506 (sent from Vithalwadi)
byculla to mulund working?  (sent from Grant Road)
towards??
ambernath train working on time or not?  (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
guys can anyone tell how far train ia running late from down5 (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)
thane to diva?
now working the train?  (sent from Churchgate)
is train on time? (sent from Elphinstone Road)
what status from dadar to Vikhroli  (sent from Parel)
what's the update for trains from cst to thane  (sent from Vikhroli)
Dadar to Kalyan train status? (sent from Khar Road Stn.)
curry road to thane running? (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)
are trains from Thane to Kurla on? (sent from Santa Cruz Stn.)
 what abt slow trains from Ghatkopar towards Thane (sent from Andheri)
what is status about dadar to thane?  (sent from Santa Cruz)
metro trains running?? (sent from Ghansoli Stn.)
are trains running on central line?? or totally stopped (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
what is status of sion to kalyan ( sent from mahim ) (sent from Sion)
 Vidya Vihar to kanjur train? (sent from Vidyavihar)
is harbour line is working fine? (sent from Mumbra)
central line trains r working right now?
what is the of central line?
Is train running from Thane to Kalyan...??? (sent from Ambernath Stn.)
Dadar to thane trains are running?
trains r working frm thane towards kalyan?
Dombivli to Thana trains chal ra ha??????  ghar Jana ha batao jaldi
what is the status of kasarA train
central line is operating??? (sent from Airoli)
r trains running?
curry rd to dombivali trains?? (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)
water logging hai kya central main? (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)
ghatkoper to Karla working? 
is there train for badlapur (sent from Kanjur Marg)
are trains from dadar towards dombiwali working? (sent from Dadar Stn.)
Is CST to Thane train r running or not ? (sent from Koparkhairne)
Dadar to Kalyan train status ?  (sent from Thakurli)
kurla to sion chalu he kya?  (sent from Matunga Stn.)
mulund to dadar? (sent from Mulund)
what is train status from ghatkopar (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
train time pe hai?  (sent from Chunabhatti)
current status plz???
what about CST to Thane train status? (sent from Cst)
thane to cst train he kya ? (sent from Koparkhairne)
r u sure? (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)
trains are on time or not
dombivali se ulashnagar train chalu hai ?? (sent from Dombivli)
dadar to thane?? (sent from Mumbai Central)
 what's status central line plz (sent from Cst Stn.)
thane to cst train he kya ? (sent from Koparkhairne)
what's the status on diva vasai (sent from Thakurli)
Thane to ghatkopar working? please update  (sent from Koparkhairne)
Thane to Ulhasnagar trains h Kya? 
are trains from Dadar running on time for Ghatkopar? (sent from Elphinstone Road)
what about khopli yrain
trains there till diva??  (sent from Matunga Stn.)
train chal rahi hai kya bhailog? (sent from Koparkhairne Stn.)
is train running from thane to ghatkopar?
what is thr train status from thane to Ghatkopar (sent from Airoli)
kanjur to Kalyan chalu hai Kya? (sent from Kanjur Marg)
Konse timing ki hai?  (sent from Kalyan)
Parel to thane !? any update  (sent from Elphinstone Road Stn.)
train chalu aahet ka?
Dombivli up local chalu aahe ka ?
कुर्ला से कल्याण ट्रेन चल रही है क्या? (sent from Tilak Nagar)
vidyavihar to thane ? are trains running? (sent from Tilak Nagar Stn.)
what about badlapur csmt trn ...they are working or not
thane to Kalyan? (sent from Ghansoli)
what is status thane to cstm (sent from Vidyavihar Stn.)
Thane To Badlapur Trains are running???? (sent from Ghansoli)
Ghatkopar se Kurla train chal Raha hai Kiya ?
what's the status of train from CST.. is it working.. please give genuine reply (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
is it trains running to thane from vashi line...? (sent from Mumbra Stn.)
is it trains running to thane from vashi line...?
are trains running?? According to zee 24 taas central line is shut!! please update (sent from Thane)
wats the status of Ulhasnagar? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
Parel to thane trains are working? (sent from Lower Parel)
ambarnath badlapur train chalu Hai Kya?
what is the current status
dadar station se thane ke liye train hai kya ? (sent from Dadar Stn.)
are trains running from kurla to ulhasnagar??? (sent from Chunabhatti)
what's the trn status towards kalyan ?
kurla to thane??
may I catch the ambernath fast ,,,, what you guys suggest  (sent from Santa Cruz Stn.)
how are trains running between kanjurmarg and Ghatkopar
anyone..? (sent from Mumbra Stn.)
from Mulund trains are running on time?? (sent from Nahur)
down local chalu ke Kya? (sent from Kurla)
central line chalu hai kya Dadar tak?
dombivli to Thane train status? 
what to reply ? (sent from Khar Road)
train are on time?????
trains running without halt?  (sent from Dombivli)
cst to thane train r running?
what is the status of kasara train 
central line karjat train chal rahi hai?  (sent from Charni Road Stn.)
Are trains working to Thane? (sent from Ghatkopar)
zee 24 taas is chu channel ...I am in amb train which just left ghatkoper  (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)
are train to Panvel on time?  (sent from Ghatkopar)
trains r late by 1 hour KY???  (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)
what about Thane to khopoli train status (sent from Rabale Stn.)
what is the status of trains from currey road to ghatkopar (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)
dombivli to Thane train status? 
sainagarshirdi passenger Cancel huwa hay ya nhi? (sent from Vithalwadi Stn.)
trai s running from sion to ghatkopar??? (sent from Chunabhatti)
is train going to thakurli?
trains from kurla?? (sent from Tilak Nagar)
kindly read Most like chat...  (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
thana to badlapur train are Running or not???  (sent from Vashi Stn.)
Konse timing ki hai?  (sent from Kalyan)
trains from kurla?? (sent from Tilak Nagar)
what is status of central line train??? (sent from Diva Jn)
cat to Kalyan train chalu hai kya ? (sent from Chembur)
Vashi to CST? (sent from Vashi Stn.)
What namrata (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
? (sent from Airoli Stn.)
what is train status on central line (sent from Khar Road)
what is the status of train towards Kalyan from kanjurmarg (sent from Kanjur Marg)
what about the ullhasnagar  (sent from Elphinstone Road Stn.)
 sion to down chalu he kya? (sent from Badlapur)
ghatkoper see Kalyan trains chalu hai Kya? (sent from Jogeshwari Stn.)
?
hii everyone what is the status of central line...is train running? (sent from Santa Cruz Stn.)
i am in Amb train which just l eft ghatkoper (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)
ghatkoper see Kalyan trains chalu hai Kya? (sent from Jogeshwari)
mulund to karjat current status?   (sent from Nahur)
what is the train status CST to Thane  (sent from Chinchpokli Stn.)
pls tell what is the status of train  (sent from Vikhroli)
Ambernath to cst train ??
kurla to Thane train chalu chhe? (sent from Kurla)
ghatkoper see Kalyan trains chalu hai Kya? (sent from Jogeshwari)
is this right ?  (sent from Goregaon)
Kurla to Dombivli trains are running?? (sent from Chunabhatti)
people who are waiting for CST and Panvel at Andheri, suggesting to via Dadar Kurla route. all trains are running (sent from Chembur Stn.)
?? (sent from Kurla)
what is train status from thane to badalpur 
train towards Thane on time? (sent from Jogeshwari)
?? (sent from Kurla)
is badlapur train in time?
Dadar to Thane running or not? (sent from Vikhroli)
what is the status of central lines  (sent from Bandra)
?? (sent from Gtb Nagar Stn.)
whats the status of dadar to Kalyan trains?
Kurla to Thane?  (sent from Kurla)
any update thane to vikhroli? (sent from Thane Stn.)
what is train status from thane to badalpur 
Hi trains are running from kasara to cst? 
where is karjat train ? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
सेंट्रल लाईनच्या ट्रेनचं स्टेटस काय आहे  ? 
kurla se kalyan Jane k liye train Chalo hai kya? 
are all trains on time?? plz reply
which is the next train from badlapur from ulhasnagar? (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)
 daddar to CSMT IS RUNNING ? (sent from Vadala Road)
are slow trains towards Kalyan working? 
bhau kuthe? (sent from Seawood Darave Stn.)
mulund kalyan running? (sent from Chunabhatti)
trains in time ??
is the trains are working fine from dadar to dombivli (sent from Elphinstone Road Stn.)
what's the status on Kalyan train
is central line trains running?  (sent from Santa Cruz)
ghatkoper to Sion trains working?  (sent from Andheri Stn.)
Dadar to Kalyan local working? (sent from Vikhroli)
Kal bhi baarish hoga kya?  (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
cst to mulund trains are moving?? (sent from Churchgate)
train status from thane to karjat?  (sent from Koparkhairne)
cst to thane ? 
kurla se badlapur me liye abhi konsa train hai? (sent from Kurla Stn.)
udahr train aa Raha h Kya? (sent from Thane Stn.)
what is position between Dadar and CST ? (sent from Dadar Stn.)
pls. status from kasara to kalyan? 
what is position central line (sent from Chunabhatti)
kalyan to thane working?
train status from thane to kalyan?
dadar to CST route is normal or any delay ? please respond (sent from Dadar Stn.)
how are cst badlapur trains running (sent from Byculla)
what's the train status for Ghatkopar to Badlapur (sent from Nahur Stn.)
thane se koi fast train nikli? (sent from Mulund Stn.)
naru? 
is this true..... plz othet ppl confirm (sent from Vidyavihar Stn.)
thane to dombivli aahe ka ?? (sent from Ghansoli)
train's are running from Ghatkoper to CST ?????
trains at vikhroli?? (sent from Vikhroli)
ghatkopar to cst what is the status  (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
train status ?? (sent from Andheri)
are trains working from bandra to bhayander? (sent from Bandra)
any update of Vikhroli to Titwala trains? (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)
running properly but late.what happen helicopter not working?😂 (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)
has the train arrived on Thane station?
yes seriously,Everytime I open the chat only thing I see is the question it's difficult to dins the actual status,which very few ppl r posting,so it's kind request to all please post only updates
status at mulund stn?  (sent from Mulund)
what about Central line now (sent from Churchgate Stn.)
are trains from Kalyan on time?
status of cstm to kalyan? (sent from Jogeshwari Stn.)
ghakopar to CST slow? (sent from Vidyavihar Stn.)
any problem at kari Road station? (sent from Dadar Stn.)
kalyan to Dadar 🚆 chalu he Kay?
any updates about Central line local position? (sent from Kalyan)
what is status of dadar to Thane (sent from Santa Cruz)
What's the status about kurla to titwala...?  (sent from Kurla)
trains ??
please confirm mi thane to badlapur train working naa???? (sent from Thane Stn.)
 trains from thane to baldpaur ?? on time  (sent from Vashi Stn.)
what is latest update from cst (sent from Cst Stn.)
Ambernath to Thane Chalu Aahe Ka?
kurla to dadar chalu hai kya?
trains from thane to badlapur?? (sent from Sanpada Stn.)
what about trains from dadar towards vidyavihar? 
what's train status towards kalyan side?
thane to vidyavihar running prprly??? (sent from Koparkhairne)
fast trains are running, boarded a karjat fast which is around 10 mins late (sent from Mulund Stn.)
how are trains running in central  (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)
Thane to kurla train chalu hai?  (sent from Gtb Nagar Stn.)
what's the status of kanjur marg
trains chalu aahet ka from Dadar to Badlapur? (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)
train are working to vidyavihar to dombivali..?
are wo dadar station ke idhar manchurian wala hai kya?
what's the status of train  (sent from Mulund)
asangaon train arriving titwala?
are trains moving from byculla to Mulund?? (sent from Byculla Stn.)
any issue between Dadar to csT ? please give update (sent from Dadar Stn.)
 what about central line (sent from Thane)
what's the status of trains from Parel to Kalyan? (sent from Elphinstone Road Stn.)
kurla station se thane ke liye trains chal rahi hai kya?
 I took a train from Ghatkopar station 4:07 kasara  SF which game at 4:50 but now I have reached Kopar station  (sent from Kopar Stn.)
are Central lines ok ? (sent from Jogeshwari Stn.)
what is the status towards Kalyan from Ghatkopar
what about cst to badlapur (sent from Marine Lines Stn.)
train between Kurla and Kalyan running??? (sent from Bandra)
kurla to thane train are running or not?
ye chats main sirf ladikiyoko reply Dena jaruri he Kya? (sent from Dombivli)
hows the rain in thane..? (sent from Belapur Cbd Stn.)
what about Thane to kalyan (sent from Koparkhairne Stn.)
train status from thane to Kalyan???
train running bahut to dadar ? (sent from Nahur Stn.)
Ghatkopar to Kalyan r running??  (sent from Santa Cruz Stn.)
what is the  status of train for karat  (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
dadar to cst? (sent from Dadar Stn.)
kanjurmarg to kalyan train chalu hai kya ?
trains running towards Kalyan..? (sent from Ghansoli)
are train running between Dadar-Kurla? (sent from Borivali)
Thane to Dadar chalu hai kya??
train status from ghatkopar to Badlapur?
Are trains running from kalyan to Thane?  (sent from Vithalwadi)
hello... Mulund to Kalyan.. ?
what I s the train status from CST to kurla (sent from Tilak Nagar)
any karjat train between CST and byculla?? (sent from Byculla Stn.)
what about raining and water logging?  (sent from Lower Parel)
are ghatkopar to thane trains working? (sent from Andheri Stn.)
dadar to dombivali train chalu hai kya???
Ghatkopar se Thane train chalu hai kya? (sent from Andheri)
central line chalu he?
any info abt trains from Diva to Bhiwandi.. are they running or cancelled? (sent from Thane)
kasara asangaon ya titwala line ka koi update ??? (sent from Ghansoli Stn.)
what is the central line status
status of central line towards cst ? (sent from Airoli)
train for csmt ?
any details about Ambarnath? (sent from Khar Road Stn.)
are where is CST to kasara train (sent from Asangaon Stn.)
central line Trains are running or not? please update (sent from Thane)
cst to thane chalu aahet ka ? plz rply
r trains working?  (sent from Sion Stn.)
approx.. 10-15 mins late? mulund to Kalyan?
what is status of local train from ghatkopar
Fast trains running from ghatkopar ?
are trains running? (sent from Elphinstone Road Stn.)
current train status? (sent from Thane)
thane to CST trains are available ??
kurla  to dombivli trains are running or not?  (sent from Tilak Nagar)
is the trains running in central line  (sent from Koparkhairne)
Thane to asangaon?? (sent from Thane)
may I know current train status? (sent from Thane)
what is the current status of Central Railway? Is the trains on schedule ?? (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)
Ghatkopar to dombivali Train are running???  (sent from Ghatkopar)
frnd's is there any update of kasara side local??? (sent from Ghansoli)
trains are late ya smoothly working?  (sent from Tilak Nagar)
ghatkopar to kalyan is clear?
what is train status from dadar to kalyan (sent from Kalyan)
Mulund to thane train running or not ??? (sent from Mulund)
kanjur se kalyan ke liye trean he?
what is the position of CST to Ambernath trains (sent from Masjid Stn.)
kasara train chalu ahe ka ? (sent from Thane)
dadar to thane train is running.? (sent from Matunga Road Stn.)
I have to travel between Nashik and dadar by Tapovan express...  should I leave? 
train chalu h kya dadar to thane? 
is central line on? i want to go to Sandhurst from kanjur marg (sent from Vikhroli)
I would like to request de Admin kindly remove n block those people who spread unnecessary rumours  (sent from Vikhroli)
towards dombivali train??
what is the status of thane to Kalyan
thane to Vashi status ? (sent from Mulund)
any body can say what is the status of CST to Ambernath (sent from Charni Road)
any updates about Diva Vasai local??? Please reply (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)
if the passenger train gets cancelled does the e-ticket get refunded automatically or do I need to cancel it? (sent from Churchgate Stn.)
helo fraands sion me chaiwala hai kya ?
what about ghatkopar to cst
is central line working? (sent from Kandivali)
is there any update towards kasara side?? (sent from Rabale Stn.)
what is the train status from kurla to ka (sent from Chunabhatti)
Wat about vasai -panvel memo ....?
what is the update of central line nr bhandup.. (sent from Jogeshwari)
dadar to kalyan train working? (sent from Currey Road)
is kurla to dombiwali train is on time????  (sent from Chunabhatti)
any idea on thane to kalyan train?
what's the status of slow trains towards thane
are fast trains running in central? (sent from Chinchpokli Stn.)
what about kalyan to kasara (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
what about vasai diva memo (sent from Kalva)
sab band???
any updates about Diva Vasai local?? (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)
ghatkopar to thane are trains running? if so is it crowded (sent from Andheri)
Kalyan to thane,  any idea? 
what about kalyan to kasara (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
any updates towards kasara side?? (sent from Airoli)
ghatkopar to cst?? (sent from Vashi)
DQ left CST or not ? 
r trains running from CST?? (sent from Churchgate)
please share central railway status ? (sent from Bhandup)
what about harbour line (sent from Chembur Stn.)
what about thane to kasara? 
karjat to CSMT any idea??? (sent from Karjat)
how much late (sent from Dadar Stn.)
Thane tak available hai trains? (sent from Kurla)
central chalu he kya ?? (sent from Andheri)
trains are running or Not? (sent from Thane Stn.)
sion la janarya train chalu ahet ka ?? (sent from Airoli Stn.)
for where (sent from Thane Stn.)
thane to Kalyan?? (sent from Seawood Darave Stn.)
central lines are running??
what is the status of train
kurla to thane? is it working?  (sent from Kurla)
pubg any1?
All trains are working in central line ??
Central line chalu ahe ka? 
what about down local ...? (sent from Kurla)
are the trains running fine between Karjat to Thane? Any help is welcome. My relative, a senior citizen, is traveling
what is the train status for Kurla to thane trains  (sent from Kurla)
asangoan la trian aahe ka?
train r on time?????? (sent from Bhayander)
ulhasngr to thane??? (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)
What is status of harbour
05.30 Dadar-Kalyan Fast cancel hain kya? (sent from Dadar Stn.)
what is train status
are trains from CSTM on time?
what's the status of trains towards CST? (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)
what is tge status of trains towards badlapur. can anyone tell pls (sent from Gtb Nagar Stn.)
dadar to Bhandup train is running ? (sent from Dadar Stn.)
central line ko koi problem hai kya?  (sent from Chinchpokli Stn.)
are trains running between karjat and kalyan ? (sent from Shahad)
train from dombivli - vikroli working ?
what about ghatkopar to badlapur train status?? plz update (sent from Ghatkopar)
thane to ambernath status? (sent from Nilje)
what is the train status from gharkopar to bhandup
is train running from Bhandup to Kalyan? (sent from Nahur)
what about thane to badlapur
what about from Dadar to ambivli (sent from Elphinstone Road)
are central trains working?
central line trains der se chal rahi hai kya? (sent from Chinchpokli Stn.)
titwala trn status?? (sent from Kurla)
what abt thane to dombivalu (sent from Airoli Stn.)
how is crowd at ghatkopar? (sent from Andheri)
central line working??
what abt ambernath to thane (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
what about kanjurmarg to thane
cst to parel train status? (sent from Churchgate Stn.)
vikroli to csmt train running or not
are trains running from thane to badlapur? (sent from Koparkhairne)
how abt trains from cst (sent from Elphinstone Road)
is anyone at thane stn?  (sent from Airoli Stn.)
thane to CST train working ??
what about  khopoli local  
what is the status off central railway
are trains running on central line? 
Trains working b/w sion kurla?? (sent from Bhandup)
any update on trains? (sent from Elphinstone Road Stn.)
train towards badlapur is running on time or how much late? (sent from Thane Stn.)
what about Dombivli to Thane (sent from Kopar)
what about status thane to dombivli (sent from Nerul)
trains for thane is running on time?
what is the status of central line (sent from Juinagar)
trains running from vidya vihar to mumbra ?????? (sent from Vidyavihar)
are trains working for vikhroli to Thane? (sent from Vikhroli)
what is the train situation towards karjat/Badlapur/khopoli (sent from Airoli Stn.)
CSMT k liye train chalu hai kya  ? 
train delayed or not? (sent from Mahalakshmi Stn.)
Status of slow trains from CST towards Thane?  (sent from Marine Lines Stn.)
What is status from cst to ghatkopr (sent from Cst)
train for karjat? (sent from Vashi)
vidya vihar to Mumbra?????????? (sent from Vidyavihar)
any update about Shayadri Express?Cancelled or running late??
kitna late hai ? (sent from Andheri)
any update about Dombivli-CST??
trains from dadar to bhandup?
what about cst to karjat train?
what is the status of train from thane to Kalyan  (sent from Thane Stn.)
what about central line ? (sent from Dockyard Road Stn.)
what is update of central line thane to Badlapur
Ghatkopar to CST train status kya hai?? (sent from Ghatkopar)
are train working ? (sent from Vikhroli)
thane se vaahi train status pls?
how much delay?? (sent from Mulund)
from dadar to kalyan train status?? (sent from Goregaon Stn.)
status of the train...are dey running normally? (sent from Kurla)
thane to kalyan? ny updates pls share
kitna delay?? (sent from Mulund)
trains from dadar are on time ? (sent from Santa Cruz Stn.)
what abt kanjur to dombivli
for karjat? (sent from Vashi)
दादर to कल्याण what status??  (sent from Jogeshwari Stn.)
cst to karjat ??? (sent from Chinchpokli Stn.)
Diva Vasai train are cancelled or what??? (sent from Thane Stn.)
what is status  (sent from Chinchpokli Stn.)
dadar to thane train??  (sent from Dadar Stn.)
dadar status ? (sent from Santa Cruz Stn.)
train? (sent from Chinchpokli Stn.)
central line working?
dadar to kalyan?  (sent from Jogeshwari Stn.)
central line kurla to dadar is working???
trains are running from borivali to dadar??
dadar to thane??
what is status from cst (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
is there train for badlapur (sent from Khandeshwar Stn.)
dadar thane working? 
Kalyan to thane... any updates??? don't wanna go to work..lol (sent from Shahad)
Diva Vasai nighali kya? (sent from Kurla)
Dadar to Thane?? (sent from Khar Road Stn.)
where have you reachd now ?
what is status of karjat train (sent from Kurla)
any update of train from kandivali???
Dadar to Thane?? (sent from Khar Road)
what is the status of thane to dombivali (sent from Vashi)
what is the status between sion to parel  . Is there  water logging.
trains from Currey road to Dombivli? (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)
trains are running properly? (sent from Belapur Cbd Stn.)
train update? (sent from Koparkhairne)
trains running from Kanjur Marg towards thane??? (sent from Rabale)
what is the status from karjat to kalyan ??
is 5.22  Kalyan semifast started from CST? (sent from Kurla Stn.)
what status of dadar to badlapur (sent from Elphinstone Road)
ghatkopar to Kalyan, how much delay? 
thane ambernath working fine?
thane to kurla trains are working? (sent from Airoli Stn.)
???? (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)
what about Thane to vashi  (sent from Thane)
kalyn train on time? (sent from Goregaon)
sure ????? (sent from Vidyavihar)
trains running from kurla??? (sent from Shahad)
chinchpokali to kurla? (sent from Chinchpokli Stn.)
thane to dombivali train is running? (sent from Thane)
bhai aamcha nitesh chavan ahe kay tu.. TCL wala?? (sent from Kurla)
thane to kalyan ? 
thane to ghatkopar running ?? (sent from Ghansoli)
cst train status? (sent from Vangani Stn.)
kurla to Kalyan? (sent from Shahad)
Kalyan to cst train chalu hai kya?
what's the status from Sion to Ghatkopar (sent from Sion Stn.)
train towards cst running? (sent from Vikhroli)
Thane to kurla status?? (sent from Tilak Nagar Stn.)
parel to thane train working ? (sent from Lower Parel)
status of central line is bad? (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)
cst to badlapur train start or not?
did you reach kanjurmarg or Vikhroli..? (sent from Churchgate)
kasara Semifast kidhar hai abhi?
what about Ghatkopar to Sion
trains are running though they are late, I am in slow titwala from Ghatkopar which is approximately 1 hr late. but from Ghatkopar it running properly.  (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)
 what is ghatkoper to sion train status?
what about central railway (sent from Churchgate)
what is the status of train from Ghatkopar to mumbra.  (sent from Malad)
what happened rush jayada hai train me ? (sent from Andheri)
what about vikhroli to dombivali 
can anyone tell me  train are on their time ?
trains are crowded or not?? towards kalyan
what is the train status from Parel towards Kalyan? is it working? (sent from Elphinstone Road)
badlapur train? (sent from Andheri)
is it too crowded in Ghatkopar ???  (sent from Kandivali)
ulhasnagar train?
what is train status 
what about trains towards CST??? r they running?? (sent from Chinchpokli Stn.)
is the train from ulahasnagar going to cst (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
how late are the train
what is train status kalyan to asangaon (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
airoli to thane trains aare working?
which one (sent from Airoli Stn.)
trains band hai kya ??
thane to vikroli train chalu he? (sent from Airoli)
whr is kasara train that is at 3.40pm from cst
what about trains from Kurla towards kalyan (sent from Chunabhatti)
from Ghatkoper to Kalyan... what is the train status 
is it too crowded in Ghatkopar?  (sent from Andheri)
what is the status of train from Mumbai to kalyan (sent from Vithalwadi)
Kurla to Thane??? what is status nw (sent from Kurla Stn.)
vikhroli to CST ? (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)
what is the train status on central line ?  (sent from Chembur)
Kasara Semifast train kuthe ahe? (sent from Mulund Stn.)
what is states of central line (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)
cst to thane working? (sent from Churchgate Stn.)
train is on time from dadar to kurla? (sent from Elphinstone Road)
trn status from thane to kalyan? (sent from Koparkhairne Stn.)
kurla to thane any updates?  (sent from Kurla)
dadar to kalyan status???
Ghatkopar to sion? (sent from Mira Road Stn.)
thane to kalyan? (sent from Shahad)
thane to kalyan is running time?? please reply 
what is status of kurla to kalyan (sent from Govandi)
are trains to thane on time?  (sent from Ghatkopar)
western train r on time???
central train thane st to cst running on time ? (sent from Thane Stn.)
Train status from thane to csmt?
are trains available from mulund to diva??? (sent from Mulund Stn.)
which the down train going to arrive at shayad plz reply
what's the status of CSTM to Thane (sent from Cst Stn.)
western ke chat pe pucho na (sent from Kurla)
Are PUBG khelnar ka??
what's status of cst to kalyan  (sent from Diva Jn)
dadar trains status ?? (sent from Bandra Stn.)
dadar to thane status? (sent from Malad)
train chalu he kya central line? (sent from Mahim Jn Stn.)
ठाणे बदलापूर चालू आहेत का ?
are trains working from Kurla to thane?
is training working between ghatkopar to dadar?
trains chalu hai kya mulund se diva jaane ke liye?? (sent from Mulund Stn.)
are trains running from Kurla to thane?
what is the status of thane to kalyan
Hi friends everything fine? (sent from Dombivli)
status of train towards thane? (sent from Bandra)
train chalu hai kya ??? (sent from Vikhroli)
central line chalu hai kya? (sent from Chunabhatti)
what is ट्रेन status Ghatkopar to kalayn (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
ठाणे ते बदलापूर चालू आहेत का ? (sent from Thane)
wht is d status of slw trns frm thane towarfs kalyan..? (sent from Thane Stn.)
karjat chalu aahet ka? 
what is train status towards kalyan ??? (sent from Mulund Stn.)
trains are running normally or late?
what about Ghatkopar to Thane 
what is update of train is running normally or late (sent from Currey Road Stn.)
are trains running properly from thane to ambernath??? (sent from Airoli Stn.)
what is train status from thane to dombivli  (sent from Vashi)
what is status for train (sent from Mulund Stn.)
what about cst (sent from Churchgate)
what is current train status
what is the status of dadar to kurla? (sent from Andheri)
what about central train
दादर ते डोंबिवली ट्रेन चालू आहेत का.? (sent from Kurla)
vikhroli to CST ? (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)
Kurla to Thane chalu hai? (sent from Santa Cruz Stn.)
thane to ambernath train status?? (sent from Turbhe)
express trains are running?
what is the status abt Ghatkopar to Ambarnath  (sent from Vikhroli)
can anyone pls reply for thane to Ambernath?
any water logging at Sion?  (sent from Malad)
is the tracks fill with water in central line? (sent from Mulund Stn.)
are trains running from dadar to thane? (sent from Lower Parel)
train chalu hai kya ?  (sent from Vadala Road)
what's the status of trans harbor from thane towards panvel 
thane se train chulu Haye Kaya ? (sent from Turbhe)
Trains are working normally? (sent from Kandivali Stn.)
central railway chalu ahe ka ??? (sent from Bandra)
is vik to Dom trains are working  ??
what about status Ghatkopar to Badlapur  (sent from Andheri)
Ghatkopar to Dombivali chalu ahe ka?
is there rush in Kalyan train?? (sent from Santa Cruz Stn.)
hello guys , anyone tell me, churchgate to virar chal rahi hai kya ???? (sent from Goregaon)
harbour train line on time? (sent from Juinagar)
train status thane titwala??
are trains trains from asangao to thane ?? (sent from Vasind Stn.)
any update regarding up side local? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
are kanjurmarg to Thane trains working? (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)
dombiwali to asangaon/kasara working...?
are trains plying from asangao to thane?? (sent from Vasind Stn.)
what is the status of central line? (sent from Elphinstone Road Stn.)
out station express trains chalu hai kya from kalyan to cstm?
ppl who already board plz keep updated (sent from Thane Stn.)
what abt Vikhroli to Sion???? please let me knw (sent from Ghatkopar)
Central line ? (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)
what is situation of train dadar to Mumbra (sent from Vile Parle Stn.)
Vikhroli to Dadar trains working? (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)
Are trains working from vashi to kurla??
borivali to virar chalu hai kya ??) (sent from Goregaon)
what about trains from thane to kalyan
Diva to Vasai are cancel or Running ?
what about dadar station towards kasara?
what about vikroli to Thane ? (sent from Vikhroli)
What about train status
anybody can tell me 5:46 Badlapur from Kalyan station status plz?? 
watter logging at sion ?
Vikhroli to Dadar trains are working? (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)
Badalapur to CST train status?? (sent from Badlapur)
central are ohk????
what about ghatkoper to mulund?
how much time late are trains running
what about dadar station towards kasara??
all the trains toward kalyan are cancelled till next update. stay where u r.
are trains working from thane to kalyan??
Vikhroli to Kurla working? (sent from Vikhroli)
Over head wire tuta hai kya? Ghatkopar main? (sent from Koparkhairne)
what about dombivili to kurla? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
vikroli to dombivali train are working ?
thane to badlapur train chalu hai kya??
hlo sir kalyanto?CST
what is the status for fast/slow trains running from thane to Ulhasnagar/shahad? (sent from Airoli Stn.)
what about ghatkopar to kalyan (sent from Ghatkopar)
train status? (sent from Tilak Nagar Stn.)
Thane to Kalyan update pls?
Any trains running from Kalyan to cst?
Ghatkopar to cst?? (sent from Ghatkopar)
 any train to karjat ... ? (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)
what is the status of Thane badlapur trains (sent from Thane Stn.)
what is the status of the trains ??
can any one give the update for harbour line? (sent from Mumbra)
what is the status of train to thane (sent from Elphinstone Road Stn.)
ghatkopar to dombivali train status?  (sent from Ghatkopar)
ghatkopar to dombiwali trains are working?  (sent from Malad Stn.)
what is the status between saion to byaculla slow track (sent from Tilak Nagar)
thane to asangaon train? (sent from Turbhe)
up trains to cst ?? (sent from Airoli Stn.)
thane to titwala chalu he ky? (sent from Thane)
CST to Thane train running? (sent from Cst Stn.)
train status ? (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)
Trains chalu ahet ka?
Thane to Panvel train any update???  (sent from Ghansoli)
Kurla cst train status ?
any delays of trains to dombivali?? (sent from Santa Cruz Stn.)
can any one tell what is the status at csmt
what about thane to kalyan
kura to thane ??? (sent from Chunabhatti)
ghatkopar london train working fine?? (sent from Kurla)
what is the status of thane to kalyan
what abt asangaon train (sent from Turbhe)
kanjurmarg varun train chalu ahet kaa?
Thane Karjat Departed from Thane?? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
Dadar to Thane local trains? (sent from Vikhroli)
is there any Train From Thane to Dombivali (sent from Tilak Nagar)
all  train are working no issues n stop asking again and again those who don't have any time paas  (sent from Thane)
Mail train from Kalyan to Matunga train time? (sent from Kalyan)
status?
 cst to dombivali? (sent from Kings Circle Stn.)
what is train status of kalyan (sent from Chembur)
what is status of bhiwandi to diva (sent from Bhiwandi Road)
what about trains from kurla
cst to kalyan status?  (sent from Parel Stn.)
what is the status between thana to dombivali (sent from Ghansoli Stn.)
sion pe kya haal hai??
are trains on time from cst to dombivali route? (sent from Kings Circle Stn.)
from thane to kyn status plzz????
train r running till cst?  (sent from Ghansoli Stn.)
what is the status from ambernath to cst train 
trains and where last now  (sent from Vidyavihar Stn.)
What is train status frm kanjur towards kalyan (sent from Kanjur Marg)
is there train from Ghatkopar to karjat?  (sent from Kurla)
Are trains running beyond kalyan towards kasara??  (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)
cst to Kalyan train chalu ahe ka???  (sent from Dockyard Road Stn.)
are trains on time from cst to dombivali route? (sent from Kings Circle)
status at currey road ?? (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)
from cst to kalyan train chalu hai kya wht position between that? (sent from Churchgate)
central trains working proper ? (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
cst to thane??
yes just got the update from my friend that central line trains r not working due to signal issue.
are trains working? (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)
how are central trains working? (sent from Jogeshwari)
how are central trains working? (sent from Jogeshwari)
where is 5.10 karjat train from thane (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
what's the status of trains b/w cst and ghatkopar?
what is the delay duration. (sent from Vashi Stn.)
what about central line (sent from Cst Stn.)
hello asangaon on time ahe ka ? (sent from Mulund Stn.)
r trains running now? (sent from Lower Parel)
Ghatkopar to karjat trains available ?  (sent from Kurla)
what is the status of thane to kalyan
what is the status of train from Ghatkopar to Thane? (sent from Andheri)
any trains getting cancelled  ? 
what status from kasara? (sent from Dombivli)
what is status of vasai to diva train (sent from Bhiwandi Road)
From CST to Kalyan train is going or not?
karjat train ??  (sent from Kurla)
CST to Kalyan? (sent from Marine Lines Stn.)
are trains working? thane stn
what about Ghatkopar to ambarnath  (sent from Vikhroli)
Ganesh nivalkar  are uh in train..? (sent from Mulund Stn.)
diva to kalyan localnyrain status??? (sent from Panvel Stn.)
what ia the positione of local now 
what is status of khopoli train (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
trains running on time?....from thane to csmt?
thane to Karjat 5:48 pm, came or not? (sent from Thane Stn.)
what about badlapur train status? (sent from Koparkhairne Stn.)
what status cst to Kalyan  (sent from Charni Road)
kurla to byculla running?
asangaon...where reached ..? (sent from Mulund Stn.)
now what postione of central line local (sent from Dadar Stn.)
CSMT to Ambernath working?? (sent from Rabale)
what a status of central local 
is slow train from Diva to Kalyan running on time?? (sent from Panvel Stn.)
where is titwala train (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
are central line train to Cst working??
are trains on time?
what about mamledar missal ? (sent from Ghansoli Stn.)
central line trains working?? (sent from Chunabhatti)
ghatkoper???? (sent from Ghatkopar)
Kalyan local chalu ahe ka?
what about thane to kurla????.........
कल्याण पासून चालू आहेत??? ठाणे जायला
ट्रेन वेळेवर आहेत का? 
Trains from kalyan towards Ambernath are running properly ?  (sent from Mulund)
Trains are running properly from kalyan towards Ambernath?  (sent from Mulund)
Trains are running properly from kalyan towards Ambernath?  (sent from Mulund)
bhandup to cst are trains running on time? (sent from Bhandup Stn.)
central line trains are running late?  (sent from Elphinstone Road)
dadar to thane trains is running or late runnimg??? (sent from Santa Cruz Stn.)
thane station towards kalyan status?
any update on trains from sion to thane?  (sent from Gtb Nagar)
are trains plying between thane and amber nath? (sent from Koparkhairne)
how about thane to khopoli its running or not
😂😂😂😂 Bahut acha hua that they didn't stop at Dombivli.......
train is running proper or not?? (sent from Thane Stn.)
how ia trains running for ghatkopar to thane
guys can any 1 tell me can we go fr vashi from gtb station??????????? (sent from Kings Circle)
what is the status of CST to Dombivli
train from kurla to ghatkopar is working?? (sent from Vashi Stn.)
any update on trains from sion to thane?  (sent from Gtb Nagar)
what is currently status 
where is titwala fast train from cst (sent from Bandra Stn.)
cat to thane running ?  (sent from Cst Stn.)
status at kurla station??  (sent from Chunabhatti)
any train towards cst ??? (sent from Thane Stn.)
what is status of central local train  (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)
are fast trains running good from dadar? (sent from Matunga Road Stn.)
? (sent from Ghatkopar)
before post , please read previous post , from that also you will get information which you looking for
what about Thane to Kurla trains?? (sent from Vidyavihar)
what position of train Kurla to kalyan (sent from Kurla)
plz let me know status of train from asangaon to cst? (sent from Rabale)
can u confirm train are is working or not
train status ghatkopar to kalyan..???
trains towards kly r working fine? (sent from Rabale)
what about Thane to Kurla trains?? (sent from Vidyavihar)
train status ?
anyone traveling from Dombivli to Thane by car??  (sent from Dombivli)
Ghatkopar to Thane train on?
I can't see any post regarding my query. Status of down trains from Dadar, and water logging at Sion-Kurla area?  (sent from Borivali)
what is the status from dadar to thane  (sent from Elphinstone Road)
kurla to mumbra train on..?
kidar ghoomra hai?
Are cst to thane trains running? (sent from Churchgate Stn.)
trains r working? (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)
how to let at 5.59badlapur train (sent from Cst Stn.)
frn thane? (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)
what is the rain situation
status to thane?? from cst. trains are Oon? (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)
bhandup to cst ? (sent from Bhandup)
thane to kalyan trains are running?? (sent from Airoli Stn.)
घाटकोपर ते ठाणे लोकल चालु आहेत का ?
any trains towards karjat?? (sent from Karjat Stn.)
trains from Dadar? 
cst to ghatkopar train chalu hai? (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)
how is central running (sent from Cst)
cst to ghtkpr status plz ? (sent from Churchgate Stn.)
kurla to Dadar???? Sion se Aage chalu he naa.. (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
status for trains from Kasara ??
train status form Kurla? to thane
what is the central line status now?? (sent from Chinchpokli Stn.)
what about CST train's status (sent from Bhandup Stn.)
what's the statu (sent from Masjid)
Dadar to kalyan trains on time ? (sent from Charni Road Stn.)
ghatkopar te  kalyan chalu aahe Kay ? (sent from Malad)
are there thane trains from dadar? (sent from Santa Cruz Stn.)
train status. from cst to dombivali? (sent from Lower Parel)
central lines trains from towards Ghatkopar on time?
trains chal raha hai kya till thane?  (sent from Lower Parel)
kasara line chalu he kya?
is sion station clear?
cst to ghatkopar??? (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)
khopoli to csmt local service chalu ahe Ka?
r trains running frm Thane to Kalyan??
hi what is the status of thane to cst trains?  (sent from Rabale)
karjat cha status kay aahe plz really urgent???  (sent from Airoli Stn.)
guys pls update for train status from Kalyan to dadar? (sent from Kalyan)
kurla to dadar chalu hai kya train?? (sent from Govandi)
ghatkopar to thane training  running smoothly? 
central line down status please??
panvel to Cst working? (sent from Turbhe)
are train working???
is thane to cst trains running on time ???
sion kurla me  kya hal hai??? Central line train chal rahi kya??? sion kurla towrda kalyan (sent from Goregaon Stn.)
dadar to Ghatkopar chalu hai? (sent from Masjid)
train working properly or not
what about trains from Thane towards kalyan (sent from Turbhe)
Are trains functioning smoothly from Thane to Dadar??? (sent from Dadar Stn.)
what's the status of train  (sent from Mulund)
Airoli to Thane trains running?? 
trains are running?  (sent from Kurla)
what's the status of train  (sent from Mulund)
what about trains from Thane towards CSMT (sent from Nahur Stn.)
 what is status for kurla to diva  (sent from Tilak Nagar Stn.)
kasara to Kalyan train chalu he kya?
current status from Thane to kalyan? (sent from Airoli Stn.)
what about trains from mulund to Kalyan??  (sent from Ghatkopar)
ghatkopar to thane status ? 
train status central line? (sent from Lower Parel)
what is status of Horbor line (sent from Rabale Stn.)
current status from Matunga to Mulund??? (sent from Matunga Road Stn.)
train status central line? (sent from Lower Parel)
Kurla Dadar running? (sent from Chembur Stn.)
express trains from CST chalu hai kya? (sent from Airoli)
what's the train status right now
next train ghatkopar to Thane ??? (sent from Vikhroli)
how is the frequency of trains for down towards kalyan dombivli
trains?? (sent from Cotton Green Stn.)
Kalyan to thane status? (sent from Kalyan)
trains?? (sent from Cotton Green Stn.)
trains are late? (sent from Cotton Green Stn.)
badlapur to ghatkopar trains working?  (sent from Ghatkopar)
express trains chalu hai kya? (sent from Airoli)
thane warun 6: 14 khopoli geli ka,??? (sent from Kalva)
are trains working???? (sent from Gtb Nagar)
kurla pe train on time he kya?? (sent from Chunabhatti)
what a latest status (sent from Kings Circle Stn.)
what about central line train..?  (sent from Kanjur Marg)
Are trains running ?
dadar to mulund chaalu hai train? (sent from Matunga Stn.)
status of train between dadar to thane? (sent from Borivali Stn.)
from Ghatkopar to Dadar tarin is working !? (sent from Vidyavihar Stn.)
kalyan to thane slow chalu hai kya??? 
are the trains crowded from Dadar station towards Thane ??  (sent from Matunga Road Stn.)
how late trains are running  (sent from Ambernath)
thane see ghatkopar slow chalu hai Kya? (sent from Thane Stn.)
train towards cst are running..? 
central lines ki train chalu h kya ? ghatkopr to kalyan
6:10 TL from dadar.. what is current location??  (sent from Dadar Stn.)
what ab8 harbour line from thane to vashi or panvel
what is the status from thane to ambernath (sent from Ghansoli Stn.)
karjat to kalyan ??
मुलुंड से तित्वला और कासारा साइड ट्रेन टाईम पे है क्या ?
karjat to kalyan ??
मुलुंड से तित्वला और कासारा साइड ट्रेन टाईम पे है क्या ?
what abt central dadar to down side trains plz let me know (sent from Borivali)
where is Thane train 6.00 ka (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)
cst to ghatkopar trains??? chalu hai???? (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)
? (sent from Thane Stn.)
 what about train status (sent from Mulund)
Are trains on time? 
how crowded is thane to kalyan train.at platform 2 thane (sent from Vashi)
how crowded is thane to kalyan train.at platform 2 thane (sent from Vashi)
what about cat to badlapur (sent from Dadar Stn.)
mulund train status ?
Kurla to Dadar status? (sent from Vashi Stn.)
kanjurmarg se cst trains are on time? 
how about beyond sion??  (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)
is there any train running towards csmt?  (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)
What is the status of down train to karjat
6 01 asangaon fast thane se nikli kya? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
central trains are on time ? (sent from Sandhurst Road Stn.)
train running?  (sent from Ghansoli)
thane to kalyan running fine?? (sent from Tilak Nagar Stn.)
what  is the position of siddheshwar express (sent from Seawood Darave)
6.11 Kalyan?? (sent from Dadar Stn.)
Mulund to Ghatkopar train are running proper or not?
thane to Dombivali ?  (sent from Thane)
asangaon fast kahan aayi hai? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
khopoli train? (sent from Lowjee Stn.)
are trains running from CSTM? (sent from Churchgate)
from wadala to tilak nagar is working ????
6:17 Ulhasnagar where has reached the train karjat to cst 
thane to CST trains chalu hai kya? (sent from Ghansoli)
6:9 ambernath train status?? (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
what is the status of central line
thane to var???? (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)
are the trains working from masjid bunder to andheri??? 
hey central trainr running?? chincpokli to Sion?? (sent from Gtb Nagar)
Mulund to Kalyan?? (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)
which slow train is arriving at dadar on plt no 1??? (sent from Dadar Stn.)
what is the status of central railway (sent from Vikhroli)
are trains running from Dadar ? (sent from Goregaon Stn.)
trains running?? 
trains running?? 
train running or what
what is status for central line (sent from Taloja Stn.)
mulund to Kalyan?? (sent from Kanjur Marg)
trains available for dombivali? (sent from Nilje Stn.)
where is khopoli train (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
Central chalu?  (sent from Reay Road Stn.)
please tell me what about titwala. train running  (sent from Jogeshwari)
Dadar to Kurla train status..? (sent from Jogeshwari)
trains are proper for. cst? (sent from Kalyan)
are trains working in central properly? (sent from Masjid)
thane to cst? (sent from Ghansoli)
pagal hey kya thu??? (sent from Malad)
what is the situation of train from thane to cst?  (sent from Thane)
Kalyan ambernath train running now?
is train running from thane to kalyan?
central route pe trains ki situation kya hai? any update will help.. (sent from Kopar)
what is status of karajat and thane train.. (sent from Bhivpuriroad Stn.)
vidyavihar to Kalyan? (sent from Vidyavihar)
whats the status of the trainfrm dadar to dombivli...do rply?  (sent from Thakurli)
what is the status for thane to badlapur trains (sent from Rabale Stn.)
what is train status from Dadar to masjid bunder??  (sent from Dadar Stn.)
train status ??
locals running?
what is the status of train (sent from Dadar Stn.)
are trains on for Thane to titwala?
y panvel train is not reaching kurla??? (sent from Kurla Stn.)
vikhroli to kalyan train is working or what? (sent from Vikhroli)
any train from titwala side? (sent from Shahad Stn.)
and titwala?  (sent from Dadar Stn.)
vidyavihar ka kya haal hai for train towards thane???? (sent from Vidyavihar)
guys are train running between dadar to Ghatkopar ? (sent from Jogeshwari Stn.)
what about thane to vashi route, are trains working (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
cst to ghatkopar 's working?  (sent from Cst Stn.)
is it trains running on time?
is there any trains running toward badlapur  (sent from Rabale Stn.)
are trains running on time?? (sent from Ghansoli)
central or western or harbour line which is better. (sent from Airoli Stn.)
are train available From kurla to Kalyan!? kindly inform (sent from Thakurli)
harbour line?? (sent from Taloja)
where is Kalyan train 6:01 at kanjurmarg (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)
Thane CST running on time? (sent from Vashi)
what about Asangaon to Thane (sent from Asangaon Stn.)
kurla to Panvel?? (sent from Taloja)
Kalyan to thane trains status??anybody pls update
is dadar to titwala running ? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
any status of train towards kurla frm thane ? (sent from Mulund Stn.)
what is down train status at ghatkopar 
what status about Thane to Kalyan train (sent from Juinagar Stn.)
Some peoples are just enjoying this conversation they dont have to go anywhere just want to know what happening. Stop it Guys. (sent from Kalyan)
are trains running towards csmt? (sent from Vikhroli)
local running??? (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)
trains are running g from thane to CST....?
hey.. how are you all (sent from Belapur Cbd)
what about 7.02 kasara from mulund???  (sent from Nahur)
trans harbour running ? (sent from Kurla)
where is the 6.01pm dadar to kalyan semifast train??? (sent from Dadar Stn.)
Are trains from Thane to CSMT  working? 
are trains working frm kurla to mulund? (sent from Mulund)
trains r running frm thane to cst?  (sent from Airoli Stn.)
Thane to cst trains are on time? (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
trains are late ???
thane to dadar train ? (sent from Belapur Cbd)
central line train status plz????
Where is Cst train ?
What about CST to Thane (sent from Churchgate Stn.)
are domBivali trains on time ??? (sent from Dadar Stn.)
status at kalyan? 
is cst trains are on time?
what. about Thane East to ghodbunder road.. ac buses are running? (sent from Airoli Stn.)
trains from thane running on time??
what about status center line upto badlapur
plz tell where is khopoli trn 
what is status about cst train (sent from Vidyavihar Stn.)
r the trains working from dadar to badlapur??
how late are trains are of central line
is fast trains from Thane to cst are on time?
badlapur to cst side trains are late ???? (sent from Badlapur)
any issues for vashi thane ? (sent from Vashi Stn.)
what is the status of central slow line 
where is khopoli trn
status from thane to upwards trains?  (sent from Ghansoli Stn.)
6:10 thane fast???  (sent from Dadar Stn.)
thane to upwards train status?  (sent from Ghansoli Stn.)
dombivli 6.30 CST fast 15 car . status? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
titwala to Dombivli?? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
what is the train status towards CST (sent from Vadala Road)
nahur to ghatkopar- working?? (sent from Rabale)
ठाणे ते कुर्ला रेल्वे चालू आहे का? कोणाला काही माहीत असल्यास कळवा कृपया (sent from Kalva)
dadar to ghatkopar? (sent from Charni Road Stn.)
any updates from thane to domb? (sent from Airoli Stn.)
for cst trains are running?? pl update
dadar?  (sent from Jogeshwari Stn.)
what about Thane to badlapur side??
did u cross mulund ? (sent from Mulund Stn.)
what is update on central line from Thane to mumbra
tumhi khopoli to CST sarva platforms baghitlat ka?? 
why what happened? (sent from Kalyan)
ghatkopar to thane ?
thane to Dadar update? (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)
KALYAN to thane working  kya??  (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
ghatkopar to Thane status? (sent from Andheri Stn.)
panvel vasai passanger train running properly 7.55pm trn?? (sent from Nahur Stn.)
panvel vasai passanger train running properly 7.55pm trn?? (sent from Nahur)
center train running properly ?? (sent from Bhandup)
what is the latest update on central railway (sent from Chembur)
bycula to kurla train status ?? (sent from Mahalakshmi Stn.)
kalwa to Kalyan train status??
anyone having update on trains towards CSMT from Ambernath? (sent from Thakurli Stn.)
  train status ?
asangao train status?  (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
any train towards Kalyan from CST? (sent from Vidyavihar Stn.)
cst to kalyan trains are working or not? (sent from Dadar Stn.)
any water logging in Kalwa??
how is situation
What's the update Ghatkopar to cst (sent from Ghatkopar)
what abt csmt to kalyan status
any boats available? (sent from Kalyan)
what is the update at Mulund Station  (sent from Mulund)
how much time 
Dombivli side Jane k liye train h kya diva se? (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)
what is status of csmt to kalyan (sent from Vidyavihar)
thane to Kalyan train status???
plz tell where khopoli trn frm. kalyan 
what about train to Kalyan
what?? (sent from Ghatkopar)
what status about platform no 2 train Dadar  (sent from Dadar Stn.)
what about thane to CST ?
train to Kalyan??? (sent from Thane)
status of train from kalyan to ghatkopar?
From Dadar how much time trains delayed towards Thane (sent from Bandra Stn.)
where is ladies special train pls update me (sent from Sion Stn.)
Asangaon train from thane? (sent from Turbhe Stn.)
what's the status for central line trains?  (sent from Nahur)
express trains running smoothly? 
कर्जत local working or not? 
are train working from Dadar to Ghatkopar?? (sent from Matunga Stn.)
Train Is Working Or Not
cst to thane train status? (sent from Vikhroli)
Kalyan to ambernath trains he Kya??
vasind to Kalyan ??
thane to cst ? (sent from Ghansoli Stn.)
kalwa me pani bhara h kya??  (sent from Kalva)
which route  (sent from Vithalwadi)
Ghatkopar to kurla.?
central line train status? (sent from Nahur Stn.)
vasai to diwa status??  (sent from Virar)
what the status at sion and kurla (sent from Dadar Stn.)
are Ambernath trains running? (sent from Ghansoli Stn.)
6:27 Kalyan Train kaha h right now ?? (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
trains are late by how much time 		?  (sent from Chunabhatti)
what about trains from Dombivali to CST ? (sent from Thakurli)
what is status of train from thane? (sent from Airoli Stn.)
कल्याण वरून csmt कडे ट्रेन चालू आहेत का??
sandus road trains running ? (sent from Borivali)
is train running properly from Thane to badlapur? (sent from Badlapur)
train at diva???
what is the status of ladies special train (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
central lines trains are working??
its urgent guys . . . are trains running from ambernath to sion ???? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
where is ladies spl? (sent from Mulund Stn.)
rush kitna hain? (sent from Airoli Stn.)
any water blockage at any station???
what about trains from Dombivali to CST? (sent from Thakurli)
trains are running or not ?
what is the train status from thane Stn towards kasara side (sent from Thane)
thane to badlapur train properly chal rha h ya Nhi? (sent from Badlapur)
how much time late train from Cstm?  (sent from Cst Stn.)
Dadar to thane what is the situation (sent from Lower Parel)
status from Dadar to Ghatkopar ?? (sent from Matunga Stn.)
is train service halted or running??? (sent from Dombivli)
trains towards CST??
central line working or not on time tell me status please??  (sent from Ghansoli)
what about ghatkopar
anyone in kalyan train halt just before the kalyan station? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
Kurla to Sion trains? (sent from Kurla Stn.)
Current status of central line?? (sent from Tilak Nagar)
what is the status- Thane to Dombivli? (sent from Airoli Stn.)
?? (sent from Vithalwadi Stn.)
thane to Ghatkopar treen what position
cst to dombivle status Kya h..?
thane to ghatkopar train status? (sent from Andheri)
???
kanjurmarg to ambarnath train status??? (sent from Vikhroli)
cst to Thane status? (sent from Tilak Nagar Stn.)
train chalu hai kya?? (sent from Cst Stn.)
what status central trak (sent from Kopar Stn.)
thane to Kurla train are running or not 
dom to karjat trains thane se nikali kya.....? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
any trains to Karjat? (sent from Badlapur)
what is status in masjid to thane (sent from Masjid Stn.)
Wht abt ladies spl ?? (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)
towards cst status?  (sent from Thane)
thane to cst train running??
what about badlapur train from kalyn
any idea by what time train will arrive at dadar station for thane? (sent from Dadar Stn.)
what about badlapiur train (sent from Vithalwadi)
Are Thane- Badlapur locals working?
what is status on central line towards ambernath (sent from Belapur Cbd Stn.)
kanjurmarg to Dombivli.. status?  (sent from Jogeshwari)
How is central line.CST to Kalyan  (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
Dombivli trains working or not?
6.56 thane status now?  (sent from Cst Stn.)
all trains up to Kalyan running smoothly ?
whats the status of central railway plz inform anyone on station asap? (sent from Vithalwadi)
central line ... thane to dadar working?? (sent from Kanjur Marg)
are trains crowded? 
what is the status of trains from Kalyan to cstm
what about 6.51 Thane Badlapur Local?? (sent from Thane Stn.)
what about 6.51 Thane Badlapur Local?? (sent from Thane Stn.)
thane to csmt?
status for kurla to thane? (sent from Airoli)
Ghatkopar to thane status? (sent from Ghatkopar)
what is status of trains from ambernath to dombivali? (sent from Ambernath Stn.)
status for kurla to thane? (sent from Airoli)
Badlapur to cst chalu hai ka. ??? (sent from Badlapur)
what's situation of Up line? (sent from Mulund)
Badlapur to cst chalu hai ka. ???
train chalu hai kya??? (sent from Elphinstone Road Stn.)
are trains running from CST to thane?
train chalu hai kya??? (sent from Elphinstone Road Stn.)
thane to cst 🚆 are running or not 
kurla kalyan status?
borivali to virar started?
i think that mumbai railway should start special train frm kalyan n thane who stay ahead of it...specially in rainy season.. (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
dombivali to badlapur train are running???  (sent from Thakurli)
kurla kalyan status?
what is status Dadar to thane (sent from Dadar Stn.)
ghatkopar to bhandup?? (sent from Malad Stn.)
what the status of Thane to badlapur  (sent from Thane)
 shahad to kalyan train is on time??? (sent from Shahad)
thane to kalyan is running or not?
Is there water logging now as in morning (sent from Cst Stn.)
shahad to Kurla? (sent from Shahad)
ghatkopar to bhandup?? (sent from Malad)
ambernath to cst? 
what is status kalyan
parel to sion???? (sent from Elphinstone Road Stn.)
central line working from dadar to ghatkopar? (sent from Charni Road Stn.)
what about thane to titwala train status (sent from Vashi Stn.)
what is the train status from kanjurmarg to kalyan
khopoli???? (sent from Karjat)
trains frm kanjur are on time ?? (sent from Mumbra Stn.)
?????? (sent from Kalva)
Dadar station is super crowded,  those you can afford to go by Ola consider that option  (sent from Vadala Road Stn.)
parel to sion???? (sent from Elphinstone Road Stn.)
what is status  ghatkopar  to cst? (sent from Ghatkopar)
kitna time late he train? (sent from Mulund Stn.)
what is the position of thane ambernath train (sent from Turbhe)
what is current status of Ghatkopar to Kalyan train
kalyan to Csmt?? (sent from Kalyan)
is kurla crowded? (sent from Parel Stn.)
what is the trn status from ghatkopar to bhandup?? (sent from Goregaon Stn.)
from where?? (sent from Vashi Stn.)
metro chi info milel ka ithe?  (sent from Thakurli)
where is ladies spl? (sent from Mulund Stn.)
What is the condition @Kanjur Marg anyone knows? 
train on time or what
what's the status of down side train
borivali to virar started ?
what's the train status from shahad to cstm? (sent from Shahad)
6:43 kalyan semifast...is it cancelled? (sent from Thane Stn.)
auto chalu hai kya Powai mein? 
Thane to Kalyan locals status ?
are the trains r wrkin central line towards cst? (sent from Thane)
Badlapur mai koi bridge girne ki new mili hai.... Is that true??? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
what is a train status Thane to kalyan 
Thane kalyan any issue?  (sent from Koparkhairne)
I got the train from Ambernath ...On 5:50..which is on time...I just reached to dadar now...which is 15 minutes late.. (sent from Dadar Stn.)
can I leave from to Zadar how are train (sent from Borivali)
thane to cst train running status?? 
what is the train status in central line
Auto in Powai? 
kasara train on time or not?
Thane Vashi train chalu hai kya? (sent from Thane)
what about kalyan to badlapur status
what about ladies special any update???  (sent from Thane Stn.)
where is it now... any idea? (sent from Thane Stn.)
wait let me reach csmt then tall you which train is there  (sent from Churchgate)
Badlapur mai bridge girneki news mili hai... is that true?? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
vashi to thane? (sent from Koparkhairne)
what  is  status  ghatkopar  to  cst  (sent from Ghatkopar)
how much late train in central line?? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
no water logging an y where on tracks (sent from Nahur)
kasara fast ? (sent from Mulund Stn.)
dadar see train running to Kalyan ? (sent from Goregaon)
where is 7.02pm fast local for kasara? (sent from Mulund Stn.)
what is the status ghatkopar to thane (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
currey Road to thane trains are working?  (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)
thane to Kalyan trains ka status kya hai guys, anybody knows??
thane to dombivali train aahet ka ? (sent from Panvel Stn.)
what's the status of central line from kanjur marg
any idea on dadar locals to Kalyan ?? (sent from Bandra)
Kalyan station express no 12111 was on time ???? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
dadar to thane trains chalrahi hai kya..?  plz tell me..  (sent from Lower Parel)
thane to cst working?
ulhasnagar to karjat?  (sent from Shahad)
trns r late? (sent from Vithalwadi)
what is status of central line  (sent from Ambernath)
guyzzz train late hai ? (sent from Ghatkopar)
what is the status for trains going out of mumbai (sent from Santa Cruz Stn.)
tomorrow morning train status?  (sent from Dombivli)
trains from CST towards Thane? (sent from Elphinstone Road)
THANE STATION HAI ? YAA DOOOB GAYA 
is trains are working in central???  (sent from Malad)
titvala  train chalu aahet ka???
tomorrow morning train status? (sent from Karjat Stn.)
thane to kurla?
Thane se Kalyan tak train chalu Hain? (sent from Vashi)
where is ladies special kalyan train?  (sent from Thane Stn.)
any suggestions abt 2 Morrow's climate?
what is status of CR from CSMT to Thane (sent from Cst)
how is the crowd for fast slow train
ambernath to cst chaalu hai kya? time pe hai kya train? status please (sent from Ambernath Stn.)
thane to kurla?
what is train status from cst to ambarnah (sent from Ambernath)
thane to kurla?
Boarded kalyan fast train from Dadar which is about to reach Mulund now. Its little late but plying normally.  (sent from Mulund)
what's the position of csmt kalyan licals
where is thane dadar train now (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)
what is the status of local trains  (sent from Shahad)
CST to thane??  (sent from Andheri)
is central line working fine? (sent from Titwala)
bhandup trains status kya hai?
ghatkopat to titwala trains working? (sent from Andheri)
ghatkopat to titwala trains working? (sent from Andheri)
thane to kurla?
CST trains working ? (sent from Churchgate)
r trains running on time?
ulhasanagar to kurla train status?? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
what about ambernath train ? (sent from Dadar Stn.)
mahalaxmi express -17411 is right time?
rush hai kya bahaut trains me? (sent from Andheri)
dadar to Thane trains is running? (sent from Jogeshwari)
Hi.. Whats the train status in central?
what about thane to badlapur local
Thana to dombivali chalu he?  (sent from Turbhe Stn.)
how much minutes late trains (sent from Kalyan)
central line Working Normally ?? (sent from Marine Lines Stn.)
what is the status of trains
what is the status of thane
where is ladies special kalyan train?  (sent from Thane Stn.)
what is the status
wt is d status now? (sent from Kalva)
r trains running on Time?
which semifast? (sent from Thane Stn.)
ठाणे से पनवेल जाने के लीये train चालू है क्या..??
train are available now ?
trains are in time? (sent from Badlapur)
what about cst to panvel trains?
wt is the status now? (sent from Kalva)
are the downside trains are running properly??  (sent from Chembur)
Is there still waterfalls at thane station? I don't want to miss it..
train chalu ahet ka ...?? (sent from Kalva)
hello frands? train kitna delay hai bata do (sent from Kalyan)
what status centrel line  treins (sent from Vikhroli)
what is the status of thane  (sent from Airoli Stn.)
अंबरनाथ ते ठाणे लोकल चालू आहेत का ?(sent from ambarnath) (sent from Ambernath)
what about kasara local (sent from Badlapur)
what about central line (sent from Shahad)
is train running from dombivali to word thane ? (sent from Nilje)
which semifast? (sent from Thane Stn.)
train status from thane to Dombivli?? (sent from Koparkhairne Stn.)
how are trains moving ahead of thane towards kalyan
what's the local train status today? (sent from Thakurli)
current train status? (sent from Thakurli)
is train running from dombivali to word thane? (sent from Nilje)
hii is the central line working??  (sent from Airoli Stn.)
what is the current status of the trains?? (sent from Dadar Stn.)
all up side trains are on time ? (sent from Thane)
what is train status for central line? (sent from Kalva)
where is kalyan semifast? (sent from Dadar Stn.)
thane to badlapur train kitna let h? (sent from Badlapur)
anybody going towards Kalyan who r in train pls give train status (sent from Thane Stn.)
any update for trains coming to ghatkopar slow from cst where it is (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
down central line running?? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
?  (sent from Cst Stn.)
kalyan trains are on time.?
thane to Kalyan on or no? (sent from Thane)
12701 hussain sagar is delayed? ( from ghatkopar stn) (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
are the trains working towards dombivli?
cst se thane wali train chl rhi hai ??? (sent from Kanjur Marg)
express trine time var ahe ka????
ghatkopar to dombivali train chalu hai l...?
is train on time at mulund station? (sent from Mulund)
what is the status of thakurli to car trains (sent from Thakurli Stn.)
thane to kalyan train chalu ahet ka ? 
for anyone and everyone who hasn't yet reached home. please don't lose hope and stay calm. it is unpleasant and annoying going through all of this. but being agitated will further complicate things. let's work together to go home. 
central line is delayed or not? (sent from Kalyan)
what about ambernath to cst? (sent from Ambernath Stn.)
thane to dadar trains ??? (sent from Rabale Stn.)
what is the status of trains from Ambarnath to csmt train (sent from Ambernath)
kalyan to cstms train chalu hai kay? (sent from Mulund Stn.)
by hw much time are trains from thane to dombivali delayed?  (sent from Thane Stn.)
are train running from Thane to kalyan?? (sent from Thane)
what is the situation abt trains
what happened to karjat fast  ... yar thambali ahe khup velapasun (sent from Nahur Stn.)
any updates of ladies special( cstm - Kalyan)?
Thane to Badlapur train hi kya? (sent from Badlapur)
does any water logging (sent from Airoli Stn.)
How late by train badlapur to csmt
is it easy to enter down fast train at ghatkopar at this time?
?
bahar baarish gir rhi kya...chaata leke niklu kya? (sent from Mulund)
what is the position of locals from Central to Western (sent from Kalyan)
,?? (sent from Bhandup Stn.)
thane station ka kya haal hai?? (sent from Vithalwadi)
??? (sent from Koparkhairne)
ulhas te karjat train chalu ahet ka? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
slow trains are ok from cst? (sent from Churchgate)
Mulund to titwala status...? (sent from Mulund Stn.)
what is train stuts from kalyan to karjat (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
thane CST train status ? (sent from Nahur)
Anybody going towards car from thane??
Thane to Titwala train chalu hai kya? (sent from Vashi)
kalwa-Cst ke liye trains hai kya?
what is the situations of trains from thane to Badlapur ..  On time or delayed ? if delayed  then how much time ?
cst to ambernath chalu he Kay??? (sent from Ambernath)
what's the status of up line ... ambernath to csmt...,????
what about thane situation? (sent from Shahad Stn.)
bhai log Kay status hai trn ka ? (sent from Bhandup)
 7:13 train from dadar to thane fast??  (sent from Dadar Stn.)
thane to cst train chalu he kya?
any information about 7.43 Badlapur slow from Thane? (sent from Thakurli)
where as d 6.51 thane badlapur?  (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
are trains of time? (sent from Santa Cruz Stn.)
baar baar yeh naa pooche ki train time par hai kya.....please pehle chat padh le phir aise sawaal pooche (sent from Chinchpokli Stn.)
are train working??
what about Thane to CSMT fast local...?
are trains on time? (sent from Santa Cruz Stn.)
where is kasara train (sent from Thakurli Stn.)
central la chalu ahe ka? 
what is the status of central railways (sent from Kurla Stn.)
thane to kalyan???
khopoli train status? (sent from Karjat Stn.)
thane to kopar ? 
dadar to thane.. trains working or not ?
 is there any problem at thane (sent from Mulund Stn.)
where is kasara train (sent from Thakurli Stn.)
where is karjat train.... (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
are train available from Kalyan to Thane?  (sent from Kurla Stn.)
where is it updated and why  (sent from Mulund)
what is status from cst to kalyan train  (sent from Churchgate)
is central line how much delay toward CST (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)
what about ambernath badlapur?? (sent from Thane Stn.)
what about Central line?? are trains properly working from Thane to ghatkopar??  (sent from Bhandup)
mulund to dombivli?  (sent from Mulund Stn.)
will i get a train from thane to cst now? 
thane se CST ke liye slow local ? (sent from Thane Stn.)
how is the situation of trains going to cstm (sent from Thane)
is there any problem from Ghatkoper to Kalyan.?
Is the train running betn cst to kalyn
7.40 dadar ambernath fast aaj hai ya cancel hai? (sent from Dadar Stn.)
Dadar to ambernath what is status (sent from Elphinstone Road Stn.)
is there any problem of train from dadar to dombivili  (sent from Dativali)
thane - panvel train chalu hai kya..??
wht happen between thane n Mulund??? Trains are stuck why?? any idea (sent from Thane Stn.)
why problem
7.14 @dombivli jo Karjt train hoti h...kidhar tak pohochll gai???
what's the status from ghatkopar to bhandup??
any train coming towards kanjurmarg for kalyan? (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)
Thane to Titwala train chalu hai kya? (sent from Vashi Stn.)
7.14 @dombivli train kidhar tak pohochi??? 
is there rain in matunga (sent from Thane)
is there running from Dombivali to kurla (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
written for night shift ppl?  (sent from Mulund Stn.)
fast are running ? (sent from Sandhurst Road Stn.)
7:41 Dadar Ambernath is on time kya?
i want to reach chembur. can i get a train from Thane to Kurla now? 
what's the current status of train towards karjat (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)
hi kanjurmarg to Thane on time?
what is the train status from kanjur to CST?
what is the problem near mulund station (sent from Thane Stn.)
what about 740 Ambernath from Dadar.  (sent from Dadar Stn.)
train stats from dadar??? (sent from Khar Road)
Thane to Ambernath trains are running or not right now ?
what about Matunga to thane (sent from Matunga Road Stn.)
what about 7:43 badlapur from thane? 
heyyy guys , what is the status of train Thane to badlapur (sent from Belapur Cbd Stn.)
what is CR current update ?
borivali to dadar? (sent from Malad Stn.)
what abt to karzat to cst of 7 :09 (sent from Vangani Stn.)
what is the position of thane fast of 7.16 fast from dadar..??  (sent from Mahim Jn Stn.)
what about vidhrbha express?
any update for karjat???? 
is there any train from byculla to thane fast? (sent from Byculla)
how r central trains?
what is status  from c s.t to ghatkoper (sent from Cst Stn.)
what about cst to karjat (sent from Churchgate Stn.)
what about manmad  express  (sent from Thane Stn.)
hey guys what is status for dadar dombivli train
what about kalyan to cst
what is the position at dadar ?
what issue Thane Tu mulund  (sent from Thakurli)
karjat train...?  (sent from Thane Stn.)
thane to ambernath?? 
thane station ? (sent from Thane Stn.)
status from dadar to thane? (sent from Dadar Stn.)
Kurla to Vikhroli??? (sent from Chembur)
what about thane to ambernath train ?  please reply  (sent from Ghansoli)
thane to kalyan trains are running or not??
what's the status for Badlapur train from dadar (sent from Jogeshwari)
is the train going on right? (sent from Dadar Stn.)
is there train running towards  kanjurg marg (sent from Belapur Cbd Stn.)
thane to karjat trains r late? (sent from Thane)
what is the status of titwala train
Kasara train is running or not
are trains running from ghatkopar to kalyan???
dombivali train is running?
what is the position of the  train?
now??  (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)
Is there still water logging near matunga station?
train are running towards kalyan??
In Mumbai when the Railways stop life stop. I must say Central railway done an impeccable job over the last two days when it has rained incessantly trains have been largely on time with some delay with minimum cancellations. Great job team u have gotten it right on the big days 👍👍 (sent from Mumbai Central)
what about 7.43 Badlapur ? any idea about this train? (sent from Thane Stn.)
how about duronto train coming from nasik?
Please update local train status between Dombivali and Thane on slow track?
guys what about downside train
what is status from asangaon station to csmt (sent from Atgan Stn.)
is there any train for titwala (sent from Elphinstone Road)
what is the status of central line (sent from Kurla Stn.)
railway is on time or not ? (sent from Atgan Stn.)
 train from cst are leaving on time??? (sent from Cst Stn.)
what's the status of trains from Thane to CSTM?? are they running?  (sent from Thane)
are trains running properly from Dombivli towards Thane? 
now,where is Karjat fast train reach? (sent from Goregaon)
vidarbha express announced on dadar station. those who want to catch the train rush to the station as it is 2nd announcement. (sent from Dadar Stn.)
which train fast or slow? (sent from Jogeshwari)
train status from kanjur to Currey Rd plz?
what is the status of train from dadar to kalwa plz tell me (sent from Virar)
what about karjat train?  (sent from Badlapur Stn.)
6:51 Thane to Badlapur kaha par hai..?? (sent from Ambernath Stn.)
train status from Ghatkopar to Badlapur ??
thane-kalyan? (sent from Vashi Stn.)
what is the update (sent from Masjid)
what happen ? (sent from Jogeshwari)
how are down locals moving from Ghatkopar?  are they on time? 
how much time would it take to start again ? (sent from Mulund Stn.)
shahad ko Kalyan trains on time ?? (sent from Shahad Stn.)
is there any problem between thane to kalyan or runninv softly (sent from Vidyavihar Stn.)
now iam mulund going to ulhasnagar what is status
what's the status of Karjat train..  timing 7:22 at kalyan  (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
yes from ghat. ok trains (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
How to late by traun ambernath to dadar (sent from Ambernath Stn.)
is there train running from Bhandup towards Ghatkopar (sent from Bhandup)
Kurla to thane trains late Aahe ka?
wats the status of train between Thane and Kalyan?? (sent from Vithalwadi)
why slow n fast???  (sent from Airoli Stn.)
where is karjat local 7.39 from badlapur...?? (sent from Badlapur Stn.)
Belapur to Thane ?? (sent from Vithalwadi)
any train between khopoli to thane? (sent from Airoli)
train status ?  (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
dadar to ulhasnagar trains are on time or what? (sent from Bandra)
what is the status from Dombivli to Ghatkopar  (sent from Thakurli)
what's is the status for Kalyan (sent from Juinagar)
thane to ulhas running ???? (sent from Thane Stn.)
is there any fast local coming towards kurla (sent from Vidyavihar Stn.)
what is problem of thane to mulund fast track? (sent from Mulund)
any update of 6:54pm train? CST F* (sent from Kandivali)
where is kalyan fast train  (sent from Vidyavihar Stn.)
thane to kalyan working? (sent from Vashi)
trains r on time or not
कर्जत से ठाणे रेल चालू है क्या?
what is the issue between bhandup And Thane (sent from Ghansoli)
central line chalu hai ?
7:43 Thane Badalapur train status ???
7.56 ambrnath dadar la ali ka? (sent from Khar Road Stn.)
karjat khopoli train is late ?  (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)
cst to Vikhroli chalu hai ?? (sent from Sandhurst Road)
what is d train status from asangaon to dombivli 
where is slow trains (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)
train status? (sent from Malad)
trian are on time or not??  (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)
trains towards kalyan are coming?
thane to kurla?
thane to kalyan train chalu ahe ka????? (sent from Thane Stn.)
What the Hell....All fast trains are passing through Slow track not stopping at Nahur Stn  (sent from Nahur Stn.)
rush hain kya? (sent from Airoli Stn.)
thane se kurla ka status kya h?
is the train working from thane to ambernath? (sent from Dombivli)
pr trains jari h na?
how trains are working from sion to kalyan ¿ (sent from Sion Stn.)
kurla to Dombivali train status?? (sent from Diva Jn)
thane to kalyan train running status ????? (sent from Thane Stn.)
what is the status at thane station is it clogged? (sent from Dombivli)
7:40 ambernath.??  (sent from Dadar Stn.)
Train for bhiwandi road from kopar is cancelled? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
are trains running? are the stations waterlogged? (sent from Ambernath)
Amabarnath ke liye train ranig hai ? (sent from Marine Lines Stn.)
airoli to thane train is running or not?  (sent from Ghatkopar)
status of train from Dadar to cst?  (sent from Matunga Stn.)
What's status of trains from thane towards dombivli?? (sent from Dombivli)
7:34 Thane to Kalyan slow Thane kon se platform par aane vali hai??
Is express are running on central ?? . because i am coming to dadar from pune by hydrabad express . please reply
Pls update ghatkpr to Dadar???? 
thane to CSMT status.?
is there any train for karjat?  (sent from Badlapur)
what is the situation at kanjurmarg? (sent from Churchgate)
8.03 karjat slow from Thane arrived??  (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)
plzz reply on it?? (sent from Dombivli)
what is status of center line 
CSTM to Thane working ? (sent from Byculla Stn.)
7:34 Thane to Kalyan slow Thane kon se platform par aane vali hai??
central line chalu hey Kya?  (sent from Cotton Green)
Thane to Ghatkopar fast train working ? (sent from Rabale)
thane to ghatkopar is running or not?  (sent from Ghatkopar)
badlapur to cst? (sent from Badlapur)
badlapur se thane train chalu hai kya ? (sent from Badlapur)
thane se aage train aa rahi hai kya amb ke liye??? (sent from Ambernath)
kalyan to Badlapur?  (sent from Vithalwadi)
now thakurli to CST train running or not?
what about mahalaxmi exp is running on time or not
what is the status of CSMT Amravati train (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
what ia status of Mahalaxmi exp kalyan to kolhapur
how is the situation of trains going to cstm (sent from Thane)
is train going to Dombivli from Ghatkopar? (sent from Mankhurd)
how is the situation in ghatkopar station is it crowded
is kalyan to camt line working? (sent from Kopar Stn.)
thane se kalyan train chalu hai kya.?
is express are running?
can i reach Kalyan ? (sent from Bhandup)
any problems at Mulund ? we are stuck for the past 1/2 hour  (sent from Thane)
what is the current status please (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)
Dadar to Thane trains running? (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)
what is the status of 8.03 thane karjat ? (sent from Vithalwadi Stn.)
what is status of central line (sent from Mahim Jn Stn.)
wht the train status?  (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)
what is the status for Thane to ambernath trains  (sent from Koparkhairne Stn.)
Ghatkopar to Thane???
is there any train to badlapur or karjat (sent from Thane Stn.)
Dadar to Ghatkopar ? (sent from Cotton Green)
karjat train status ...?? (sent from Badlapur Stn.)
train status of thane to Dombivli?? (sent from Nahur Stn.)
u send from virar... why spreed rumers
from where to where (sent from Thakurli)
is any problem in fast up train from thane to cst (sent from Andheri Stn.)
dombivli see Thane trains chal rahi hai Kya?
train status from nahur to Dombivli??? (sent from Nahur Stn.)
Fast train?  (sent from Mulund)
what about asangaon train (sent from Thane)
is dadar working well??
Titwala train @ 8:01 Vikhroli? (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)
water logging in dadar??
nahur to dombivali status??  (sent from Nahur)
are thane trains are running on time ? (sent from Vithalwadi Stn.)
I don't know how many guys will read this and try to think..but please people traveling to Dombivali and Thane kindly avoid fast trains..there are many trains for you guys and the distance isn't much..People who stay beyond Kalyan are the ones who suffer..try to think.. (sent from Mulund)
what is the status of fast train from Ghatkopar 
what is current status of train for downwards (sent from Bhandup Stn.)
Are slow trains running towards Karjat?  (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)
?? (sent from Vithalwadi Stn.)
what's is the status of central line in dadar
is the route from thane to kalyan active? (sent from Vithalwadi Stn.)
are trains running from Thane to CST? (sent from Mulund)
what about amravati express (sent from Mahim Jn Stn.)
kanjurmarg to kurla?? any update  (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)
status towards cst? (sent from Vidyavihar Stn.)
what about trains from Dombivali to CST? (sent from Thakurli)
what is positions form cst station to thane (sent from Mulund Stn.)
thane to kalyan ?
what's the status of trains running towards cst? (sent from Rabale)
what about train towards thane from ghatkopar????? (sent from Thane Stn.)
train status? (sent from Kalyan)
are slow trains from dadar are running on time? (sent from Goregaon)
train status towords thane ??
guys what's the status towards cst? (sent from Vidyavihar Stn.)
anyone? (sent from Vidyavihar Stn.)
8.03 Thane karjat arrived at Thane ? (sent from Vithalwadi Stn.)
dadar to thane?  (sent from Kandivali)
cst any update ? (sent from Koparkhairne Stn.)
ambernath to cst train? 
what is the status of local from dadar to kalyan
trains from Kly to CST? (sent from Kalyan)
is train reaching karjat station or being stopped at badlapur? (sent from Dativali)
khopoli train? (sent from Lowjee Stn.)
what's status from Thane to Kalyan (sent from Juinagar)
दादर साठी कुर्ल्या वरून ट्रेन आहे का? (sent from Govandi)
I am also asking but no one replied ? (sent from Vithalwadi Stn.)
which train is arriving ghatkopar??
where is karjat  (sent from Badlapur Stn.)
what is ambernath train status (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)
what abt asangaoan train
badlapur to ghatkopar trains are late??? 
8:03 cst train from badlapur where (sent from Badlapur)
is thane train heading towards vikhroli? (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)
??  (sent from Kanjur Marg)
train status from Sion to Dadar? (sent from Sion Stn.)
are trains running between Karjat to Badlapur?
central line chalu hai right ? (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)
what is the position of train from csmt to kjt (sent from Jogeshwari)
where is Badlapur train I am in Thane (sent from Thane Stn.)
is kalyan to dadar running? 
it's raining what in mumbai  (sent from Badlapur Stn.)
Hii all...what about central line
 is Thane trains on time now ??? (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)
thane to ghatkopr late he kya train ????
how about Vashi????
thane to ghatkopr late he kya train ????
towards dombivli?
is asangaon trains running???
what about karjat train (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
karjat train aahe ka?? (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)
byculla to kalyan status? (sent from Byculla Stn.)
train is running between thane to Dombivali? (sent from Airoli Stn.)
what about slow trains towards CST (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)
what is the status of trains in thane and beyond  (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)
central line trains are running on time?
what is the status at ghatkopar
thane to cst trains working? (sent from Airoli Stn.)
what is the situation of tracks?
KALYAn tak  fast 🚆 barabr as Rahi na? (sent from Kanjur Marg)
what abt 8:03 train...from Thane to ambernath....????? (sent from Thane Stn.)
karjat? (sent from Neral Stn.)
ya to Karjat? (sent from Thane Stn.)
what abt dombivli (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
what about thane to karjat train (sent from Thane Stn.)
what abt karjat train?!
ok wht amb? (sent from Mumbra Stn.)
is the khopoli - cst train running ? (sent from Khopoli Stn.)
main line time par hain kya? (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)
wht abt cst to dombivali..?
is kalyan -cst running?? (sent from Dadar)
trains on time or lare?
Dombivli to Ghatli par? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
from kalyan to cst train runnig or not 
is there train from ghatkopar to parel (sent from Ghatkopar)
how to travel from kalyan to kanjur marg..i am currently in jpr superfast express.
what abt dombivali (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
dombivli to CST?? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
is there train from diva to vikroli? (sent from Vikhroli)
where is 7-45 asangaon train (sent from Shahad Stn.)
what about Badlapur train
for central updates join central train update group what's app Mr. aniket 9653316585  (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
kopar to CST train status?  (sent from Kopar)
kitna late? (sent from Vikhroli)
Sach me kya?????  (sent from Ambernath)
what is the status of central line from ghatkopar
are trains running from thane to kasara?  (sent from Shahad Stn.)
thane to CST Whts the status...? 
can someone update the status of slow trains towards Dombivli?  (sent from Kalva Stn.)
Thane to khoparkarine train chalu hai ?? (sent from Chunabhatti)
8.43 asangaon at thane?? where is it now? (sent from Kalva Stn.)
what about titwala (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)
where is asangaon train??? (sent from Thane Stn.)
mulund status? (sent from Mulund Stn.)
sion?? (sent from Sion Stn.)
asangaon ?? (sent from Kalva)
what is status of asangaon train
how to late by train ambernath to thane (sent from Ambernath Stn.)
what is the status of central line trains  (sent from Juinagar Stn.)
Kyun? (sent from Dombivli)
is parel mulund route on time??
trains are runnig or not in central line ? pls frinds ans 
ambernath fast 8.32 from diva where is it (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)
status between dombivli & thane ? (sent from Dombivli)
are trains running???  (sent from Ambernath)
please let know what is status of cr towards karjat, I've stuck in traffic nr ghatkopar (sent from Ghatkopar)
Central line working?  (sent from Kanjur Marg)
what is the current status from Ambernath to Kurla (sent from Ambernath)
ambernath to thane local???  (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
8.43 asangaon  at thane ...Kahan hai?? please update (sent from Thane Stn.)
how are trains running from dadar to Thane? please update
Dombivali to vikroli train chalu ahe ka?  (sent from Thakurli)
how many train late (sent from Andheri)
any CST slow train arriving Kalyan? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
Karjat local running ?
Is there any delay??
what's the update  (sent from Dativali)
cst trains are running??  (sent from Diva Jn)
how is train situation in thane (sent from Airoli Stn.)
trains running from dadar to Thane? 
rush? (sent from Airoli Stn.)
asangaon??? (sent from Thane Stn.)
what the train status ... (sent from Vikhroli)
is train from kalyan to cst/thane running??  (sent from Kopar)
thane to badlapur trains are running? (sent from Airoli Stn.)
is cst to Thane slow trains running? 
cstm fast local running from ulhasnagar ? (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)
is all locals are running normal??
slow trains running? (sent from Kurla Stn.)
how is the rush in down train from kanjurmarg to dombivli (sent from Vikhroli)
Asangaon train Kaha pe hai?? (sent from Thane Stn.)
any slow CST train arriving at Kalyan? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
what is the train status from Badlapur to cst (sent from Badlapur)
thane kalyan chalu hai ? (sent from Koparkhairne)
where is 8:46 mulund fast train towards CST (sent from Mulund Stn.)
where is kasara local (sent from Ambernath)
trains are running or not
Kurla Dadar train chalu hai kya.?  (sent from Chunabhatti)
what about the train schduled (sent from Andheri)
any slow CST train arriving Kalyan?? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
both track is working?? (sent from Dadar Stn.)
What happen....  kalva se kalyan jane ke liye train hai ki nahi..... Plz reply someone (sent from Vithalwadi)
trains are running? (sent from Mahalakshmi)
where u r
what condition from ulhasnagar to cst (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
center line chalu hai kya ? (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)
from Ghatkopar status ????? (sent from Jogeshwari)
what is khopoli train status (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
are trains running from thane to kalyan...???
what is status at sion
kurla to kalyan chalu hain kya ? (sent from Chunabhatti)
any trains going to cstm from kalyan...how much they are late
ghatkopar to kalyan chalu aahet ka??????
train to cstm ??  (sent from Mulund Stn.)
Central lines ki train chalu h??  (sent from Goregaon Stn.)
Central line ki trains chalu h??  (sent from Goregaon Stn.)
how late are the trains? (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)
can u confirm train is working or not
What is the status from dadar toward down (sent from Jogeshwari)
any trains for Ambernath, badlaour? 
any info for fast train from thane to cst?  (sent from Mulund)
any update ....guj ki train chalu hui? (sent from Borivali)
ulhasnagar to cst lokal suru hai kya?  (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
is there anyone in amberth stn
what the status of kurla to cst train station (sent from Matunga Road Stn.)
fast or slow?  (sent from Mulund Stn.)
what is the status of the khopoli train (sent from Kurla)
what is the status of train from ghatkoper to Kalyan 
where is Asangaon train  (sent from Asangaon Stn.)
CST side k liye train he kya guys.?  (sent from Kopar Stn.)
what is the condition of trains coming to kalyan from ghatkopar
Badlapur train status? (sent from Badlapur)
what's the status of fast train from thane to cst?  (sent from Nahur Stn.)
status of thana to Dombivli ??
what is the statusl (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
ulhasnagar to cst status??  (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
what's the status of kalyan to cst train (sent from Kalyan)
what is status for slow train kalyan to cst (sent from Thakurli Stn.)
what is the status of up Ambernath to thane trains? are they running (sent from Ambernath)
what about thane to kalyan
is 9.26 Thane from ghatkopar on time?
central line chalu ae ka? (sent from Mumbai Central Stn.)
what abt kurla to kanjurmarg.., (sent from Kanjur Marg)
update about central line? (sent from Mumbra Stn.)
Wt is status of cental line? (sent from Kharghar)
CST TO KALYAN Trains are going on time? (sent from Shahad)
is there train running from dadar to thane (sent from Ghatkopar)
thane to dombivli train chalu he kya? (sent from Thane Stn.)
what's status of central railway (sent from Vile Parle)
what's status of central linee (sent from Vile Parle)
what is the status from thane to kalyan (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
what's the current railway status?? 
Pani abhi bhi track Pai bhara huwa hai Kya ?? (sent from Vithalwadi Stn.)
R train available from Ulhasnagar to Mulund.? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
trains from kanjur marg??
trains from thane?
any train left Ghatkopar towards CST or not? (sent from Kurla Stn.)
Kanjurmarg to Thane trains chalu ahet ka?
trains chalu hai kya from thane?
Kalyan to Thane chalu hai kya? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
badlapur tak chalu hai kya? (sent from Vithalwadi)
9:06 ksa local dadar pohachi kya?? (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)
dombivli to cst... slow..??? 
THANE dadar train running...?any idea (sent from Airoli)
slow train chalu ahet ka ??...Kalyan to Thane? (sent from Dombivli)
are trains running late right now of central line??? (sent from Ambivli)
what about tomorrow???Will trains be frequent tomorrow???Any update regarding this?? (sent from Ambivli)
it's Raining what plz share... by different locations  (sent from Vangani Stn.)
cst to dombivali local chalu hai kya?  (sent from Dombivli)
Is there any train from Thane towards CST (sent from Thane Stn.)
status kya h THANE to CSMT.?
Trains are late but running. Some are cancelled. I'm gonna catch the Thane local from Ghatkopar, which will be arriving in 6 min. (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
thane to kalyan chalu hai kya trains?  (sent from Thane)
where is 9.32 thane badlapur train?? (sent from Thane Stn.)
what is status of kasara fast train. (sent from Rabale Stn.)
karjat fast?? (sent from Sion Stn.)
r d trains running or nt?  (sent from Thane)
what is Exact Time Of Departure of Trains (sent from Vikhroli)
15 or 20 min late? (sent from Vikhroli)
central trains are running???? please confirm I want to go Pune
Can you read English? if yes, read what others have to say.   (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
what is status thane to csmt (sent from Thane Stn.)
running? 
are trains running between CST and kurla?  (sent from Sandhurst Road Stn.)
That's because trains are late by 20 mins, but running. Read what others have told for fu©ks sake. (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)
what about dombiwli to kurla
is there train from thane to cst (sent from Kalva Stn.)
what about dombivali to titwala slow trains  (sent from Kopar Stn.)
slow train for cst?? (sent from Thane Stn.)
thane to csmt train r working properly?? (sent from Bhandup)
9.30 Asangaon from titwala.. what's d running status of dat train (sent from Titwala Stn.)
wht about tomorrow local train it's working properly....?
slow train are on time ?
What about kasara local
guys what about karjat khopoli trains (sent from Karjat)
guys what about karjat khopoli trains (sent from Karjat)
any trains towards cst?  (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
tomorrow's train working?
from nallasopara?
what about trains in nallasopara
Ye central line wali chat hai. Go to western line chat box for better insights.  (sent from Nahur Stn.)
any trains towards cst???  (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)
thane to cst , training are running ??  please provide an update (sent from Thane Stn.)
is there train for thane to kopar khairne (sent from Ghansoli)
is there train for cst (sent from Nahur Stn.)
fast train to words Kurla ???? (sent from Thane Stn.)
what is status of central line
what is the status of fast train for kalyan (sent from Dadar Stn.)
Anyone from Thane wants to go to CST? There will probably be a train arranged. I'm in Thane local, so the same train will go to CST.  (sent from Mulund Stn.)
hey, any thane to dombivli trains running? (sent from Airoli)
are there slow trains from ghatkopar? (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
any train arriving on platform 1 thane? (sent from Thane Stn.)
what happening on dadar central (sent from Vashi Stn.)
Any fast looking coming to thane??
Any update on Khopoli trains? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
tommorow no any express cancellation news ?? (sent from Vashi Stn.)
what about kalyan fast train (sent from Dadar Stn.)
thane se train bhari aa rahi hai ya khaali?  (sent from Mulund Stn.)
Is any Train Stopped Between thane and kalwa station? (sent from Dombivli)
Abe train 20-30 minute late hai.. ya 20-30 minute me ek train hai??? clear batao... bik gayi hai gormint  (sent from Bhandup Stn.)
dadar to Kalyan train hai kya?? (sent from Andheri Stn.)
is it full or vaccant?  (sent from Mulund Stn.)
are train towards CST on time? (sent from Vikhroli)
karjat 9:21 from cst... has it left.. where has it reached? waiting at ghatkopar.. fot 9:51...still hasnt come (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
train chalu ahet ka?
what u said yaar 30 min pahle hi fast train se aaya hu bhandup tak (sent from Bhandup Stn.)
what u said yaar 30 min pahle hi fast train se aaya hu bhandup tak (sent from Bhandup Stn.)
can anybody tell me status of 15 car fast local to kalyan?
please confirm are running from kurla to kalyan?? (sent from Chunabhatti)
local trains are running ??? (sent from Masjid Stn.)
what is the status of 10:18 Khopoli local at Kurla?? (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
bhai driver so gya kya??? (sent from Nahur Stn.)
tomorrow it will be there or not ?? (sent from Masjid Stn.)
are Central train running on time ? (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)
Mumbai to  Pune kal Ke express trains cancelled hai kya? (sent from Kalva)
?? (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)
?? (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)
are trains on time? (sent from Badlapur)
what abt kanjur station to kalayan
Is there any train running from mulund vikhroli to cst  (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
trains working fine ??towards badlapur?? (sent from Airoli Stn.)
ghatkopar kab tak aaygi train? kurla jana hai (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
what is condition for central railway (sent from Airoli Stn.)
Vagani not raining.... In mumbai which location it's raining kindly share....  (sent from Vangani Stn.)
what's a status og central train? (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)
fast trains are working or not? (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)
where have you reached? (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
rush hau train me? (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
What are the update from Thane?? 
any train to reach ghatkopar towards kurla?? (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
kasara train is working properly?
trains are on time??? (sent from Malad Stn.)
are there trains running from Cstm???? (sent from Churchgate)
what abt update mulund
nahur to kurla train running?  (sent from Nahur Stn.)
that is the train status for down side?
Thane karjat/khopoli train??
is it still very delayed between Kurla to daadr ? please update  (sent from Jogeshwari)
nahur to kurla? (sent from Nahur Stn.)
subha sare char baje kanjur se dadar janeka train hai?
how late are trains running? 
is 10.25 CSMT from Thane arrived? (sent from Ghansoli Stn.)
is khopoli train running late , ??
what a busy day ya
hey cstm ke liye train hai ki Ni ?? (sent from Dadar Stn.)
koi muge batayga ki Thane aur kalwa statn k bich Jo train ruki thi vo Chali ki nhi? (sent from Dombivli)
where is raining  (sent from Vangani Stn.)
what is current suburban train status (sent from Kalyan)
Is there any train from dadar to Kalyan (sent from Andheri Stn.)
train चालू आहेत का? (sent from Kalva)
कर्जत BL ची काय हाल? (sent from Kalva)
ghatkopar to Badlapur train chalu hai kya? 
कितना लेट है? (sent from Kalva)
are trains on time btwn ghatkoper to thane?
why (sent from Thane Stn.)
kalyan la train chalu aahe ka?
any down train towards asangaon?
are there still conditions bad at sion?
what's suition soon station (sent from Kopar Stn.)
Trains are running from cst to kurla?? (sent from Ghansoli)
is the train going on between Dadar to Kalyan (sent from Mumbra Stn.)
 what is the status of Ambernath train... my husband is in dadar and his phone is switched off.... (sent from Boisar)
Are trains running from Kalyan? (sent from Bhayander)
do anyone have any idea about panvel vasai trains running via bhiwandi...are the trains haulted since morning? (sent from Kopar Stn.)
what is the status of Panvel to Nerul Train (sent from Khandeshwar Stn.)
उद्या सुट्टी आहे का भाऊ?
bolo?? (sent from Masjid Stn.)
WBU from dombivli? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
कोपर मध्ये दिवाळी?? 😂
other trains will be walking then? (sent from Kopar)
kal holiday hau kya ?? (sent from Masjid Stn.)
that's why I am asking  (sent from Airoli)
central line express on time? (sent from Koparkhairne)
what happened
how is the situation at Thane station 
nitin bhau kuthche ho??
ghatkopar to kalyan situation? (sent from Vile Parle Stn.)
is any one at Thane station.plz update
Kalyan local kaha pe he? (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)
what happened at koper please let me know (sent from Kopar)
what about from thane to Kurla  (sent from Thane Stn.)
train is going on ?? (sent from Ambernath)
दिवसभर काम करायचे थकलेल्या शरीराने यायचे हे शतमुर्ख किती वेळ थांबवतिल कुणास ठाऊक?  (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
thane me raining or not
Is it kalyan station logged with water??
trains late hai kya?
dadar varun train ahet Ka towards Thane...? (sent from Bandra Stn.)
abhi mumbai mei barish hai kya?
Kalyan to Kurla begins or not?
Trains are running on time or not? (sent from Shahad)
are locals functioning OK? 
Tomorrow school and colleges will remain open or not? (sent from Shahad)
again??????? it is always late hahahhahaha (sent from Kopar)
Who said? (sent from Shahad)
train status Pls in KALYAN? 
number lelo ek dusre ka aur what's app pe chat karo (sent from Kopar)
Maharashtra jansanpark kranti is thzz train running tmmrw?  (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
paus kadi parynt asel ajun???
khopoli train gaya kya kalva se?  (sent from Kalva Stn.)
It's raining any where know (sent from Vangani Stn.)
does anyone know if there is water logging in kalyan? 
are trains running from Dombivali to mulund?? 
where reached  (sent from Vithalwadi)
can anyone tell the condition of thane station, are train towards dadar running ?? (sent from Bhiwandi Road)
what abt train to kurla from parel (sent from Elphinstone Road Stn.)
where is fast khopoli now? (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
any update abt khopoli fast local??  (sent from Dadar Stn.)
fast train from Thane to Ambernath? (sent from Thane Stn.)
badlapur from cst?  (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)
karjat  slow time pe hai Kya ??? (sent from Ghatkopar)
where is CST khopoli now plzzz update
where is CST khopoli 
where is khopoli fast any update please ? (sent from Thane Stn.)
what is the position of shahad to kasra (sent from Shahad)
where is cst to khopoli fast. update plzzzz
where is titlwala 11.46 plz update  (sent from Mumbra Stn.)
Any update for last khopoli fast? (sent from Kurla Stn.)
where is khopoli fast right now? (sent from Dadar Stn.)
is this safe to go mumbai central bai dadar i will be reached at kurla 12:35 (sent from Nerul Stn.)
What is the status of KP 11.54 from mulund (sent from Mulund Stn.)
dadar la aali ka khopoli fast? (sent from Kurla Stn.)
Thane to Ambernath train available? (sent from Thane Stn.)
are trains running? (sent from Mulund Stn.)
what is condition of thane to Badlapur?
will the metro from ghatkopar function tommorow? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
barobar naa rukhsar?  (sent from Vidyavihar Stn.)
what abt mulund 
any trains left from Mulund now ? (sent from Thane Stn.)
any train towards Ambernath from Thane ? (sent from Thane Stn.)
? (sent from Thane Stn.)
any trains from mulund? (sent from Mulund Stn.)
what about kalyan to dadar  trains
where is khopoli train (sent from Lowjee Stn.)
people here jst ask questions but doesnt bother to update when others need  (sent from Mankhurd)
Kalyan se Ambernath side ka koi local? please only live people in train/station reply. People sitting at home n doing Timepass should avoid it as some people are stuck and in need of some help (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
where do u want to travel? ur at mankhurd right? (sent from Bhandup Stn.)
ohh u think can we rely on here? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
thane to kalyaan any?? (sent from Kalva Stn.)
where is khopoli? (sent from Thane Stn.)
subha ka office jana hai ya chhutti karen?  (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
I am planning to go pune tomorrow by deccan Queen, boarding from Kalyan but right now Irctc shows that train cancelled for tomorrow... someone plz update me is it true??  (sent from Vithalwadi Stn.)
what is the status of train
By road from Thane(Nitin Co.) to Borivali which one would be preferable? From Kurla or from Fountain?
Okay. I heard there is water logging near Powai or thereafter in Dahisar? Is that true?
dadar to kanjurmarg can I get train at around 4am ?  (sent from Karjat Stn.)
Wer is last karjat train?  (sent from Ambernath Stn.)
if 11101 train is late? (sent from Panvel Stn.)
Any update for karjast to cst fast ? (sent from Ambernath Stn.)
where is cst fast train (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
are trains on time??
is khopoli cstm fast on time?  (sent from Shahad)
on which platform can I get asangon local train in kalyan (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
cst fast train ?? kuthey (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)
chennai ekmore station from train no. 16127 guruvaiyur ex which plateform
 NASIK madhun yeu ka nako aaj?
thane to Kurla?? trains are late or on time??
where fast train reached? pls update (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
status of csmt fast train from thane? (sent from Kalva Stn.)
status of kasara train from csmt? (sent from Mankhurd Stn.)
are karjat going trains on time?? (sent from Kalyan)
7.15cst local is in time??? (sent from Badlapur)
Where is 5:53 Karjat-CSMT fast? (sent from Mulund Stn.)
Where is 5:53 Karjat-CSMT fast? (sent from Mulund Stn.)
8:11 from Badlapur comes on which platform (sent from Badlapur)
8:24 Thana start train will come on platform number 1 or platform numbrt 4?  (sent from Thane Stn.)
all? (sent from Shahad)
From kalyan to dadar train platform number? 
i feel ladies travelling in central line shud write to railways n protest (if unheard) for their first class coach position... it is between gents/general first class n gents/general second class.. it is a such position to b in during odd hours.. u can see how it is western line.. its @safe position (sent from Sion Stn.)
late Hoti hai to 6.18 pahale kyu chodi jati hai? (sent from Badlapur)
ladies first class is positioned wrongly n unsafe exactly between 2 gents compartments... in western line its not the case.. pls share ur views.. agree/disagree?  (sent from Chunabhatti Stn.)
khopoli train on time? (sent from Mulund Stn.)
where 7.16 train from karjat has reached now?? please revert (sent from Badlapur Stn.)
what about खोपोली train (sent from Kalva Stn.)
which fast train is coming  on thane to go cst (sent from Mulund)
is there any delay (sent from Thakurli)
where is khopoli train ? (sent from Dativali Stn.)
any problems in train? (sent from Thakurli)
kurla station la train  slow aahet ka? (sent from Vikhroli)
Kalyan train what time will it come  (sent from Chembur)
8:18 thane on time? (sent from Kalyan)
are trains running on time? (sent from Mulund Stn.)
where is ladies spc train  (sent from Nahur Stn.)
is 8.18 from kasara running on time?  (sent from Khardi Stn.)
what is Vitthalwadi to cst status  (sent from Vithalwadi)
Dadar slow train what is the position running late
where is 8.41 khopoli at Ambernath? (sent from Ambernath Stn.)
Is there any information regarding Diva-Roha passenger at Diva station? (sent from Titwala)
Any delays in train???? 
When this heck 18030 is going to move???? does anyone have any idea? (sent from Titwala)
kurla bridge is quite narrows do something or construct other bridge to get down at kurla when both up n down comes together it becomes inconvenient to passengers (sent from Kurla Stn.)
are the trains running on time between Thane to cst?  (sent from Bhandup Stn.)
what's the status of 9:07 CST from ambernath 
?
where is 9:15 from shahad titwala to cst (sent from Shahad)
where (sent from Thane Stn.)
koi shahad station pe hai Kya? (sent from Shahad)
konsi train aa rahi hai shahad pe? (sent from Shahad)
is train to asangaon 9:25, crowded??
why is there no train  (sent from Thane Stn.)
pls update, whether 9.39 from Badlapur is on time? 
9.30 Kalyan CST? (sent from Dombivli)
9.27 dadar fast from thane????  (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)
kalyan se trains late hai ?? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
where is kasara train  (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
9.33 cst fast lft from thane?  (sent from Mulund Stn.)
9:33 cst fast from thane left? (sent from Mulund Stn.)
where is kasara train now?  (sent from Shahad Stn.)
where is Kasara local
any idea where asangaon local is?? 10.06 asangaon from thane (sent from Kanjur Marg)
any dombivli csmt train at this hr? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
any dombivli csmt train at this hr? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
is central line on time ?
cstm to Thane train status?? (sent from Thane Stn.)
guys I request to everyone who ever taking the shoulder bag please take down while entering to compartment this will help to others also 
What's The status Of 10.06 CSMT train from kalyan? 
where is 10 54 CST fast from kalyan (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
10:57 kasara....kidar hai abhi? (sent from Thane Stn.)
where is 10 54 from kalyan pls tell status (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
10.54 from kalyan towards cst coming from titwala arrived??? plzz reply  (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
15 car kalyan cstm fast status? (sent from Thane)
12:11 Karjat - CSTM ka kalyan timing, late hai ya phir on timr? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
where is asangaon train from kalyan 12:27pm (sent from Titwala Stn.)
 I just forgot some of my imp stuff in train because of all the rush and hurry. will I be able to get it back? 
karjat fast on time ?? or late ?? (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
yes u jst need to inform railway police where u left the station & tell them u forgot u imp thing in train n mention them train timing where u got the train.they will help u
trains on time today? (sent from Kalyan)
Where is cst fast????
what is fast train from Dombivali to cstm reached  (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
what's the status of 12:53 karjat-cst fast train (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
any update of fast train towards cstm?  (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
how to reach pune
where is 12.53 from kalyan reached now??  (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
Where is 12.45 fast reached from ulhasnagar
where is khopoli train? is train on time?
where is 1:14 csmt train (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)
Is there any train for vasai from dombivli? 
1.14 cst fast...whr its is??? (sent from Thane Stn.)
is there any Maharashtra Bandh in August month. dates and details of Bandh plz. need to plan a temple visit to Miraj-Kolhapur
can anyone tell me where is 1.32 fast ?? from Kalyan ?
where is 1:32fast trine cstm (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
ambernath train 2.14 @thane what's the status (sent from Thane Stn.)
trains are not moving forward from Titwala from last 10 min? (sent from Titwala Stn.)
update about 2.13 Kalyan csmt?? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
are trains on time today from badlapur to cst? 
where is badlapur cst train leaving at 211 from badlapur? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
2.13 cst fast from thane where is it ? (sent from Thane Stn.)
where is Karjat - CSMT train now?? 2:47 Badlapur... (sent from Badlapur Stn.)
what about slow trian..from thane to badlapur .. (sent from Kalva)
where is karjat train (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
where is vaashi 
kahi problem aahe ky? (sent from Churchgate Stn.)
is there announcements of the same
how much delay of train is there
Wer is the cst train coming from Karjat to Badlapur? (sent from Badlapur Stn.)
for central ? (sent from Churchgate Stn.)
is there trains are working in kalyan kasara  (sent from Khopoli Stn.)
is there any announcement at station..! 
left from badlapur? (sent from Vangani Stn.)
is train from Ulhasnagar 4:11 pm is on time? (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
kasara to cstm train status?? (sent from Atgan)
what is train status in central line (sent from Ambernath)
between kasara to Kalyan..? (sent from Ambernath)
cst to kasara train status...???? (sent from Koparkhairne)
Anyone can tell me about 4 34 train at bhandup where it reacjed? (sent from Bhandup Stn.)
Anyone brother is on Atgaon station? (sent from Bhandup Stn.)
badlapur fast local ka kya status h? (sent from Bhandup Stn.)
thane user can uh tell me which local is on indicator at thane? (sent from Bhandup Stn.)
where is dadar - badlapur fast train (sent from Kopar Stn.)
where is dadar - badlapur fast train (sent from Kopar Stn.)
is there any issue between Thane to Kasara?? (sent from Kandivali)
train status ?? 
what's the position of kasara to csmt local 
kasara signal issue solved or not?? (sent from Seawood Darave Stn.)
anyone in 4.48 fast train to CSMT? (sent from Kurla Stn.)
kasara train issue solved or not?? (sent from Govandi Stn.)
any problems? what's happened? (sent from Goregaon)
I have update in whatsapp, up local are delay, is it true? (sent from Bandra Stn.)
is there any problem from Kalyan to cst line...??
are trains from kasara to csmt running ??
hi 7.01 cst on time? (sent from Vasind)
where is thane badlapur train? is it on time (sent from Thane Stn.)
are trains on central line on time? (sent from Vasind)
where is khopoli train, kalyan station timing 5.35pm
how ll I go from neral to matheran
what is status?
what is currant status of local...?
wr is karjat train? (sent from Ambernath Stn.)
CST fast local kasara CST?? status. Will board at Mulund
any problem between mulund and Dombivali?  (sent from Mulund Stn.)
same Kalyan train. but why? (sent from Nahur Stn.)
is there any problem in kasara or any other stations ? (sent from Nahur)
what is the issue of slow train....vidyavihar-kalyan train in stopped between nahur and mulund (sent from Nahur Stn.)
what is the issue (sent from Nahur Stn.)
What,us,the,issue  from,nahur (sent from Nahur)
but what happened @ nahur? can anyone tell (sent from Mulund Stn.)
what is the problem (sent from Nahur Stn.)
kalyan local halt between nahur n mulund. kua hua hai ?? (sent from Nahur Stn.)
come on answer 4 nahur? (sent from Nahur Stn.)
any problem between nahur and mulund? (sent from Nahur)
but why? (sent from Nahur Stn.)
what's the problem
what is the problem of slow line  (sent from Nahur Stn.)
any problem between nahur and mulund ?
any problem between bhandup and Mulund? trains lined up between nahur and Mulund  (sent from Nahur)
exactly what happened  (sent from Nahur Stn.)
is there any issue near Thane? Slow train stuck up at Nahur?  (sent from Nahur)
any announcement? (sent from Nahur)
what problem train not running bhadup slow line (sent from Nahur Stn.)
is there any train issue between nahur and mulund (sent from Nahur Stn.)
what's the problem?? (sent from Nahur Stn.)
any announcement at thane station? (sent from Nahur Stn.)
who all are in kalyan train, which is stuck ahead of  nahur. get down and proceed to nahur station n hire other mode of transport (sent from Nahur Stn.)
slow train r moving to fast track? (sent from Bhandup)
why (sent from Nahur Stn.)
what happen at nahur
what happen at nahur
why are trains not running towards Kalyan? any idea? (sent from Nahur Stn.)
why delayed 
what are problems are creating in central railway (sent from Nahur Stn.)
what are problems are creating in central railway (sent from Nahur Stn.)
is any issue with thane train (sent from Nahur)
what's problem (sent from Nahur Stn.)
why dombivali slow train stuck between nahur & mulund (sent from Nahur Stn.)
what happens at nahur (sent from Kopar Stn.)
but why (sent from Nahur Stn.)
why problem  (sent from Bhandup Stn.)
Any idea why the slow trains are not moving towards thane (sent from Nahur)
what happened on bhandup station (sent from Bhandup Stn.)
what happens (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
what happens at nahur (sent from Kopar Stn.)
Is Central Line Trains Are Delayed??  (sent from Malad)
trains on time???
delayed ??
why all trains are late (sent from Vasai Road Stn.)
why are trains not running towards Kalyan? any idea? (sent from Nahur Stn.)
is any issue with thane train (sent from Nahur)
kya hua hai mulund station pe??? (sent from Nahur Stn.)
what happened (sent from Nahur Stn.)
6.18pm dombivli local frm vikhroli  got stuck any reasons..? 
vashind 11.55 AM trin is to late evry day why (sent from Vasind)
why (sent from Nahur Stn.)
how much time it's late
Frome Thane trains r running fine?  (sent from Airoli)
on which stn? (sent from Nahur Stn.)
what's the problem on down slow line?? (sent from Nahur)
what happened 
is there issue in fast line as well?
is thr a problem with the fast trains too? (sent from Jogeshwari)
solving TIME ?
6.18pm dombivli local frm vikhroli  got stuck any reasons..? 
on which stn? (sent from Nahur Stn.)
kya hua, harbour line late kyu hai? (sent from Bandra)
what's the problem? (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)
Hyderabad local train is there or not
Hi what's the issue (sent from Nahur Stn.)
train is stopped between nahur and mulund from 25 mins anyone knws what is that issue??  (sent from Nahur Stn.)
Any one knows the reason ??
what's the problem with third clasd railway again.. 
,???? (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)
what??
whats happened? (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)
What's wrong? (sent from Nahur Stn.)
what's the problem on down slow line?? (sent from Nahur)
is any problem on central line?
delayed dont know why (sent from Mumbra Stn.)
is any propem in between bhandup to thane (sent from Nahur Stn.)
when dombevali train wil start it is stopped from 25min  this train is stucked between nahur n mulund (sent from Nahur)
what has happnd betn nahur to mulund central line ?? (sent from Nahur Stn.)
why thane train is not moving (sent from Nahur Stn.)
why Thane slow trains stand at Bhandup stn (sent from Mulund Stn.)
Is there any problem towards mulund (sent from Nahur Stn.)
from diva what is the status of badlapur slow (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)
kalyan train stuck at nahur outer ???? whats the problm
what's the problem between nahur n Mulund?
what is problem near nahur (sent from Nahur Stn.)
any issue between nahur and Mulund.?? (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)
any idea Mulund ke pehle train ko kya hua??
do anyone has any idea when the dombivli train will arrive in thane (sent from Thane Stn.)
any clear idea why trains are running late? (sent from Airoli)
why trains are delayed
are trains moving towards Ghatkopar??
is there any train issue due to rain
dadar se kurla train chalu hai kya ??? (sent from Jogeshwari Stn.)
any issue between nahur and Mulund.?? (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)
,??
manan kaisa hai? (sent from Nahur Stn.)
only slow trains?? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
what happen between thane & bhandup
what is problem near nahur (sent from Nahur Stn.)
?
what about Ghatkopar to kalyan 
which accident  (sent from Elphinstone Road Stn.)
manan kaisa hau? (sent from Nahur Stn.)
what happens  (sent from Thane Stn.)
kaisha accident???  (sent from Nahur Stn.)
nahur and mulund slow train why stoping (sent from Nahur Stn.)
central rail delay?? (sent from Nahur Stn.)
what is the issue (sent from Nahur)
Trains from Kasara to Kalyan on time??
problem kya h koi batayega.? (sent from Nahur Stn.)
what append to tain standing from 20 min near nahur
why train stop in bettwin nahur and mullund since 15-20 min
what is the issue in central line 
what happened (sent from Titwala Stn.)
what is the issue (sent from Nahur Stn.)
what about fast train (sent from Nahur Stn.)
how much time required? (sent from Nahur Stn.)
ka?? (sent from Mulund Stn.)
Anyone tell why trains are not running between Bandup to Thane  (sent from Bhandup Stn.)
what happened (sent from Kalyan)
what accident???? (sent from Nahur Stn.)
any issue at mulund station?
why train is nit moving..? (sent from Nahur Stn.)
are fast trains stuck too? (sent from Andheri Stn.)
why (sent from Bhandup Stn.)
what Happen....? (sent from Nahur Stn.)
train kab chalegaa ?? (sent from Nahur Stn.)
train kahan ho tum??? kahan ho tum??? (sent from Thane Stn.)
any one know what is the issu (sent from Nahur Stn.)
Kya Hua hai?? (sent from Mulund Stn.)
for trains update join what app gropp ..@7718050505 (sent from Thakurli Stn.)
what is happening at mulund (sent from Byculla Stn.)
what's the issue??
why
when train will start stuck at nahur (sent from Bhandup Stn.)
what happened to fast trains towards kalyan (sent from Vikhroli)
what about thane to Badlapur is it any issue? (sent from Koparkhairne Stn.)
what's the issue
for trains update what app.@ 7718050505 (sent from Thakurli Stn.)
what is the current status for nahur to cst  trains ,? (sent from Nahur)
Where we will get live updates of local train?
exactly what happened  (sent from Nahur Stn.)
reason jaan k kya karloge? you gonna magically solve it? (sent from Nahur Stn.)
what happened?  (sent from Nahur Stn.)
what happen?? towards thane train not moving .. since 30 minutes stuck outer nahur
central line late why (sent from Bhandup Stn.)
is there any issue at bhandup station (sent from Bhandup)
what is resaon for late (sent from Bhandup Stn.)
 the train is not moving from bhandup. is there any problems!? (sent from Matunga Road Stn.)
What issue bro (sent from Thane Stn.)
pls tell us why Thane 🚆 not moving stopped at Bhandup  (sent from Mulund Stn.)
why (sent from Nahur Stn.)
what is DA situation at thane stn 
why (sent from Bhandup Stn.)
what a problem slow train
why trains are so much late this time??
what is the current situation?
what is the status of fast and slow line? Issue on which track?
kasara to cst are on tim?
why trains are not working properly  (sent from Vile Parle Stn.)
any issues? (sent from Vangani Stn.)
thane to cst is woking or not
delayed but why?
what's the issue plz sent msg (sent from Nahur Stn.)
am confused...accident..? engine fail.....? (sent from Bhandup Stn.)
what's a problem Dombivali slow local (sent from Bhandup Stn.)
please share why slow trains are halt at nahur (sent from Nahur Stn.)
why train late ? (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)
accident or technical issue?  (sent from Nahur Stn.)
what happened? (sent from Vidyavihar)
what is the situation to kalyan to kasara  line  (sent from Titwala)
accident with what ?? (sent from Mulund Stn.)
 what problem??  (sent from Nahur Stn.)
what happen? (sent from Thane)
how much time required 😠 (sent from Nahur Stn.)
ino information at bhandup why train is halted (sent from Bhandup Stn.)
anyone in the middle of thane an mulund station in Dombivali train?   (sent from Nahur)
what is the reason for delay ?
what's problem in central line (sent from Dadar Stn.)
anybody is knowing abt the issue...???
anyone in the middle of thane an mulund station in Dombivali train?   (sent from Nahur)
are there rains in nahur?
kya problem huwa hai.... train is still stucked before nahur STN ??? (sent from Nahur Stn.)
what's the issue....?
how. much time to start. train??? (sent from Nahur)
what is the status of train from charno par to dombivali (sent from Andheri)
is there issue between nahur and mulund slow track train (sent from Nahur)
?????? (sent from Nahur Stn.)
what happened to train 
where?? at station? (sent from Nahur Stn.)
what is issue..?
when train ll start? any update (sent from Nahur Stn.)
status?
train why stop nahur station (sent from Bhandup Stn.)
what's the issue? (sent from Nahur Stn.)
Actually whats the problem? (sent from Jogeshwari Stn.)
what's  the problem ,train is stuck between nahur & mulund for 25 min (sent from Nahur Stn.)
What su the matter of train (sent from Masjid Stn.)
what about navi mumbai trains (sent from Kharghar)
but why center railway running late what isbtbe resion behind this 
what's the status
but why ? (sent from Nahur Stn.)
trains stuck before mulund. what is problem (sent from Nahur Stn.)
what happened (sent from Belapur Cbd)
what has happen (sent from Ambernath)
how much time required  (sent from Mulund)
stuck between Bhandup and Nahur stations.   what is the problem??? (sent from Bhandup Stn.)
is there any issue between Thane to Dombivli 
Are they resolving the problem or not?? (sent from Bhandup)
what's the problem (sent from Nahur Stn.)
what delay
what is the problem (sent from Nahur Stn.)
why train stuck at nahur
what's the issue @nahur. stuck for last 25mins (sent from Nahur Stn.)
thane to Cst trains are late?? 
main aona 5t bech rha hu 34000 main koi lega?? (sent from Elphinstone Road)
what happens (sent from Ghatkopar)
what happen with central line (sent from Bhandup Stn.)
what's is the problem going on (sent from Bhandup Stn.)
got 6:08 dadar dombivli train at kurla but it's stuck between nahur and mulund since more than half an hour.. any update? motorman has not announced anything yet.
what is the issue ? (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)
what is the problem?
what is the issue of the central lines 
what is the problem on slow track  (sent from Nahur)
why???? (sent from Nahur)
what is the status of c.railway
 why central railway is delayed (sent from Mulund Stn.)
Spam these guys who talk other than concerns  (sent from Nahur)
What is exact problem  (sent from Rabale)
is there any issue between Thane to Dombivli 
why???? (sent from Nahur Stn.)
why is central trains delayed (sent from Vikhroli)
sab train time per hi k? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
what is the problem ...stuck between bhandup and nahur on slow track (sent from Nahur Stn.)
wht happen in central line ????
why have trains stopped at central line...slow track 
from Ghatkopar to Kalyan how much time the trains are late
Why there is no any announcement when dombivali 6:20pm from vikhroli is halt at one place from last 25 to 30 min.. why no update from railway?????  (sent from Nahur Stn.)
any idea what happen to cst kalyan train? (sent from Nahur Stn.)
what happened
any idea what's the problem (sent from Dombivli)
so normally others slow train is working or not ???
what is the issue and at which station I have to go to kalyan (sent from Mulund Stn.)
there is some problem in central line????? (sent from Nahur Stn.)
which line  problem (sent from Vithalwadi)
what is the problem now
why delay in central railway  (sent from Nahur Stn.)
western line chal rhi hai.?? (sent from Elphinstone Road)
what is the exact status regarding the late trains (sent from Nahur Stn.)
why show train are diverted from vikhroli  (sent from Thane)
what problem in dombiwali train
status of slow local?
is any problem on dadar (sent from Matunga Road Stn.)
what happened train r not moving stop near Bhandup (sent from Bhandup Stn.)
what is the centrel line status 
why do these useless people even does not bother to announce (sent from Mulund)
why the train is stuck near bhandup? (sent from Bhandup Stn.)
are aata Kay zhala??? ata tar paus hi nahiye😫 (sent from Malad Stn.)
Is there any issues towards CSMT on Slow Track? (sent from Kalva)
wat is d status of down locals?? (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)
??
what's on fast track line. is any issue?? (sent from Ghatkopar)
how late (sent from Ambivli)
what happend....y trains r late (sent from Mulund Stn.)
what happened (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)
when its gonns fix?? (sent from Mahalakshmi Stn.)
Mi chalvu ka train ? (sent from Dombivli)
what is the problem between nahur Mulund (sent from Nahur Stn.)
what problem from central line (sent from Nahur Stn.)
what is the problem between nahur Mulund (sent from Nahur Stn.)
what is happen in central line local  (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)
what are they announcing? can't understand a word
why train has stopped too late in between bhandup and nahur
what happened train stoped near nahur station last 30 min
What's the issue happened??? (sent from Nahur Stn.)
what is issue between nahur n mulund (sent from Cst Stn.)
what 's  the  problem slow train not run (sent from Mahalakshmi Stn.)
why it is halting at bhandup for so long  (sent from Bhandup Stn.)
?
where (sent from Nahur Stn.)
 what happened between nahur and mulund
 is Asangaon 7.04@Vikhroli is on time??
TC Hai Kya ghatkopar pe ? (sent from Bhandup Stn.)
what is a issue 
any issues between bhandup and mulund?
?
what happen to central line train?? (sent from Belapur Cbd Stn.)
what is problem between Mulund Nahur ?? (sent from Mulund Stn.)
what happend 
why train has stopped too late in between bhandup and nahur
train issue on central line?? (sent from Bhandup Stn.)
what s problem (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)
I also reached dombivali was no problem.of train what happened (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
what is current status now. train running or not 
bhaandup ke station ke bahar Vadapaav Wala hai Kya?
status of fast train towards thane? (sent from Elphinstone Road Stn.)
is there an issue with central trains
where ru stuck (sent from Kopar)
why train late? 
late?? (sent from Ghatkopar)
its true?  (sent from Nahur Stn.)
why train late  (sent from Belapur Cbd Stn.)
what happened why central train stuck in between mulund and nahur
what happened problem train from Mulund? (sent from Nahur Stn.)
slow train nahur cross Kiya kya?? ya Abhi b stuck?? (sent from Bhandup Stn.)
can some one ask that Thane station master to at least update what has happened by train announcement inside train?  (sent from Nahur Stn.)
for local.train update what app on 7718050505 (sent from Thakurli Stn.)
what's the reason as I'm stuck in bhandup (sent from Bhandup Stn.)
Hello what is an issue a ladies special train is stuck between Kanjurmarg & Bhandup (sent from Bhandup)
just hug Central Railway?  train halted at vikhroli! 
what happened  (sent from Cst Stn.)
why trains  running slowly  (sent from Vikhroli)
what's d issue... stuck before bhandup (sent from Bhandup Stn.)
खरच की सहज काहीतरी. ? (sent from Nahur)
खरच की सहज काहीतरी. ? (sent from Nahur)
is there any improvement ? (sent from Bhandup)
what's wrong with platform no.1?
डोंबिवलीहून बदलापूर/कर्जतच्या दिशेने गाड्यांची स्थिती काय आहे? या लाईनवर काही समस्या आहेत काय? (sent from Badlapur)
why tarains are late between Nahur and mulund
what happened
No train to kalyan from kanjurmarg. whats about slow train…? (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)
what happened (sent from Ghatkopar)
what happend (sent from Nahur Stn.)
what is the update  (sent from Bhandup)
ledise special train stuck in Bhandup any update what is the problem  (sent from Bhandup Stn.)
what is problem from train dealy
what to do any idea?  (sent from Bhandup Stn.)
for local update what app me on 7718050505 (sent from Thakurli Stn.)
What is the problem
What happened people. Any news,? (sent from Nahur Stn.)
what is the problem  (sent from Kurla Stn.)
why the train is stopped in csmt
what is the status for Andheri to panvel (sent from Andheri Stn.)
some issue between Nahur n Mulund? (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)
what happened train to be very late? (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)
this is timing as per which station (sent from Bhandup Stn.)
are there any problems at slow track near mulund station? (sent from Mulund Stn.)
wht is problem..??Trains r stopped at Bhandup (sent from Bhandup Stn.)
7:15 titwala fast gaya kya bhandup se??   (sent from Kanjur Marg)
what is the issue
how r u (sent from Nahur Stn.)
what wrong happen to slow train?? (sent from Nahur)
what's the problem between ghatkoper and mulund? (sent from Vikhroli)
what is the the problem and where (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
is there any issue on slow line....train is not coming at kanjur marg station (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)
what's problem in train plz (sent from Marine Lines)
what is the issue ? (sent from Vikhroli)
what is the issue going on in c3ntral line slow trains (sent from Nahur)
Problem with only slow track???? (sent from Dadar Stn.)
for local trains update what app.on 7718050505 (sent from Thakurli Stn.)
Problem with only slow track???? (sent from Dadar Stn.)
what is the status of fast local from Mulund (sent from Mulund)
what is status from dadar to Kalyan fast train  (sent from Khar Road)
why do problem (sent from Bhandup Stn.)
what's the problem with slow trains (sent from Bhandup Stn.)
what is the problem are the train started
is there any train available to kasara (sent from Kalyan)
Why delayed train 
why the train not moving for 45 min (sent from Nahur Stn.)
any problem central railway?? (sent from Vikhroli)
any update why train stop  (sent from Nahur Stn.)
is any announcements  made on station (sent from Bhandup Stn.)
what is issue (sent from Bhandup Stn.)
problem solved or not ?? (sent from Kurla Stn.)
is there any train from kalyan to kasara (sent from Kalyan)
why are the thank trains late
whats the status of train...are running on time? (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)
are slow locals from cst to kalyan running? (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)
whats the status of train...are running proper? (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)
what is status between nahur and Mulund right now (sent from Dadar Stn.)
train are running slow.. anyone know the reason?? (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)
what is exact problem in central line (sent from Bhandup Stn.)
is problem solved?please update (sent from Nahur)
what is problem train. stuck up in between Bhandup & Mulund  (sent from Nahur)
does any one knows what happened (sent from Bhandup Stn.)
why are trains stuck between bhandup and nahur ?
What is status for Thane fast train (sent from Airoli)
why trains are stop (sent from Mulund Stn.)
what problems fast track  (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)
slow track between Nahur Mulund Jam, no idea what went wrong. kindly use fast track. (sent from Mulund Stn.)
is there any issues going on slow track toward thane side (sent from Bhandup Stn.)
what is the current status? (sent from Belapur Cbd Stn.)
no announcement has been done in train, please tell should we step out from train and start walking towards station??? (sent from Nahur Stn.)
are fast trains also facing the problem?  (sent from Bhandup Stn.)
what's the problem? (sent from Dombivli)
why train stuck in central line (sent from Vikhroli)
what happened at Bhandup
what is the problem (sent from Bhandup)
slow track stuck badly..what happen.. (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)
Announcement made at Thane station that Due to technical problems in the train between Nahur and Mulund. Slow Track is at halt. (sent from Thane Stn.)
are trains are running on time?? (sent from Jogeshwari)
what happened at Bhandup
no announcement has been done in train, please tell should we step out from train and start walking towards station??? (sent from Nahur Stn.)
andolan hai kya?? (sent from Mulund Stn.)
train stopped near nahur station. anybody know what's the problem
r u sure? (sent from Dombivli)
slow track stuck badly..what happen.. (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)
what current position at nahur
 train strat nahur yes or no? (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)
is everything ok now?  (sent from Kanjur Marg)
train delay..?? (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)
hi what's issue (sent from Bhandup Stn.)
slow trains Right? (sent from Bhandup)
nahur mein kya hua bhai ? (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)
hi what's issue (sent from Bhandup Stn.)
what is the problem betwn NAHUR (sent from Bhandup Stn.)
dombivali train is started running or not? (sent from Dombivli)
??? (sent from Nahur Stn.)
what a jok havi rain chalu  (sent from Bhandup Stn.)
what is the issue  (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)
if everything is OK then why trains have stopped  (sent from Bhandup Stn.)
what's the problem in central line? Thane train stuck at Bhandup 4 more than 25 minutes (sent from Bhandup Stn.)
what is the issue on Central line. we are held up between bhandup and nahur.
what is the issue in Kalyan semi fast local???? (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
what happens on slow local? (sent from Bhandup)
what wrong  at mulund station .... (sent from Rabale)
what the issue 
what is main issue (sent from Vikhroli)
 central train delay? (sent from Vikhroli)
fast trains are going smoothly? 
what is the problem between Mulund & Thane? (sent from Nahur Stn.)
departed from nahur to Bhandup ??? (sent from Vashi Stn.)
what (sent from Nahur Stn.)
What is the problem but.....
why slow track ia closed in kanjurmarg?? (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)
which one.. we r still in kalyan train at nahur outer (sent from Nahur Stn.)
is it normal now???  (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)
what happened on fast down track (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
what happene (sent from Nahur Stn.)
why delay in central line..what happend (sent from Bhandup Stn.)
slow trains status ?
Thane local announced at Kanjurmarg...Are trains running between Thane and Mulund? (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)
stucked dombivali train started moving? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
07:29ki Kasara local status?
why trains are late ?  (sent from Bhandup)
WHAT ABOUT MULUND AND NAHUR  (sent from Bhandup)
Thane to cst slow update?
What issue guys (sent from Badlapur)
where? train hill b nai rai (sent from Nahur Stn.)
what hpn at bhandup stn? (sent from Bhandup Stn.)
what's the issue
now where it is? (sent from Bhandup Stn.)
what is problem (sent from Vikhroli)
train is running between bhanup and thane late? (sent from Kalva)
which train ? dombivali? (sent from Dombivli)
Is it central railway going to solve the technical fault or not?? (sent from Nahur Stn.)
no slow trains from kanjurmarg?😤 (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)
how much time will it take for the train to start from nahur..?  stuck since half n hr..  (sent from Bhandup)
is there any problem on central
what is the reading (sent from Airoli Stn.)
what has happened? our train has stopped between bhandup and nahur since past 30 mins (sent from Nahur Stn.)
train started???? (sent from Nahur Stn.)
what's the problem??? (sent from Bhandup Stn.)
what is issue?  (sent from Mulund Stn.)
which matter (sent from Bhandup)
what is the reason for trains running so late (sent from Airoli Stn.)
any issue in train near nahur?  (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
why trains are halted at bhandup
why cr running late? (sent from Dombivli)
kya hua hai..?? (sent from Nahur Stn.)
kya hua hai..?? (sent from Nahur Stn.)
what is the issue with the slow track?? (sent from Bhandup)
what is the problem in slow line (sent from Nahur Stn.)
what's the problem. 6.29train (sent from Bhandup)
Stuck in Thane train at Bhandup in slow line,  whether slow line started?  (sent from Bhandup Stn.)
why are trains delayed for long? ladies spl halted near nahur since half hour (sent from Kanjur Marg)
what happened on slow track?  (sent from Kanjur Marg)
what is problem
which train? (sent from Dombivli)
6.40 slow Kalyan slow from vikroli  where is it
what is the issue with central slow train (sent from Bhandup Stn.)
anything unusual with the local waiting at Bhandup for 15 minutes ? (sent from Vidyavihar Stn.)
what is the status central railway (sent from Vashi Stn.)
what's the problem exactly (sent from Bhandup Stn.)
is there any helpline number given inside the train?
slow train which was stuck in between nahur and mulund just reached mulund station (sent from Mulund Stn.)
where is the piyush goyal  (sent from Nahur Stn.)
what is happening at bhandup & nahur stn. (sent from Vikhroli)
where is badlapur 8:14 local from kanjurmarg (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)
konti train? dombivali? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
are what exactly problem (sent from Mulund Stn.)
what was status was central line  (sent from Airoli Stn.)
which train timings (sent from Bhandup)
how much late r the trains running
aasngaon??? (sent from Thane Stn.)
is it true?? (sent from Bhandup Stn.)
why train are stucked (sent from Mulund Stn.)
६.१४ डोंबिवली (घाटकोपर पासून) च्या आधीच्या ट्रेन्स मुलुंड चया पुढे गेल्या आहेत का???? (sent from Nahur Stn.)
what's wrong  (sent from Matunga Stn.)
??? (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
still train are halted no moment what is the problem are we going home are not today (sent from Bhandup)
Ham bhandupmain Hain. Yahase Local kab niklega? (sent from Bhandup Stn.)
ata train suru zali ka? (sent from Dombivli)
what is happening on central railways?? (sent from Kanjur Marg)
what happened to the fast line (sent from Vikhroli)
Kuch tho gadbad hai?????  (sent from Vile Parle Stn.)
is there any announcement  (sent from Nahur Stn.)
what's the status in diva Station? (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)
towards cst fast train chalu aahet ka? (sent from Rabale Stn.)
what is the current updates (sent from Kalva)
what's wrong with the ladies special halted between kanjur & bhandup... its been an hour... (sent from Bhandup Stn.)
??? (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
is there any announcement  (sent from Nahur)
how are trains now
ladies special ab tak atki hui hai any updates? (sent from Bhandup)
what possition now (sent from Kurla Stn.)
what (sent from Dombivli)
when cr services resume please mention here (sent from Vikhroli)
I heard slow Trains towards Kalyana stopped at Bhandup. any idea if it true?  what happened, any idea?  (sent from Chinchpokli Stn.)
what's issue between nahur and bhandup  (sent from Nahur)
what happen exactly (sent from Dativali)
where is ladies special now,I need to know wifey in it (sent from Mumbra)
why trains are delay any info...??? (sent from Thane Stn.)
dmbli which stuckedat bhandup started now (sent from Nahur Stn.)
What is problem in central line (sent from Thane Stn.)
what is status now
any update on central line?
kasara train to CST chalu hai?
is there any announcement at any of the station (sent from Bhandup Stn.)
what is exat issue nahur (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
any update on central line? (sent from Ambernath Stn.)
train on cRly slow track delayed in between ghatkopar vikroli and next station any body knows what happened (sent from Bhandup)
today what's problem slow train is late? (sent from Thane Stn.)
what reason of late train now  (sent from Nahur Stn.)
Any issues on Central Railyway??? (sent from Thane Stn.)
why late trains
what is current status of slow train for dombivali (sent from Thane)
why problem  (sent from Kanjur Marg)
where is manmad passanger (sent from Thane Stn.)
is slow train working from thane towards cat ? (sent from Vashi Stn.)
what happened  (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
what is status of train thane on word?? (sent from Nahur)
where is the dadar local (sent from Dadar Stn.)
please any one update what is the isuue 
what is status of train thane on word?? (sent from Nahur)
is there any issues with central line ?
6:23 ladies local to kalyan is tuck between kanjurmarg and Bhandup does anybody know why it's been good 15 -20 mins it's halted
thane train which was stuck at bhandup started now (sent from Bhandup Stn.)
what is problem (sent from Mulund Stn.)
how abt fast trains..??? (sent from Thane Stn.)
what is problem (sent from Mulund Stn.)
Dombivli train which was stopped for 45 mins between Nahur and bhandup has now reached Nahur (sent from Nahur Stn.)
anybody knows exactly what problem going on? (sent from bhandup)
is any one in rajya rani express... where is train?? (sent from Thane Stn.)
where is the ladies special train ? From Kalwa (sent from Kalva)
train problem?
is there any issues with central line near bhandup ?
Thane Train which was stopped at Bhadup now moving slowly. (sent from Bhandup Stn.)
stuck in ladies specail... can any one tell how much time it will take to start a train (sent from Bhandup Stn.)
is there any problem in trains? (sent from Dombivli)
what is the problem (sent from Bhandup)
actually what happened  I dont knoq (sent from Bhandup)
plz say what happen (sent from Thane)
7.35 badlapur csmt????? (sent from Ambernath Stn.)
what about dombivali (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
why so much problem today (sent from Mumbra Stn.)
why is it late? what is the problem
is problem is sort or not? (sent from Kanjur Marg)
what hapn between nahis to mulund trains are running slow by 20 to 30 min late (sent from Bhandup)
what is the status of trains now (sent from Mahalakshmi)
what is the problem in central line between thane and bhandup  why the trains are slow (sent from Mulund)
where is ladies special (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)
what is the problem (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)
are slow trains running fine between Mulund and Thane? (sent from Mulund)
Are the train running properly??  from nahur to kalyan (sent from Nahur)
what is wrong in nahur
what happened at central line? (sent from Kalyan)
is it resolved now ?
whats d problem of trains? (sent from Govandi)
what is the problem on central line (sent from Bhandup)
autul problem???
kalva Status? (sent from Kalva)
Are trains running from vikhroli to thane now? (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)
where the problem in central line (sent from Mahim Jn Stn.)
what happened  (sent from Vikhroli)
any update on fast trains? (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)
kya hai yr.. kindly bato officese nikele kya?? @ bhandup (sent from Bhandup Stn.)
what is the issue in central line ?
aur abhi? (sent from Thane Stn.)
why so rush at thane no train??  (sent from Thane Stn.)
7:37 kalyan se dadar train nikal gai kay? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
what a relief, train moved after long time (sent from Mulund Stn.)
hello can anybody Tell me why train stucked between ghatkopar to thane (sent from Kanjur Marg)
arey koi toh btao ye train thane ki taraf bad kyn ni rhi h ????
any update on fast trains? (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)
y r trains slow? (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)
 train chalu zali ki nahi ajun??? (sent from Goregaon)
fast trains also moving slowly... from which station trains smoothly moving?  (sent from Kanjur Marg)
ata dinbivali train kuthey ahe? (sent from Dombivli)
what is the issue between nahur & mulund?  (sent from Nahur)
any problem @Badlapur??  (sent from Thane Stn.)
what's the reason for central line fast and slow track delays? (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)
what happened in slow train between bahndhu and nahur (sent from Bhandup Stn.)
any problem @Badlapur??  (sent from Thane Stn.)
what technical issue  (sent from Bhandup Stn.)
What happened near nahur?  (sent from Thakurli)
any problem in between vikroli ghatkopar?  train stopping (sent from Andheri)
Do they travel daily with you???
trains at Thane for kalyan ? (sent from Thane Stn.)
hi. heard cst to thane lines are delayed/ closed. is it true? (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)
Daily have issue how can slove problem 
anyone wants to share cab or auto ? bandup to thane or bha dup to belapur? (sent from Bhandup Stn.)
wht is status between mulund nd nahur station?? (sent from Mulund Stn.)
dombivali to cst chalu he?* (sent from Masjid Stn.)
काही प्रॉब्लेम आहे का? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
but what happened??
slow trains are running on time or not?
dombivali stucked train status Kay he? (sent from Dombivli)
central railway regular hay kya? (sent from Koparkhairne)
My friend stucked in between KanjurMarg and bhandup. What you guys did yesterday in mega block time. Just wasting peoples tax
why delay?
what is train problem between bhandup and thane (sent from Nahur Stn.)
trains still stuck ? (sent from Ghansoli)
 what's wrong between mulund and nahur on slow track 
what about central line (sent from Thane Stn.)
what the issue in central lane
what's status of central railway (sent from Vile Parle)
what is issue (sent from Dombivli)
what happened central line is delay?  (sent from Mumbra Stn.)
what problem in central line slow line (sent from Bhandup Stn.)
fast train time pe hai Kya?  (sent from Nahur)
is problem sortout? 
what is a issue at nahut station...?
whyy but what's issue (sent from Vile Parle)
what pro in central line  (sent from Mulund Stn.)
is there any issues ,ahead of bhandup? (sent from Bhandup)
what is problem with traim (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)
nothing announcement what weong (sent from Bhandup Stn.)
what is the problem (sent from Badlapur Stn.)
why are the trains late
wat is the present situation ?
are fast trains on time? are they also stopping in between? (sent from Dadar)
is the train slow in central line ? 
what the hell. how they can do this. Can't they understand, how this old people will catch another crowded train from Mulund? (sent from Dombivli)
actually what happened (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)
where is asangaon train. (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
what is the status for Thane to Kalyan (sent from Thane)
what about train in central line delay or stop (sent from Goregaon Stn.)
there was problem for Dombivli train which they cancelled at mulund station  (sent from Kalva Stn.)
train status??? (sent from Thane Stn.)
Where is ladies special
what happen (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)
what happened (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)
where is ladies special (sent from Thane Stn.)
which train is coming on gahtkopar fast track
what happened  (sent from Bhandup Stn.)
what happened to thane train (sent from Bhandup Stn.)
what's the problem 
where have the ladies socl reached, it was stucked at Bhandup? (sent from Borivali Stn.)
what is the issue at central line
what is the problem jst help us out stuck at nahur n bandup (sent from Bhandup Stn.)
why dombivelli trains stopped (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)
where is dombivali train which stucked in bhandup  (sent from Thane Stn.)
what's the problem in slow trains
why delay central railway local
??? (sent from Bhandup)
why trains late (sent from Bhandup Stn.)
are fast train running on time? (sent from Mulund Stn.)
what is the between nahur and bhandup (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)
what is status
why trains running slowly today? any idea friends? (sent from Bhandup Stn.)
what happened train are late 
what is the problem ? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
where is cstm slow train (sent from Kurla Stn.)
why not announcement in train (sent from Nahur Stn.)
what happen in nahur (sent from Vikhroli)
which track.....slow or fast (sent from Nahur)
where is ambernath Badlapur train (sent from Mulund Stn.)
why train is late any reason? (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)
Trains running in time ? (sent from Mulund)
7:46 tl train is where (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
but why are they late?
from where (sent from Elphinstone Road Stn.)
is the issue now cleared (sent from Bhandup Stn.)
what is the issue Central
still trains are running late? (sent from Thane Stn.)
what is the issue  (sent from Koparkhairne Stn.)
any news what is the issue  (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)
why all trains towards kalyan are late,  Ghatkopar  to Bhandup 40 mints? 
so that means they should be running fine now? (sent from Mulund)
is there any problem with central line ?
what time our Karjat train teach at thana (sent from Mulund)
Is CR on tym? ny mishaps?
koi 7 bje vale from ghatkopar ke kalyan train me chdha he kya ladies middle campartment me?? (sent from Bhandup Stn.)
what is issue on Bhandup station, any idea?
where is ladies special reach
why trains are running slow  (sent from Nahur Stn.)
what happen show train  (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)
what is problem in central line (sent from Bhandup Stn.)
why train stop between ghatkoper and vikroly
trains are running between kanjurmarg to bhandup? (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)
what's the issue (sent from Bhandup Stn.)
is there any problem with trains guys plz tell me
what badalapur dm (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
what is issue in train? (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)
one slow local was giving problems,  which was terminated at Mukund abd taken to crashed. now trains r running,  but slowly.  (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)
are trains moving normally from Kanjur?  (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)
why (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
pls leave the seats who where sitting long time and waiting Thane station the whi (sent from Mulund)
8.03 Thane Karjat left from Thane .? 
but what is problem in centreral traij (sent from Matunga Road Stn.)
what about fast trains (sent from Kalva Stn.)
badlapur ki train band h? (sent from Sewri Stn.)
what is issue plz explani (sent from Matunga Road Stn.)
what is the current status  (sent from Chunabhatti)
badlapur ki train band h? (sent from Sewri Stn.)
what is status at ghatkopar
did any one received notification of central line delayed by m-indicator...?  
what is the issue
trian stusts ?  (sent from Dahisar)
do we have issue on fast track ? (sent from Airoli)
Mulund train cleared? (sent from Nahur)
what is exact problem was going on anyone knows ? (sent from Bhandup Stn.)
any issues on central line? (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)
kisi ne central line delay ka notification receive kiya tha kya m-indicator se....?
what about fast trains? (sent from Mumbai Central)
fast ka status??? (sent from Mumbra Stn.)
y r trains stuck at vikhroli? (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)
but what the issue
are trains late today...why (sent from Thane)
what happened at nahur??? (sent from Thane Stn.)
what happened why are train slow  (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)
thanks but when it departed from cst (sent from Kalva)
central railway DRM tweeted that there was problem in one rack of local which is shunted out (sent from Kalva)
is there any problem near kasarat line? (sent from Thane Stn.)
thane se jana ka kya scene ha? (sent from Koparkhairne)
where is Badlapur train  (sent from Kalva)
 where is 15car Kalyan fast??? (sent from Mulund Stn.)
why Central line is delayed (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)
there was some technical problem in a train due to which it was cancelled from mulund station and now it has been moved to siding. hope now other stucked trains are started moving
why trains are to let today.?? (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)
heard there is a train issue at nahur and mulund, is it true? 
2ndly, have you'll noticed how much space does it take when a person is using mobile phone while in train? It's more than Bag as they block way by elbows (sent from Nahur Stn.)
dont knw actually what is the issue (sent from Mulund Stn.)
does any issues for up trains ??
why trains late from vikhroli
 thane to kalyan slow working or not?
why trains late from vikhroli
Why trains r running late?? Any updates 
has the issue between bhandup and mulund resolved? (sent from Nahur)
3rdly, if they carry it in one hand then how they'll manage the rush and push of physco passengers.. have you'll ever tried to check the weight wat they carry? (sent from Nahur Stn.)
Why trains r running late?? Any updates 
Just try to avoid usage phones (unless urgent) while traveling in train specially when standing and then see how much space is saved. (sent from Nahur Stn.)
why trains are slow...i mean extremely slow what is the issue  (sent from Bhandup Stn.)
why the trains are late (sent from Ambernath Stn.)
why trains late from vikhroli
what problem central line in fast track??? (sent from Bhandup Stn.)
till prblem between bhandup & mulund ?? (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)
what's the problem between bhandup and nahur (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)
nahur issue anytHing??
wat about manmad mail? (sent from Airoli Stn.)
where is it (sent from Dadar Stn.)
train delay reason ???? (sent from Nahur)
has the problem of train stoppage solved (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)
what is the current status
Hi Adarsh, any update? (sent from Bhandup Stn.)
nahit what problems (sent from Vikhroli)
status of 8.11 badlapur local from Vikroli? (sent from Vikhroli)
is any train issue  (sent from Elphinstone Road Stn.)
why trains late from vikhroli (sent from Vikhroli)
you are where (sent from Nahur)
Kya hua? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
why the hell trains are running late  (sent from Nahur Stn.)
any delay in trains now?? (sent from Chinchpokli Stn.)
what is the problem (sent from Mulund Stn.)
what happen (sent from Mulund)
what train problem
what is an issue  (sent from Mulund)
why there is no announcement in train, they should do this so that ppl will not get panic. (sent from Mulund)
tell me what problem. y r train late today (sent from Mulund Stn.)
is train running tane CST ? (sent from Vashi Stn.)
what's problem central line
what is the issue
what's the situation now from thane to kalyan slow  (sent from Thane)
thane - CST ? (sent from Vashi Stn.)
after mulund it is also slow??? 
train got derail smwer??? (sent from Vithalwadi)
what happened actually? why trains are running slow. (sent from Bhandup Stn.)
Which station  had wire issue??? (sent from Thane)
what happened? (sent from Bhandup Stn.)
whr is 8:03 thane Karjat train? (sent from Ambernath)
what happened? (sent from Bhandup Stn.)
central gharkopar to thane  what happend  (sent from Gtb Nagar)
any status why in central line slow tracks are late?
why train is late
why is train stopping in between (sent from Bhandup Stn.)
why the train is standing in betn bhandup and nahur any ide guys  (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)
Is there any issue beyond Thane towards Kalyan?
central slow trains late? (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)
what  problem happen in Brandon and than
any status why in central line slow tracks are late?
today what's central line problem 
what the problem with central trains.... it is not raining also then too the trains are late (sent from Thane Stn.)
trains towards cst running fine? 
upar k post padh lo please... sab question karenge to kaise chalega madam??  (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
plz tell me the status of Ambernath fast.. which starts from dader @7.40  (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
fast are running ok.......? (sent from Badlapur)
cst slow trn status from thane?
please anybody tell me that what's the problem at Central line why the train running very slow
what's problem bhandup slow track (sent from Byculla Stn.)
are trains running between curry road to kalyan? (sent from Kalyan)
IS Thane train is running late??? (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)
डोम्बिवली से टिटवाला??? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
what is the issue (sent from Bhandup Stn.)
why cetral train running late
where is titwala train  (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
thane k aage bhi slow hai kya??  (sent from Bhandup)
????
where the overhead wire is broken (sent from Dahisar)
what was the issue???  i took 7.15 thane train frm Dadar till at Nahur (sent from Nahur)
which train I can get from thane to ambernath (sent from Thane)
why trains are running late today (sent from Mulund)
why cetral train running late
why Kate today (sent from Mulund Stn.)
11302 How much late (sent from Gtb Nagar Stn.)
am at parel  what is slow train status    is it ok?? (sent from Elphinstone Road Stn.)
central line train problem??
are trains on time? (sent from Thane Stn.)
Did Thane Ambernath 8 30 local Arrived?
any idea why trains on Central line are not moving (sent from Nahur Stn.)
whr is 8:03 thane Karjat train? (sent from Ambernath)
why central line train are delayed? (sent from Nahur)
why r train late. 
why trains are delayed from ghatkopar to vikhroli 
what's issues ghatkopar to Thane?
thane slow who's schedule 19.34 is now 20.37 at mulund (sent from Thane Stn.)
is this issue solve  (sent from Thane)
what's wrong with slow trains? delayed by 30min
what about Mulund to cst (sent from Mulund Stn.)
is there any problem. train is so late
why trains are late (sent from Mulund Stn.)
what happen train is to late (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
train. band nahi Hui na .... slowly slowly chalu he Kya???
what is the issue at central line. Trains r running very very slow  (sent from Sanpada Stn.)
7.27 Dadar Thane train almost 30 min late, anybody knows the reason ? (sent from Nahur Stn.)
train is too late what problem happen (sent from Mulund)
any idea why trains on Central line are not moving (sent from Nahur Stn.)
where is the train (sent from Thane Stn.)
sitting public ka not even bother to gv sit to people who r standing from last 1 hr (sent from Mulund)
why slow train are running slow? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
where is the prob
where is the issue? (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
issue is solve or not
where is the issue? (sent from Thane Stn.)
what happened actually why late (sent from Kanjur Marg)
Can anyone tell what is the problem exactly? (sent from Nahur)
where have the 7:53 titwala from Dombivli reached? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
is there Kalyan to cst delay??
Titwalyala Trains janar ahet ki nahi...??? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
slow train thik hua ki nahi? (sent from Vikhroli)
Is there any trains issue goin (sent from Nahur Stn.)
Kalyan to cst???
now I m at thane what status of 8.43 asangoan (sent from Thane Stn.)
bhai log central line Mai kuch Lochan chal Raha kya? (sent from Bhandup Stn.)
problem काय आहे ?गाड्या उशिरा का आहेत (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
what happened
whats the issue , why training running slow} (sent from Bhandup Stn.)
is there any issue in Kanjurmarg (sent from Kalyan)
is there any issue in Kanjurmarg
ट्रेन लेट का आहेत? १ तास झाला ट्रेन मधेच बसलोय (sent from Mulund Stn.)
what is status between  mulund and nahur (sent from Bhandup Stn.)
can u tell me current status about train is going now or still issue is there? (sent from Dombivli)
why trains are so late today ? (sent from Mulund)
why trains are so late today ? (sent from Mulund)
what's wrong in central one  (sent from Mulund)
is fast train is working properly? 
what's the problem? (sent from Kanjur Marg)
what's the matter trains are haulted  (sent from Bhandup Stn.)
what is the problem at Kanjurmarg (sent from Kalyan)
is there any issue on central railway slow track? (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)
trains running slow?? wat happened
why there is delay in train at central line
anyone for walk? (sent from Kanjur Marg)
anyone for walk? (sent from Kanjur Marg)
asangaon fast train from CST left or not? what is its Status? (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
nobody know what is exact problem 
what's the issue wit slow trains it's been 1.5 hour train started from CSMT and have just no even reached Mulund  (sent from Mulund Stn.)
what happened in bhandup (sent from Bhandup Stn.)
are trains running better now? between Ghatkopar and Thane? (sent from Thane)
why slow trains r not running properly  (sent from Bhandup)
a dombivli local's engine malfunctioned between nahur and mulund causing backlogs on slow lane. @ppl wondering why there's a delay. (sent from Ghansoli Stn.)
hey!!!! Whats the issue with slow track toward kalyan on central line??? (sent from Thane)
what issue??? (sent from Nahur)
are trains running properly after Mulund ?  (sent from Mulund Stn.)
what is d problem with slow track  (sent from Nahur Stn.)
Slow or fast ? (sent from Mulund Stn.)
Thane ke age train sahi chal rahi hai kya? (sent from Mulund Stn.)
asangaon 8.43 in thane?? where is it now? (sent from Thane Stn.)
?? (sent from Sanpada)
ट्रेन लेट आहेत का ? (sent from Santa Cruz Stn.)
what's a problem...central line.... why r slow??
asangaon??? (sent from Thane Stn.)
what is the issue in central line towards kalyan (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
where is dvli local (753 ex kurla) now (sent from Mulund)
can someone please update..8.43 wali  at thane wali?? (sent from Thane Stn.)
what is issue in central line ?
what's issue with slow track (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)
what is the issue in central line towards kalyan (sent from Thane)
who said (sent from Mulund Stn.)
what is the status of 757 Kurla Kalyan (sent from Kalyan)
plz say what is status of 8.43 asangoan?? (sent from Thane Stn.)
any problem beyond vikroli ??? (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)
isssu with slow train or with fast trains also?? (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)
what has happened
is any problem (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)
what happened to central line (sent from Mulund Stn.)
what is the issue in central line towards kalyan (sent from Thane)
what is postion badlapur to cst pls inform
Thane se kalyan kitna time lag rha hai?? (sent from Thane)
people strated getting down n checking why 8.29 thane train stopped at vikroli (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)
what's the exact problem ? (sent from Dahisar)
what is the actual problem (sent from Mulund Stn.)
what is status of Thane to kalyan trains?
every Sunday railway takes Mega block what do they ? during this period? can any railway authority kindly provide justification?? (sent from Thane Stn.)
what is the problem.  
asangaon train?? koi hai 8.43 Jo thane aati hai? (sent from Thane Stn.)
any update why Central line train are runing too slow?? (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)
trains running slowly between Ghatkopar to Vikaroli. what's happened?
what is the problem.  
what is problem (sent from Nahur)
how u know (sent from Nahur)
are trains stopping at Nahur? (sent from Thane Stn.)
no any one idea what happen  (sent from Bhandup Stn.)
why trains are running late? (sent from Nahur Stn.)
are fast train running on time? (sent from Mulund Stn.)
every Sunday central railway takes schedule down time so called mega block. is there any authority who will provide report on work done during that period? (sent from Kalva)
every Sunday central railway takes schedule down time so called mega block. is there any authority who will provide report on work done during that period? (sent from Kalva)
why it's slow any problem
are fast trains running on time? (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)
why the trains are moving like a tortoise???  (sent from Mulund)
which train ?
can we file RTI ? (sent from Kalva Stn.)
is there any reason for that???  (sent from Mulund)
can we file RTI ? (sent from Kalva Stn.)
is the issue resolved?  (sent from Elphinstone Road Stn.)
what's a problem (sent from Mumbra Stn.)
what is status badlapur  (sent from Thane)
arey Prashant wo bahar k bahar anda pav ka stall laga hai kya?? (sent from Thane Stn.)
what is matter of train..pls tell  (sent from Nahur)
what happened near mulund...trains are getting late by more than...40 min??
why trains let  7.50 cat Thane just reach kanjurmarg (sent from Ghatkopar)
what is the issue.... pls explain (sent from Thane Stn.)
kiske pas soda hai kya??
what is a problem (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)
have you crossed Thane now ? (sent from Mulund Stn.)
why delay??
Are train runing ahead normally from thane?? (sent from Dombivli)
at thane..are the trains working? (sent from Thane Stn.)
what abt the Nahur situation? (sent from Vikhroli)
what happened at mulund  (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)
did train start between vikhroli bhandup its stuck na?
what happened at mulund  (sent from Ghatkopar)
what problem? (sent from Nahur Stn.)
Thane k aagey towards kalyan trains chal rahi h ?  (sent from Mulund)
 what is d problem (sent from Nahur)
what is the problem in central line why train is running too slow
What is the  status now (sent from Thane Stn.)
me at Mulund what the status (sent from Mulund Stn.)
is everything ok after thane?  (sent from Mulund)
i dont know what is exact matter i think so overhead wire matter (sent from Nahur Stn.)
what is the exact problem  (sent from Mulund)
why are d central trains late (sent from Bhandup)
why 
anyone wants samosas? (sent from Mulund Stn.)
trains r running late?? (sent from Nahur Stn.)
why are trains slow on 1st platform ? (sent from Bhiwandi Road)
any problem?? (sent from Mulund)
ha Bhai bohat bhuk lagi hai  (sent from Mulund)
anyone see my man Jesus? (sent from Mulund Stn.)
what is the issue?? trains are running very slow (sent from Nahur Stn.)
why the all trains are delay 
what is problem in slow track (sent from Mulund)
why trains late now (sent from Mulund Stn.)
kaha?
post Mulund also trains halts..... nobody knows what happened exactly  (sent from Thane)
has any train left from thane to CST slow?  (sent from Mulund Stn.)
what happened why trains are late
?
what is the issue with the train. domvivali train was for 8.34 and it came late know it's stuck between vikroli and nahur (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)
whyy but what's issue (sent from Vile Parle)
what is issue in Nahur (sent from Nahur Stn.)
what is problem?  (sent from Nahur Stn.)
Are trains running smoothly from Ghatkopar to Thane ? (sent from Mulund)
what happened what late running train
when there is problem on fast track those train are divereted on slow track. when there is problem on slow track why slow trains are not divered on fast track?? (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)
Has the issue resolved?  (sent from Nahur Stn.)
slow trains are running properly?
is fast train ohk?? (sent from Grant Road Stn.)
after mulund slow trains are running property?
what is the problem? (sent from Mulund Stn.)
what is the problem (sent from Kalva Stn.)
what is the train status from thane. slow train (sent from Mulund)
kaha pr tuti he taar? (sent from Mulund)
what about trains for badlapur (sent from Kalyan)
what's the problem? (sent from Mulund Stn.)
what accident? I just passed nahur I can't spot anything (sent from Mulund Stn.)
why train was late 
the trains are competing to see who reaches their destination last. p.s. for all the Sheldon Coopers out there, this is sarcasm. (sent from Bhandup Stn.)
what's the problem? (sent from Mulund)
 why train not moving from Ghatkopar to thane (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)
8:31 Thane to Ambernath train status kya hai? (sent from Thane Stn.)
what's the problem? (sent from Mulund Stn.)
what and where was the problem?  (sent from Mulund)
is there problem after thane? (sent from Mulund Stn.)
what and where was the problem?  (sent from Mulund)
what is the issue? (sent from Kurla Stn.)
is it better after mulund/thane? towards karjat? anybody please?
why trains are running late  (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
koi slow train toward cst jate dikh rahi hai kya?  (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)
where titwala train reached now  (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
is there any issues in central line (sent from Bhandup Stn.)
hi dadar to kalyan slow train chalu hai kya.......? (sent from Kalva Stn.)
why slow train stop between ghatkopar and vikhroli? (sent from Ghatkopar)
hell of delay, no announcements on Dadar station when i boarded 7.32 slow kalyan. still at Mulund station (sent from Mulund Stn.)
thank ke aage thik hai?  (sent from Mulund Stn.)
any reason why trains are running slow?
how is positioned (sent from Mulund Stn.)
train status down towards kalyan from thane? (sent from Vithalwadi)
from Thane proper? (sent from Mulund Stn.)
mulund te thane kay aahe status?? (sent from Mulund)
is there issue on slow track down wea (sent from Mulund)
train status down towards kalyan from thane? (sent from Vithalwadi)
anyone know what is problem  (sent from Nahur Stn.)
what's the problem. am in train and it's not moving (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)
 why trains are stop at vichroli
prison break s5 to s8 ahe ka? (sent from Mulund Stn.)
 why trains are stop at vichroli
any problems between Bhandup nahur slow track? (sent from Vikhroli)
hello what is the status between ghatkopar and thane (sent from Vikhroli)
why the hell trains are late for no reasons
whats the problem between kanjurmarg to mulund or thane ?
what is the reason behind delay of trains?? (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)
can anyone tell what's the actual issue... nothing on Internet yet and it has been more than 10 mins train halted after crossing Nahur... thanks (sent from Mulund)
what do you mean
where is asangoan local 
What about central line train
whats problem, why train not moving (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)
where is asangoan local
it ha nearly about 1.15hrs passed, trains are running like turtle...what rectified (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)
problem? ??? (sent from Nahur Stn.)
what about after mulund till thane ?
thane slo held up bet ghat ,& vikroli for 10 min (sent from Ghatkopar)
train stuck what problem do not know. (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)
what is issue (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
what's the problem center line in slow trak 
is the trains are on time ? after mulund
why central line so late (sent from Nahur Stn.)
For all those wondering why trains are late, then answer is "Nobody knows.' Only unbiased answer would be that we pay hefty taxes to government and receive this punishment.  (sent from Nahur)
where is asangoan local
where is asngoan local 
what has happened??? why train late
what about fast train (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)
what's problem in slow line from ghatkopar till thane (sent from Nahur Stn.)
where is asngoan local 
fast trains running till thane??
what happened ???? (sent from Vikhroli)
why train late (sent from Vikhroli)
why are trains stopping for long time between nahur bhandup (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
any problem ahead ghatkopar? (sent from Sandhurst Road)
what's the reason anybody says  (sent from Bhandup Stn.)
is the problem with the trains 
has the problem solved ? shall I take 9.10 Thane slow or take auto ? any suggestions (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
let us know how much time it takes from mulund to thane
aata thanya la pochat aahe (sent from Mulund)
what's the status of trains from Thane to Dombivli (sent from Mulund)
are trains still late?
there was a overhead problem between Nahur and Mulund which has been solved so trains are moving slow but they are moving. 743 Dadar dombivli reaching Mulund now.
why are trains late?
TNA to vikhroli towards than all who are traveling update  so can figure which train has reached where (sent from Bhandup Stn.)
whats the status of 8.27 karjat slow on dombiwali (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
what's problem in slow train ... (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)
what the hell is going in this train (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)
what about fast tarck (sent from Nahur Stn.)
what is the problems bahut to thane any ifra (sent from Vithalwadi)
Are fast trains running???
Train aaj let he Kya? (sent from Vikhroli)
why slow line is so late (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)
what is the status about fast train towards Kalyan
Train let he Kya? (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)
guys what is the issue between Ghatkopar to mulund  (sent from Kanjur Marg)
what's slow train issue? running very slow? (sent from Bhandup Stn.)
Why trains are delay towards badlapur 
what the f yaar
people asking reason why trains are running late please read above comments (sent from Thane Stn.)
what's the issue trains r not working (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)
what's the reason for the slow trains 
what about fast train status (sent from Andheri Stn.)
fast trains are working fine or not?
current update?? (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
what's the reason for delays (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)
what is the status about fast train towards Kalyan (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)
which train ur
status for badlapur train?  (sent from Thane Stn.)
is there any fast local towards cst (sent from Thane Stn.)
what is the in central line (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)
bt wht is actual issue...?? (sent from Nahur Stn.)
is there are train from mulund (sent from Mulund)
hi , any problems in slow track from Parel to bhandup? (sent from Elphinstone Road Stn.)
what is the issue in central line (sent from Kanjur Marg)
ghatkopar to Vikhroli it took 25 minutes?.. no idea what is the issue.. I m at Vikhroli
what's the problem in central  (sent from Chembur Stn.)
bt wht happened?? (sent from Nahur)
 What happened to train towards thane I'm stuck at vikhroli stn fm 30mits (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)
are tains running fine from thane towards kalyan? (sent from Bhandup Stn.)
why trains are running slow 
what's the situation in thane station 
hamesha? 😅 (sent from Kalva Stn.)
who wants bullet trains (sent from Bhandup Stn.)
what's the situation currently?
any ??? a hell loy (sent from Nahur Stn.)
what about fast train (sent from Kurla Stn.)
what was the train status
what's issue do you know (sent from Lower Parel)
Kurla to thane fast is running well going ? (sent from Vidyavihar Stn.)
trains towards Kalyan. karjat khopoli running? 
is everything okay nahur station? (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
what is status of 9.12 kasara fast train from kurla
what is status of trains now?  (sent from Juinagar Stn.)
what is status of trains now?  (sent from Juinagar Stn.)
where is thane train... (sent from Thane Stn.)
Hi what status dombiwali to karajat (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
Pubg aara kya Sonu? 
Roshan.. jaata ki khata?
what is status of 9.12 kasara fast train from kurla (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
fast train running properly? (sent from Thane)
Pubg khelne aare kya? Lobby me ruka hu yaar..School me utrenge (sent from Mulund)
so what enjoy (sent from Thane)
wats status on badlapur to thane route is it on tym?????? (sent from Badlapur Stn.)
why are central locals running late? (sent from Vikhroli)
what is the problem  (sent from Thane)
 kasara fast train 9.12 where has reached plz reply (sent from Nahur Stn.)
trains running slow??????? (sent from Vithalwadi)
where is 9.23 KP now (sent from Bhandup)
in a slow train...should I consider switching to fast?
central local train issue resolved or not ?
guys no body knows what happened  (sent from Chunabhatti Stn.)
anyone knows what the problem is ? (sent from Ghatkopar)
8.34 dombivali train still stucked in mulund thane. what has happened will the grps will reply sir plz.  (sent from Mulund)
guys what's the problem can u somebody tell pls (sent from Chunabhatti)
where is Badlapur 9.23 at kalyan (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
why trains are late towards kalyan
 are  fast trains running on time ?? (sent from Bhandup Stn.)
what is the reason for the delay (sent from Mulund)
but why trains are delayed. any updates on the same.. 
are kya? (sent from Turbhe Stn.)
Thane Dadar Cha madhi kahi jala ka???  (sent from Mulund Stn.)
What is the reason for the delay in trains?  (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)
can anyone tell me what is wrong with central line?
where khopoli train reached (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
took 2 hours to reach from dadar to mulund, and want to go to thane still don't know when I will reach
what is the problem at vikhroli (sent from Ghatkopar)
what's the issue of slow dn line..took 40 min to reach bahut..still I want to go Dombivli (sent from Bhandup Stn.)
what's a problem  (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)
ok. what you suggest (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)
what's problem in central line (sent from Mulund Stn.)
what's a problem  (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)
anyone know what is the issue.... m stuck at kalwa....  (sent from Kalva Stn.)
hi any one know what's the issue 
is trains working properly? (sent from Lower Parel)
what is the status of trains from Dombivali towards Dadar
kalyan to Ambernath? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
Trains moving ahead of Thane?? (sent from Mulund)
where is the 8:52 dadar (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
why train are runing so slow
where is dombivli local (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)
tereko kya TP karna he? 
why are 5he trains late towards kalyan (sent from Thane Stn.)
Any problem in Thane kalyan line????  (sent from Kalva)
any update on trains towards badlapur? (sent from Ambernath Stn.)
what's prob  (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)
is the issue resolved ??
train late?
which is the most crowded mumbai local route ? (sent from Belapur Cbd Stn.)
what is the issue.
Is train working properly?
is there any pbm between kanjurmarg and nahur stn (sent from Dadar Stn.)
what happen  (sent from Kalva Stn.)
where is  tren titwala (sent from Shahad Stn.)
9.30 thane badlapur sutli ka ?? (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)
what time exactly coming 10.05 khopoli train (sent from Badlapur Stn.)
fast or slow?? (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)
where is khopoli (sent from Badlapur Stn.)
kal Maharashtra Bandh hai kya?? (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)
status from kalyan to thane? 
why trains are late ...
8:32 at where? it's 8:36 from kanjurmarg
what is the problem  (sent from Thane Stn.)
why (sent from Mumbra Stn.)
what's the status of train from Dombivali towards Dadar??????
what is the status of Khopoli fast scheduled to reach Kurla at 10:19?? (sent from Kurla Stn.)
why trains not working today ?? (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
guyes why train are delay today 
what is the current status at nahur??...when the trains are going to run towards karjat''? (sent from Badlapur)
is train slow towards cstm ?  (sent from Thane Stn.)
where is badlapur (sent from Ambernath Stn.)
Shameless railway should be taught a tough lession.Let begin a movement of not paying for mumbai local trains unless we get good reliable service.This is how they will learn agony of common man
is any train toward cst (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)
train late from Dombiwali to BADLAPUR?  (sent from Badlapur)
slow train status from ghatkopar to dombivli....?? 
can anyone tell why train is running today by 1hours
what abt Thane to cst trains (sent from Vidyavihar Stn.)
where is the kasara fast 9:32 in thane (sent from Kalyan)
is there any problem between mulund and nahur  (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
what is problem (sent from Masjid Stn.)
are trains running properly from thane?
where from dadar 10.42 Badlapur fast local? (sent from Dadar Stn.)
where 10.42 badlapur train? (sent from Dadar Stn.)
where is 9:55 dombivli plz update
what c l train status (sent from Rabale)
what c l train status (sent from Rabale)
was there a train halt between bhandup and Nagpur today?
train running on time?  (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)
where is a 10:25 asangaon from kalyan plss reply
plz confirm status of trains which 3rd running towards Asangaon (sent from Shahad)
what is train status now for titwala (sent from Thane)
why jumbo block??  trains r working or no?  (sent from Badlapur)
badlapur train status? (sent from Thane Stn.)
Where is train for ambernath (sent from Kurla Stn.)
11:12 for khopoli is arriving shortly on of 1 , this is what railway is announcing.  (sent from Ambernath Stn.)
this is really sucking. somebody plz don't spread false information that train running on time (sent from Ambernath Stn.)
because of kalyan stn master? (sent from Vithalwadi)
badlapur slow last is arrived? (sent from Atgan Stn.)
where's the khopoli bound fast train?
will travel from diva to dadar for first time. how is the rush? compared to Dombivali to dadar?  (sent from Koparkhairne)
kasara route ke train ghatkopar mai nai aa raha hai from 45 min.??? any major problem ....? please reply my family is stucked there !! (sent from Ambivli Stn.)
why
 any update from Kalyan to CST train please??? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
hello anyone please help to get the update... is there any issue in running status. . is trains are running from kalyan to cstm? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
khopoli ?? (sent from Badlapur Stn.)
12167 varanasi train is it on time in kalyn? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
where is last train now pls update (sent from Mumbra Stn.)
what about tomorrow 
?
current status of karjat csmt train? (sent from Kalyan)
r trains working from kalyan ? 
trains to Kalyan.? are they working (sent from Sion Stn.)
dombivli boisar train update?  (sent from Shahad)
are trains on time?
Are fast local from CSTM to KALYAN on time?  (sent from Kurla)
where is 5:45 (at dombivli) cst fast train?? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
Are trains to Kalyan from Mulund on time? 
badlapur- cstm  trains time to time hai kya..? (sent from Badlapur Stn.)
is today mega block or not? (sent from Kasara Stn.)
aaje megablock aahe ka?
tarin chalu aahe ka..?  (sent from Ghatkopar)
Mumbai m barish Hy Kya ? I'm from Pune
is train working towards cstm from kalyan?
are toy train to matheran running from neral today? (sent from Kurla Stn.)
it's on top right from where you are chatting (sent from Kopar)
Train are running on time or late? 
are trains on time from thane to Badlapur ??
what is the status of trains to karjat? (sent from Seawood Darave)
where is Badlapur to Cst train?  (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)
chalu hai Kya kopoli ki trains? (sent from Seawood Darave)
pls conferm todays megablock? (sent from Kalyan)
are the trains working beyond thane? (sent from Ambernath)
khopoli train ko nikal ne kitna time he???
neral jane wali train late chalri? (sent from Bandra)
 train  is  on  time.....???  (sent from Vithalwadi)
आज मेगा ब्लॉक कब है सेंट्रल पे ?? (sent from Grant Road Stn.)
Are trains running from Kurla to Ghatkoper? (sent from Khandeshwar)
train to khopoli chalu hai Kya ??? 
do we have regular trains for Kalyan today? (sent from Malad Stn.)
train from khapoli is running or not
what is the train status
from where to where mega block today
train status please!?? (sent from Asangaon Stn.)
????
badlapur train dadar se nikli kyaa?? (sent from Kurla Stn.)
are khopoli trains running on time from thane ?  (sent from Rabale)
is slow trains are running on time? (sent from Vidyavihar Stn.)
is slow trains are running on time? (sent from Vidyavihar Stn.)
is Kalyan slow left from Sion ? (sent from Vidyavihar Stn.)
is there is megablock today  (sent from Kopar Stn.)
badlpur tren chlu hai Kay? (sent from Santa Cruz)
Any indicator is active or showing any trains? (sent from Bhandup)
train running late ???
what is the status of karjat khopoli trains (sent from Khopoli)
kalyan to ghatkopar trains status? fast and slow both (sent from Kalyan)
what about ex trane
Dombivli to Thane any problems? (sent from Dombivli)
what about from ambernath to cst dadar (sent from Ambernath)
pune side express are on time? (sent from Shahad)
any delay for local??to cst (sent from Kopar)
kalyan to karjat train secuvation??  (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
why train is to late kalyan 8.22 is still onghatkopar (sent from Mulund Stn.)
are trains on time or any issue there?  (sent from Kopar Stn.)
what about Sion station train delay ya on time
is there mega block in central (sent from Dadar Stn.)
what abt ddr ambrnth 8.42 (sent from Elphinstone Road Stn.)
At Kalyan station... LTT Vishakaptham express... in that train The Mother. give birth to child... That why the train was halt from 20 min... Doctor... has been arranged  (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
train are running on time?
what about dombvli to badlapur train?? (sent from Dombivli)
mega block time???? (sent from Ambernath)
is there any megablock after 5pm today for Thane to Khopoli train (sent from Khopoli Stn.)
mega block time??? (sent from Ambernath)
trains fr upside are running normal??
is there megablock today from kalyan to ambernath
is there any megablock from.kalyan to chembur nd return too (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
Friends trains are running late or not in central line...?  (sent from Vithalwadi)
is there any mega block from thane to vashi (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
should i go in this  heavy rain to sion?  (sent from Airoli)
what about kalyan to diva trains (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
how's train sicuation 
what status abt up trains ??  (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
what time late trnis
if trains are running on regular time??  (sent from Badlapur Stn.)
trains on time ???( sent from Kalyan )
ohh how much (sent from Badlapur Stn.)
Aaj Megablock Kitne Baaje Se Hai??
trains on Time? any water clogging? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
what about train to karjat Station  (sent from Kopar)
is there megabloks between Wadala to panvel
khopoli train status ?
trains on time ? sent from Dombivali  (sent from Dombivli)
bdl to cst?  (sent from Badlapur)
how much late? (sent from Badlapur)
what is the status of 8:56 karjat (sent from Kalva)
what is train status right now  (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
is there a mega Blok today  (sent from Badlapur)
kalyan CST trains working properly? (sent from Kalyan)
What, is train status today?  (sent from Badlapur)
where
what's the train status at sion and kurla... (sent from Diva Jn)
Kya Karjat trains timepe he ? (sent from Neral Stn.)
any one. know please reply?
aj mega block kuthe ahe?
trains are running on time or not? 
dombivli se cst train calu hai kya ?
central line trains are available or not? (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)
are trains on time from shahad to thane? 
ambernath se kalyan trains active h kya..?
any train from shahad ?? (sent from Shahad)
are trains working from badlapur towards csmt?  (sent from Ghatkopar)
kasara train is on time or not?  (sent from Dombivli)
is there train available from Thane to cst?  (sent from Kalva)
badlapur to csmt working?  (sent from Ghatkopar)
is it ok to go Dombivli today?? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
are train on time? (sent from Shahad)
Badlapur Thana chalu ahe ka? (sent from Badlapur)
is heavy rain in Mumbai?? (sent from Kopar Stn.)
trains running? even if delayed.....
from Dombivili to CST?
dombivli to cst?  (sent from Dombivli)
how is the rain situation at Dadar. (sent from Badlapur)
train is delayed or what? (sent from Badlapur)
what is train status between diva to cst (sent from Diva Jn)
what is the status of train from Kasara to csmt?  (sent from Badlapur)
What's the status of DOMBIVLI-CSMT slow trains?   (sent from Dombivli)
train is running on time or too much late?
whats the centrail railway situation? need to travel from thane to Dombivli  (sent from Kopar Stn.)
Trein चालू आहे का ??? (sent from Kalyan)
anywhere megablock today??
hi guys what's the status for ambernath to CST trains n how's the weather after Thane is it raining heavily there? (sent from Ambernath)
are trains working?? (sent from Badlapur)
What's the status for karjat side (sent from Shahad)
train on time or what (sent from Dombivli)
Is there trains available to csmt (sent from Vidyavihar Stn.)
towards csmt? (sent from Ambernath)
nerul to ghansoli ?? last train kab h (sent from Nerul Stn.)
what is time of today's megablock on central line
are trains on time now ???  (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
towards CST ?? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
Are there slow trains available to reach dadar? (sent from Vidyavihar Stn.)
are train on time from Ambarnath ?? (sent from Ambernath)
is thane to kalyan running on time ? (sent from Bhandup Stn.)
Is train dombivali to csmt working on time or how much ĺate ? (sent from Thakurli)
?????? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
trains are there frm badlapur to thane??? (sent from Badlapur Stn.)
Did the train leave yet..?  (sent from Ambernath Stn.)
Train are running. ..? (sent from Badlapur)
what about todays megablock pls update the status (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
nerul to thane any block ?? (sent from Nerul Stn.)
are trains from bhandup to dadar running?
all trains are running time to time??  (sent from Kalyan)
are down trains running on time? (sent from Bandra)
from kalyan to CST?  (sent from Kalyan)
is there mega blocks  (sent from Mankhurd Stn.)
what about vashi to kurla (sent from Mankhurd Stn.)
From Ambarnath to CSTM trains are running out of schedule or not ?
is there any train stopped at vitthalvadi stn going towards csmt (sent from Vashi)
will i get the train from ghatkoper to dombivli at 10.45am?
is there any block for andheri (sent from Belapur Cbd)
are trains running properly?? (sent from Shahad)
is there any block from kalyan to khopolii?
trains are running properly?
what about trains from titwala to thane  (sent from Ambivli Stn.)
is there any block from kalyan to CSTM?
what status from badlapur to kyn (sent from Badlapur)
are trains running from thane to badlapur properly? (sent from Seawood Darave)
any locals cancelled?  (sent from Kalyan)
dadar to Kaylan working properly?? (sent from Gtb Nagar)
are trains of karjat cst running properly? (sent from Badlapur Stn.)
what is thestatus of karjat to kalyan (sent from Bhivpuriroad)
what is thestatus of karjat to kalyan (sent from Bhivpuriroad)
kalyan to karjat ?  (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
which trains (sent from Vithalwadi Stn.)
can anyone plzz reply to my msg? (sent from Badlapur Stn.)
thane to kurla working..?? (sent from Nerul Stn.)
is there a mega block? (sent from Dadar Stn.)
ulhas to csmt trains are running on time or not?  please reply asap (sent from Ambernath)
how are trains placed between ambernath and dadar due to today's mega blocks
from khopoli to kalyan are train running on time?  (sent from Khopoli)
from Kalyan are trains running? (sent from Shahad)
where is the 10.17 karjat train from thane (sent from Kalva Stn.)
लोकल व्यवस्थित चालू आहेत का??? (sent from Kalyan)
rain really stopped? 
kurla to dombivili train running or not? (sent from Kopar)
dombivli to cst train running?
is it raining in badlapur?  (sent from Nahur Stn.)
kalyan to cst train will be run 11 to 4 pm time today?  (sent from Thakurli Stn.)
Thane to Turbhe  is running local ? 
currey road to Mulund slow will be available at 12 pm? (sent from Lower Parel)
train from Badlapur to dadar milega Kya ? (sent from Badlapur)
are trains running on time? (sent from Badlapur)
is trains towards Dombivali on time ? (sent from Grant Road Stn.)
trains chalu hai kya? dombivli to ambernath? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
ulhasnagar to cst trains time pr hai??? (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)
आज मेगाब्लॉक आहे का ?? (sent from Dombivli)
r trains running properly?? or some issue??? (sent from Shahad)
is there water logging in Kalyan? (sent from Nahur Stn.)
megablock is there? 
any water logging issue ??? (sent from Shahad)
today is thr a central megablock? 
badlapur  to kalyan bhetel ka jay la? (sent from Badlapur)
there any problem near matunga central station? (sent from Matunga Road Stn.)
what about Thane to Karjat trains?
there any problem near matunga central station? (sent from Matunga Road Stn.)
Badlapur to Thane is running?pls confirm anyone. (sent from Badlapur Stn.)
are 🚆 running on time?? (sent from Kopar)
Nerul to thane are running or not? (sent from Nerul Stn.)
tell me anyone please about the central line that today is megablock or not
Ghatkopar to karjat train chalu hai kya... koi bata sakta hai? 
is there any megablock on Central railway? (sent from Mahalakshmi)
what happened between ghatkopar and dadar (sent from Shahad Stn.)
are trains moving from thane to Dadar?
from badlapur to cst? train running? 
titwala CST ka kya? (sent from Shahad)
what the status of titwala to Kalyan
badlapur to cst chalu h kya? 
central line pe mega block hai kya ?
what is status from Titwala to CSTM train
diva vasai train 11.30 availabe??? (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)
hi .today's megablock?????. (sent from Vithalwadi)
train's tym pe chalu h ? Kalyan to ambivali
megablock? have to travel to Vikhroli (sent from Sewri Stn.)
badlapur se cst train chalu hai Kya ?? (sent from Ambernath)
Shahad to cst train are running on time?  (sent from Shahad Stn.)
is there megablock in central
are trains running on time?  (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
is there megablock in central
is there  megablock central  line (sent from Sandhurst Road)
today's which place mega block in central line (sent from Lowjee)
is there mega block in central line?  (sent from Gtb Nagar)
today Chennai exp is on time or not
kasara to dadar train chalu ahe ka? 
are trains running on time?
so from kalyan to ghatkopar lines are fine?
which time from chiplun to panvel at night
kalyan to thane trains chalu hai Kya ???
Kurla to Dadar chalu jai kya?
where the Vidhyavihar train will come (sent from Dadar Stn.)
I m traveling to. Vashi via kurla from Borivali,.  what is trans harbour Andheri how can I reach vbashi (sent from Goregaon Stn.)
kurla to Vashi train milega yta nahi? (sent from Goregaon Stn.)
hye today is panvel trens is open ? (sent from Bhandup)
kalyan to karjat chalu hai kya ??? (sent from Vithalwadi)
are trains running between thane to kalyan?
kurla to kalyan fast train chalu aahe ka? (sent from Mankhurd Stn.)
is train on tym towards asngv??? 
thane se panvel k liye train milgei kya?
where is the thane karjat train now? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
can anyone help me what is Trans harbour? (sent from Jogeshwari Stn.)
what is the status of mega blocks  (sent from Badlapur Stn.)
whether train r running properly ?
karjat se train time pe he Kya? koi batayega .plz  (sent from Karjat Stn.)
Aaj towards kalyan local sab slow hai kya ??? (sent from Kurla Stn.)
Thane to Belapur CBD , is there a MEGABLOCK AND TILL WHAT TIME 
is there fast train for kurla? (sent from Vashi Stn.)
can any one tell is there any train from Thane to kurla? (sent from Vashi Stn.)
mumbra to cst slow train chal rahi hai? (sent from Mumbra Stn.)
mumbra to cst?
ulhasnagar to cst... kya status hai?  (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
11:19 Kasara from Kalyan left? (sent from Shahad)
Badlapur to csmt train kitna late hai?  (sent from Badlapur)
thane to cst train is there?  (sent from Vashi Stn.)
is there a mega block today?? (sent from Mumbai Central Stn.)
wht about Ambernath.  trains 🚄?  (sent from Ambernath)
where is 11.40 karjat train (sent from Badlapur Stn.)
thane to cst Pls? (sent from Manasarovar Stn.)
Ghatkopar to Kalyan fast train hai kya? (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)
Dadar to ambernath??  (sent from Malad)
are trains on time? (sent from Mulund Stn.)
is it rushy or ok travel frm neral to dombivili..??  (sent from Neral Stn.)
where is Kalyan fast train (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
is mega blocks in central line?? ghktpr to Kalyan?
slow trains r running today?? (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)
till what time it's mega blocks? from Kalyan?
chinchpokli to kanjurmarg chalu hai kya ? (sent from Chinchpokli Stn.)
baarish ho rahi hai kya? (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)
trains are let or not? in central line (sent from Vithalwadi)
Shivani kanjurmarg to dombivli train hai kya time pe? (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)
Central line la meghablock  nahi ahe na aj...? (sent from Badlapur Stn.)
diva ke liye kab hai train ??????? (sent from Thane Stn.)
what about Kalyan to CST any mega block issue ?  (sent from Kalyan)
guys is there any megablock between dadar to thane? (sent from Mahim Jn Stn.)
is fast train on time towards CST?  (sent from Mulund Stn.)
what from trains from Badlapur? (sent from Badlapur)
what about mega block (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
what is status thane to Kalyan train (sent from Sanpada Stn.)
vidyavihar to thane train are running?? (sent from Vidyavihar)
trains chal rahi hai kya? (sent from Dahisar)
Trains running from sion towards cst? (sent from Gtb Nagar Stn.)
thane to Kanjurmarg slow train chalu ahet ka?
what is the status of badlapur to karjat  (sent from Badlapur)
what is the status from dombivali to dadar (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
what is the status from Dombivali to Dadar (sent from Dombivli)
12.22 badlapur cst ka kya status h ?? (sent from Ambernath Stn.)
is there mega block today? (sent from Dombivli)
Dadar to Thane status? (sent from Naigaon)
thna to pnvel? (sent from Thane Stn.)
any update on Thane to Neral trains??  (sent from Airoli Stn.)
any fast train from Dombivali to Dadar?
which route is this  (sent from Badlapur)
thane panvel chalu hai kya? plz koi bataao
khopoli se karjat train chalu aahe ka?
badlpur to cst train chalu ahe ka??? (sent from Badlapur Stn.)
dadar to kalyan trains chalu aahet ka? (sent from Jogeshwari)
what the status of kalwa to CST any update please share (sent from Kalva)
sahad say vhasind gadi late hai kya?
dadar train chalu ahe ka.....? 
trains are late or on time? (sent from Mulund)
??? (sent from Mulund)
Badlapur se mumbai jane vali local chalu hai kya? (sent from Badlapur)
thane To Kalyan Slow Trains Working?? please Answer
is there a mega block today ? (sent from Nahur Stn.)
bhayander to parel ? (sent from Bhayander)
Are trains arriving in dombivili ?
any news about train between Ghatkopar to Thane? (sent from Ghatkopar)
what is train status towards cstm (sent from Dombivli)
is there trainings are on time ???
what is the situation about titwala (sent from Titwala)
going ambernath with my Aaee, all good in central line ? i m coming from jogeshwari. (sent from Kalyan)
karjat chal rahi ? (sent from Dombivli)
Karjat to cstm status??
kurla to cst running or not 
any news abt slow trains from chinchpokli to kanjurmarg? (sent from Currey Road Stn.)
 Kurla to dadar train available h...?
from Kalwa train is available? (sent from Kalva Stn.)
bhai log... trains hai kya amb k lie from cst???
Ulhasnagar se cst train chalu h kya? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
karjat to csmt...??
thane se csmt chalu hai kya????
Ulhasnagar se Karjat chalu hai kya? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
Thane to Kalyan train chal raha hai kya? (sent from Kalva Stn.)
what time megablock at central rl (sent from Thakurli Stn.)
trains are late today? by how much time? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
r central trains are running on tym?
cst trains are working on tim frm mumbra???
r central trains are running on tym?
what is the status of mega block on cstm main line (sent from Airoli)
central line chalu hai ? (sent from Bhayander)
byculla to thana chalu  ahe ka trains? (sent from Lower Parel)
vidyvihar to byculla Up local line mega block started.. trains are diverting to fast line, which extra halts at sion, matunga, parel, beyond the proper halts (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
dadar to dombivli 12:20 ? (sent from Matunga Road Stn.)
r central trains are running on tym?
train late ahet ka aj? 
wt is d status of asangaon kasara trains?r they running?
mega Blocks at mumbra??? (sent from Mumbra)
is central line train on time...? (sent from Bandra)
I want to cst ?? (sent from Mumbra)
are trains on time from Kalman?  (sent from Kalyan)
Ghatkopar to Kasara train are running regularly ? (sent from Vikhroli)
aaj mega bock ahe ka? (sent from Bhivpuriroad)
slow train chalu ahet ka?? (sent from Kalva Stn.)
where is 1:01 st train (sent from Ambernath Stn.)
are trains working well... like sion station n ahead? (sent from Shahad)
kasara to dadar train chalu hain Kya? 
thane to cst trains time var ahet ka?
karat local chalay hai Kya? (sent from Neral Stn.)
abhilash? 
kasara to dadar? 
what about trains from thane? pls tell (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
trains from Dombivli to Thane are on time?? (sent from Kopar)
kasara chalu  a ahe Kya??? 
is the fast is running from cst to kalyan (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
CST slow hai kya?? Dombivli se ? Anyone there at Dombivli?  (sent from Kopar Stn.)
kalyan sey cstm chalri hai kya?
csmt to kalyat train chalu hai na? (sent from Diva Jn)
ulhasnagar ce karjat chalo hai kya train? (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)
Vidya vihar pe gaadi Ruk Rahi hai?
vidhyavihar slow train rukegi ki nahi? (sent from Vidyavihar)
kya parel se kanjur marg jayegi gadi?
where is thane local (sent from Vithalwadi Stn.)
Dadar to Kalyan Ko train's chalu hI kya ??
is kasara to cst on time? 
train chalu hai kya?
is the train running from Kurla to CST central 
CST to Kalyan chalu hai kya ? 1:19 Ko nahur Mai Anne wali thi (sent from Nahur Stn.)
Badlapur se CST local chalu hai kya?? (sent from Badlapur)
dadar to kanjumargh is working ? plz tell me (sent from Dadar Stn.)
Kharghar to thane, thane se kalyan trains chaalu hai kya?? 
mumbra se kurla tak train chal rahe  hai kya ???
Is Kalyan to CST trains are running?
trains are halting at mumbra ? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
Ambernath station to Kalyan station trains are running late by what time please?  (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
thane to kalyan status?
aaj mega block hai kya? to Dombivli from Ghatkopa
only slow train running from Thane to CSMT  plat form no 04 that too half an late..TRAINS are empty enough to get in and get out but pathetic and undisciplined   public make it complicated. could easily standup in the train compare to weekday crowd (sent from Mulund Stn.)
central khopoli to cst trains chalu hai kya?
Dombivali to Badlapur??? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
what's the status of Mulund-Titwala train?  (sent from Mulund)
anybody know about it?
I agree...second class and ticket less passengers are travelling in the first class compartment I can only imagine what is happening in the second class (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
kalyan-cst trains running?  (sent from Vithalwadi)
down side trains are lates?? (sent from Dombivli)
is there mega block in central line plz anyone update it (sent from Bandra)
is badlapur train working? (sent from Badlapur)
Dadar se Kalyan ke root par koi megablock hai kya aaj ?? (sent from Dadar Stn.)
ahe ka chalu train? timaver ahe ka train? (sent from Badlapur)
thane cst 1:55 ka kitna delay hua??  (sent from Thane Stn.)
can anybody tell what is the status of ambernath train which leave thane station at 1:31 pm
Is slow trains are running?
what is the position of trains from Dadar to dombivili? are they running?  (sent from Dahisar)
what is status for trains running from Thane to shahad..Is there is any rain Isuee
thane trains on time? (sent from Kharghar Stn.)
I am at kalyan station and I want to go ulhasnagar why train is not coming on platform no.2 (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
kasara to cst train status? 
are train working forGhatkopar to dadar dadar ? (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
are trains towards cst on time?
where is 2:11 titwala train(sent from Kalyan syn)  (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
what is the situation of train toward Byculla
Parel  to thane trains on time ???
are train on time towards cst? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
kasara trains are working?? 
Karjat to kalayn train chalu aahet ka?? (sent from Karjat Stn.)
pls can anyone tell the train after 4pm will go to sion or not? (sent from Dombivli)
central mega block today ?
Thane to Kasara 2:05 is running or not? (sent from Kalva Stn.)
kasara to dadar?? 
Kalyan to Thane train hei kya? (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)
thana to kalwa train chalu hai kya?? (sent from Thane)
is train running towards cst ? (sent from Vithalwadi Stn.)
Thane to Ghatkopar chal rha he kya nhi ?
Dombivali se Thane chalu hai kya?
titwala se kalyan train chalu hai kya??? (sent from Titwala Stn.)
Mumbra se CST chalo hai kya ?
kurla se fast train chalu hain kya ? (sent from Govandi Stn.)
?? (sent from Mulund)
ghatkopar - dombivili train chalu hai.? (sent from Goregaon)
kalyan to train chalu hai? (sent from Shelu Stn.)
thane teh Dombivali train chalu aahe ka ? (sent from Ghansoli)
ghatkopar - dombivili train chalu hai.? (sent from Goregaon)
is this slow train running mumbra to cst (sent from Mumbra Stn.)
Thane to cst slow train available? (sent from Airoli)
kasara to kalyan train is on time ..?
is train running towards dadar...? I am in nahur Station  (sent from Nahur Stn.)
On time from Kalyan to Titwala or late hw much late? Pls do update (sent from Kalyan)
mulund to dombivali chalu hey kya? (sent from Mulund)
dombivali to kasara local on time??...sent from dombivali (sent from Dombivli)
where is karjat train. Pl help urgent (sent from Ambernath Stn.)
plz any one tell me thane to karjat trains r running in time?? (sent from Thane Stn.)
megablock on trans harbor route? (sent from Badlapur)
where is kasara local (sent from Govandi)
when train will start 
what is trn status (sent from Dativali Stn.)
are trains running from kalyan to csmt ?? (sent from Thakurli)
are trains running smooth between CST to ghatkopar? 
do trains from tilak nagar to cst are running? (sent from Chembur)
what is cr running update  (sent from Thakurli)
what about Kalyan to Kasara...
what is status train running from Thane to kalyan ?
 kalyan karjat on time ?????
anyone from. Matunga can give update? 
Now i am in kalyan i want to go thane is kalyan to cstm on time?   (sent from Airoli)
kalyan dadar is late ?
is the Diva Vasai route working (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
ghatkoper titwala  train is running on time or??? (sent from Vikhroli)
Are trains from thane to cst side late?  (sent from Thane Stn.)
karjat kalyan ? (sent from Badlapur)
what happened in chichpoli  (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
train chalu hai ????? (sent from Kandivali)
KALYAN karjat route chalu aahe ka? (sent from Badlapur)
Badlapur to CST train chalu hai kya ?pls anyone confirm
what abt todays train timing? 
are kalyan to mumbai route train on time ? 
kalyn to Dadar any train issue due to rain ?
training frm dadar to dombivali??? (sent from Currey Road Stn.)
what is status of kalwa
what about today's megablock (sent from Badlapur)
how  is train now
r central trns wrkng ?
Kalyan towards Thane trns wrkng ?
what is the status of trains from Dombivali to Dadar (sent from Dahisar)
what status thane to belapur trains? (sent from Bhandup)
what is the train status from dombivli to cst (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)
are the trains  on time? 
what abt todays train schedule? 
what the status for cstm to karkat train (sent from Neral Stn.)
is train working from ambernath to thane???
Thane to Kalyan train chal raha hai kya ? (sent from Thane)
routes till Kalyan working fine?? 
thane to kurla chalu hai?
Badlapur to dombivli trains are running? (sent from Badlapur)
trains are working from bhandup to dombivali?
is this khopoli trains are running.? (sent from Lowjee)
c s t to kayan train is running ? (sent from Grant Road)
trains are running from badlapur to Kalyan ? pls confirm (sent from Badlapur)
are trains running from thane to panvel?? (sent from Mira Road)
trains to karjat on time???  (sent from Ghatkopar)
are train running on central line?  (sent from Badlapur Stn.)
central line ki train chalu h kya ? (sent from Bhayander)
trains r running from Dombivli to Badlapur..? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
panvel aur cst train time peh chalra Hai Kya? (sent from Juinagar Stn.)
are trains running form badlapur towards cst on time? (sent from Badlapur)
It is any train on the way from thane to dadar or farther now?? (sent from Vidyavihar Stn.)
is it raining in Thane? (sent from Dadar Stn.)
kurla to thane trains .  what's the statur (sent from Tilak Nagar Stn.)
train chalu hai kya? (sent from Gtb Nagar Stn.)
hi fast trains from kalyan to cstm aee on time on not?
This is the main reason why most of the people are unemployed in india. (sent from Vidyavihar Stn.)
What abt expresses going out of mumbai
are trains running on time?
current situation at Badlapur to karjat?  (sent from Badlapur Stn.)
i need to travel from vasind to ghatkopar.. are trains on time and if late then how much (sent from Vasind Stn.)
are trains running from  dadar to kalyan ????
from kalyan towards karjat are running or not
train from diva to vasai working ? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
what about sion railway station its flooding or ok
why not slow train stop vidyavihar (sent from Kurla Stn.)
thane to kanjur??
ambernath to cst running or not
diva vasai train running today?  (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
I want to know whether Dadar to Dombivali journey can be undertaken or Not? (sent from Matunga Road Stn.)
Are trains are running on time from badlapur to kalyan?
is train running towards cst? (sent from Vithalwadi Stn.)
khopoli cst train running status??
is cst to khopoli 03.22pm train there or cancelled?  (sent from Vithalwadi)
y hi? here (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)
all train are in time?? (sent from Karjat)
how about DADAR & thane (sent from Vile Parle)
central railway status ...? (sent from Santa Cruz)
what's status from dadar to kalyan..?? (sent from Kanjur Marg)
nitin can u pls let me know are trains running from dadar to kalyan ???
kalwa station status pls? 
are trains on tym ???
central railway from neral to thane ?
what status Kurla to vidyavihar slow train (sent from Kurla Stn.)
central railway status ? Kurla to thane ? (sent from Santa Cruz Stn.)
pls anyone can u let me know are trains running on time from dadar to kalyan?
what is the train schedule from ulhasnagar (sent from Vithalwadi)
why what happened  (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
please let me know are trains running on time from kurla to mukund?
kurla to mulund*?
thane to cst ??? (sent from Thane Stn.)
????? what hppen (sent from Vithalwadi)
kalyan to thane...on time? (sent from Kalyan)
what is the position at thane
is kasara to kalyan on time? (sent from Kasara)
is there mega block from ghatkopar towards kalva
are trains running on time? (sent from Gtb Nagar Stn.)
What what is the status of trains on central  (sent from Bhandup)
where are train  (sent from Vidyavihar Stn.)
status of train from diva to vasai?  (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
is it trains available from dombivali to kanjurmarg??
i m at dadar.. is trains are going on time from Dadar to Thane?  (sent from Dadar)
How can you Like such post??? Dumb people (sent from Thane Stn.)
what about Thane to Badlapur trains
anybody? diva vasai trains running? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
train is ok?? (sent from Vidyavihar Stn.)
karjat trains late hi?? (sent from Matunga Road Stn.)
hi what abt asangaon train (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
where. is titwala train  (sent from Mulund Stn.)
is cst train running?? (sent from Mira Road)
what is train status ghatkoper to airoli bya thane
Any update on Karjat trains?
slow trains to cst?? (sent from Matunga Road Stn.)
Vasai Diva reached at Diva Station??? please update (sent from Rabale)
central lines train late chal rahi hai kya?
Train chalu aahet ka?
train from khopoli? status konala mahit ahe? (sent from Khopoli)
khopoli to Thane chalu aahe Ka?
Thane to badlapur ?
Khopoli  train for 4.28 which station coming (sent from Khopoli Stn.)
all ok at ambernath up to dombivli? (sent from Kopar Stn.)
Gajanan vada pav khula hai Kya? (sent from Chembur)
ambernath to badlapur? (sent from Badlapur Stn.)
what about casara trains? (sent from Tilak Nagar)
is there waterlogging in sion
i am vikhroli where is titwala train (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)
what is the status of 4.14 cst train from asangaon (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
What is the status of kasara (sent from Vasind Stn.)
aaj barish Jyada hone k wajehse central line ki local chalu hai?  (sent from Mulund)
what is status vasind to csmt
what is the status csmt to thane (sent from Marine Lines)
what is status for titwala to dadar (sent from Titwala Stn.)
what is the status of Kalyan (sent from Kalyan)
what is a status of train
is train going towards thane from vithalwadi? (sent from Vithalwadi)
train status in central line..late or normal? (sent from Thakurli)
kasara to cstm trains late ho sakti h kya....central lines trains kya status h?
is the trains on time to thane (sent from Ambivli Stn.)
khadavli se cst train status kya hai? (sent from Khadavli Stn.)
are train s working from Vithalwadi to CST??  (sent from Vithalwadi)
are trains running from thane to ambernath?
Is 5:18 train from kasara to CSMT cancelled?
till what time mega block is there today??
please let us know the train status from Kasara?
central train raining hai Kay? (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)
is central line running fine? (sent from Thakurli)
is there Thane Panvel train running?
is there Sion to डोंबिवली train running? (sent from Dombivli)
kalyan to thane trains? 
badlapur to Kalyan train status ?
all trains are running on time or not
aaj gadi chal rahi ? (sent from Nahur)
are train running from kurla to thane???  (sent from Govandi)
what is d status about asangaon and kasara
titwala to CST Calu he Kaya??? (sent from Titwala Stn.)
are trains running from Kalyan to CST? (sent from Mumbra Stn.)
is there any train from vithalwadi to badlapur (sent from Vithalwadi)
any one at badlapur station? 
is thane underwater? 
trains running properly? 
anyone at dadar? what is status towards Kalyan? (sent from Malad Stn.)
is there any train from mumbra to cst 
mumbra to dadar charhai hai...? (sent from Mumbra)
Kalyan to Mulund trains time pe h??? (sent from Shahad)
? (sent from Ghatkopar)
??? (sent from Bhandup)
kalwa to dadar is running?  (sent from Kalva Stn.)
any update from thane to karjat trains?
are trains running from thane to Ambernath?
thane to kayan train chalu ahe ka? (sent from Thane Stn.)
thane to ulhas or shahd?
pls update?
what is status of kalyan to thane local
 what is the ticket fare from kalyan to dombavli?
kalwa to dadar?  (sent from Kalva Stn.)
pune mumbai trains r running?
badlapur to cst train is running or not olz update?
what about kalwa to cst (sent from Kalva Stn.)
what is the kalyan to titwala updated
what is train status from mulund to dadar? or csmt?  (sent from Mulund Stn.)
what about the Titwala to cst trains 
what about Badlapur 5:04 ??? (sent from Badlapur)
Isnt that strange heavy rains still train working? hope tommorow condition remains the same (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)
what abt dadar to kalwa ??
what abt 5.27 badlapur (sent from Badlapur)
kasara line is on? 
kasara to kalyan train chalu ahe ka?
train on time or not
badlapur se kya position hai ...how much late trains running  (sent from Badlapur)
what abt kasara cst trains (sent from Kasara Stn.)
heavy rain in kalyan.. what is status of train  (sent from Kalyan)
are train's from Dombivli to Ghatkopar running fine?
I am at vidhyavihar and wanted to dadar can anyone plz tell me when is slow train coming 
is trains are running till Badlapur? (sent from Thane)
are trains running from Kasara to Dadar? 
are trains running from badlapur? (sent from Ambernath)
Kalyan to cstm train is going or not
thane to Ghatkopar?  (sent from Rabale)
is it raining heavily in Mumbai? 
karjat to csmt train are going or not
are trains working from kalyan?
plz inform dombivli to kurla & then  kurla to belapur.??
any delay? (sent from Rabale)
hi trains r running from Thane to kakyan ? (sent from Kopar)
kalyan to cst? are trains working 
hi trains are running from ambivli to thane?
what is the train status between Dombivali to Kalwa?
are trains available from  Kalyan KO kasara ??? (sent from Vasind Stn.)
from kalyan to kasara ???? (sent from Vasind)
dombivli to dadar what is status
what is the status of trains from titwala
Why kurla, you can go to belapur from thane also (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
are the train from Thane towards Kalyan running properly? (sent from Khandeshwar)
what is the status of train for Shahad to  CST  (sent from Shahad)
trains start h kya cst k lia??
what status kalyan to c s t (sent from Kalyan)
are the trains working from Kalyan to Dadar??? (sent from Thakurli Stn.)
trains are late or on time? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
from vasind to csmt what's states train 
is train is running from dombivli to dadar? (sent from Dombivli)
which minuets trains are late (sent from Dativali)
kalyan to thane trains are running? 
Ghatkopar to Kalyan train is running?
kya?
Mulund to Dombivali trains running ok na?? (sent from Mulund)
is all trains are on time to ulhasngar to Kalyan  (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
what is the status of trains for CST from Dombivali now  (sent from Kopar)
train is running between the kalyan and karjat? (sent from Jogeshwari)
is Kasara to Kalyan train are running on time ??  (sent from Kalyan)
Badlapur se Kalyan train chalu hai kya?? (sent from Kalyan)
what is running status of trains from dombivali to thane?? (sent from Nilje)
is central line on time?? (sent from Karjat)
mumbai rain ka status btao plss?
are trains on time? (sent from Mulund)
is local train working?  (sent from Shahad)
what is status of local towards Kalyan from Ghatkopar
what is the issue between Bandra to virar pls update (sent from Bandra Stn.)
vithalwadi to CST chalu ahe ka train..? (sent from Vithalwadi)
Dadar to kalyan running or not 
ghatkopar to dombivili route me train chal rahi hai.? reply urgent  (sent from Goregaon)
Central line trains chalu he kya? (sent from Kopar Stn.)
did any train from badlapur leave for cst? (sent from Ambernath Stn.)
Is Asangaon Ghatkopar line working smoothly?
what's is the current status central line ??? (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)
are trains from klyn to cst??
are trains from Karjat to CST running?  (sent from Dombivli)
trains running from Kalyan ?
what's the train status of Kalyan to badlapur
BADLAPUR se train chal rahi ya nahi? (sent from Badlapur)
?
kalyan se dadar train chalu hai kya? please reply (sent from Vithalwadi)
 cst to titwala train chau aahet ka....? (sent from Shahad)
kalyan se cst train chalu hey?? (sent from Vangani Stn.)
what abt western line guys??
koi badlapur se update do..kya condition hai..? any announcement
,??
dadar to dombivli status ? (sent from Bhiwandi Road)
hey..ulhas se cst train nikla? (sent from Vangani Stn.)
cst se Kalyan train hai kya?
yess & where r u ??? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
 dadar se goregaon?? ??
are the trains working ?? (sent from Ambernath Stn.)
How local train is running from vikhroli to cst 
thane sey dadar chalu hai kya? (sent from Mulund)
karjat se csmt train chalu h? 
amb se thane tak train chalu hai ?? (sent from Ambernath Stn.)
are the train working from badlapur to cst??
Trains working from Ambernath to CST ? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
trains r working from Kurla to Kalyan ??? it's raining very heavily in Kurla 
train working from thane to dombivali any update.?? (sent from Kopar Stn.)
kalyan to ambernath?? (sent from Shahad)
hii guys dadar to kurla train hain na ?😥 (sent from Borivali Stn.)
todays trains schedule is affected by rain or not???
is train on time ? (sent from Thane Stn.)
from where (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
train status from ghatkopar to cst?  (sent from Goregaon)
ठाणे ते बदलापूर ट्रेन सद्यस्थिती काय आहे..?? (sent from Rabale)
r trains running from kalyan to csmt ?? (sent from Thakurli)
is the train right time (sent from Kalyan)
Kalyan trains running?  (sent from Ghansoli)
Thane karjat current status ?
what is todays train status
waterlogging hua hai kahi? (sent from Titwala)
hello guys, can any1 pls update train status from Dadar to Dimbivali? (sent from Vile Parle Stn.)
Vidya Vihar to kanjur is available?? (sent from Vidyavihar)
vasai virar wale tren vaigre  pausa mule band ahet ki aajun kahi problem ahe ??? (sent from Vithalwadi Stn.)
plz tel me abot mulund toh dombivali??? (sent from Mulund)
 khopoli se train hai kya kalyan ke??
Titwala-dadar chalu hai? (sent from Titwala)
asnagaon se train he Kya thane tak?
Vidya Vihar to kanjur chalu h ?! (sent from Vidyavihar)
are trains on time? (sent from Thane)
How much late are the trains in central lines ? (sent from Mulund)
anyone travelling on Central line, are trains running ? (sent from Ambernath Stn.)
andheri to churchgate what is the prb (sent from Churchgate)
kalyan to dadar ? (sent from Shahad)
amber to dombivali  train r running?? sent from ambernath 
train are running or not?plz someone tell (sent from Vithalwadi)
why trains from Churchgate not going towards bandra?
what about Thane to Dombivili  (sent from Thane Stn.)
is the trains available towards csmt (sent from Chinchpokli Stn.)
what is the train status.
kalyan to byculla chalu hail kya?
are trains running from dadar to vikhroli?  (sent from Khar Road)
diva vasai aagya kya?? (sent from Bhandup Stn.)
is khopoli to Kalyan train running on time ????
cst to thane? (sent from Andheri)
train r running? from ambarnath to cst (sent from Ambernath)
Dombivali cst train chalu ahet ka? (sent from Kopar)
Dombivali cst train chalu ahet ka? (sent from Kopar)
khopoli to Kalyan train status ??? please update
hi iam in ghatkopar train chalu hai? (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
p.v. thombare, badlapur, what is the exact situation of suburban train right now (sent from Badlapur)
what is the update of trains from dombivali to dadar (sent from Goregaon Stn.)
is there any traffic jam towards Thane station?
kalyan to badlapur any update?  (sent from Kalyan)
??CR news update anyone have
How's train condition from Mulund to kalwa  (sent from Nahur Stn.)
what is current status of the local train between ambernath to CST  (sent from Ambernath Stn.)
Kurla to Dombivili trains are running? (sent from Ghatkopar)
Ghatkopar to cst fast status? (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
trains are running from Mumbra to cst? (sent from Mumbra Stn.)
wat is train status from Dom to cst??? (sent from Thakurli)
When is cstm train from mulund .I a. waiting for 30 min. (sent from Mulund Stn.)
dadar se kalyan train slow chalu hai kya? (sent from Vidyavihar Stn.)
badlapur to cst trains are available or not
what i condition of central line train working properly 
Ambernath CST train running?
kasara to cst train chalu hai?
can anyone who is actually travelling on train reply please  (sent from Nerul Stn.)
ghatkoper se Dombivali route train chalu hai ?? 
Central railway  status ? Thane la  BADLAPUR 
trains are on time from asangaon?  (sent from Vasind Stn.)
are trains to Badlapur working? (sent from Shahad)
Central railway  status ? Thane la  BADLAPUR 
thane to ghatkopar side train chalu he kya? (sent from Ghatkopar)
whether thane to kalyan trains are working ??
Train from Kalyan to Ghatkopar working ?
दादर से कल्याण की चालू है क्या..? (sent from Dadar Stn.)
is the train running on time from titvala to kurla (sent from Titwala)
karjat to cstm train working??plzz guys infom.. 
is train working? 
trains from thane to badlapur are running? (sent from Turbhe)
central line working fine???
are trains on time...?????
what about kalyan to thane trains???? (sent from Kalyan)
thanks for the updates.. one more.. till kalyan or ahead too..?? trains frim Thane to badlapur running or not??
kalyan to cstm is working? (sent from Kalyan)
trains r on time? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
Byculla to Titwala is working..? (sent from Mahalakshmi Stn.)
asangaom se kalyan trains aa rahe h? (sent from Titwala Stn.)
kasara csmt train 6.18 ka aya h kya?? 
is there train to go to Kalyan (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
दादर ते कल्याण ट्रेन चालू आहेत काय ?? (sent from Vile Parle)
कुर्ला में पाणी जमा हो गया हे क्या ?
What is the status of trains from kurla to dadar ? (sent from Kharghar Stn.)
Ghatkopar se CST trains status ? (sent from Vidyavihar Stn.)
is the trains on time frm dadar to kalyan??? (sent from Lower Parel)
Thane to kalyan is the train running on time?  (sent from Airoli)
what is the issues of slow train  (sent from Sion Stn.)
what is train station from kalyan to Cstm (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
train band hui? (sent from Badlapur)
water logging hua kya kisi station k pass? (sent from Matunga Stn.)
what s dombivli train status
there is train after 20 mins why it takes so long (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
cn anyone tell trains are running ? (sent from Lower Parel)
Where is kasara train
Where is kasara train
Where is kasara train plzz
badlapur to cst train is on time???
trains are delayed ? or on time? (sent from Ghatkopar)
trains r on time. 6:46 Kalyan from dadar left on time? (sent from Dadar Stn.)
train is on time.. or not
dadar to thane train's are working or not
where is 6:35 CSMT from shahad? (sent from Shahad Stn.)
train from mulund to kalyan r on time or not
trains are working??  (sent from Dombivli)
badlapur pasun CSMT train chalu ahet ka ? 
r trains working?  (sent from Kalyan)
cst ke liye trains hai kya??  (sent from Dombivli)
trains are on time or not??
Vikhroli to thane train is working??? (sent from Vikhroli)
where's asangaon fast train  (sent from Sion Stn.)
please update train is working from badlapur to cst or not?  (sent from Badlapur)
badlapur to thane  train chalu aahe ka ? (sent from Badlapur)
fast train chalu aahet ka??  (sent from Dombivli)
Kanjurmarg to Dadar train traffic chalu hai kya?
what is status of trains from CST to ambernath or Badlapur
what is status for coming from nahur to kalyan (sent from Kalyan)
diva cst running properly? (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)
kasara local on time ?
Ambernath/ badlapur train chalu hai? 
Kalyan to Badlapur trains are available or not.    ??
is there water clogging on train? (sent from Kalva)
where is Karjat train (sent from Badlapur)
badlapur Thane train Seva chal rahi hai ? (sent from Badlapur)
kalyan se Age ja rahi Kya?  (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
central line from Ambernath to CST चालू आहे का?
Kasara train hai kya?? (sent from Kasara Stn.)
train chalu hai na? 
Badlapur to cst train chal rahi hai kya? (sent from Shahad Stn.)
what is present status 7-21pm (sent from Bandra Stn.)
are there trains from thane towards dadar ?
central from Dadar to Thane? status (sent from Bandra Stn.)
thane to dadar?
any one say me where is khopoli train??? (sent from Badlapur)
badlapur to dadar train status? (sent from Badlapur)
ambernath to kalyan train status? 
thane to badlapur train status???
ambernath to Ghatkopar trains r running??
????
any train issue in Kalyan ? (sent from Byculla)
any train issue in Kalyan ? (sent from Byculla)
where is the 7.23 Kurla train from Mulund (sent from Mulund Stn.)
where is the Kurla 7.23 train reached? I am at Mulund (sent from Mulund Stn.)
are trains on time from Badlapur ?? (sent from Badlapur)
any problem to reach kurla to kalyan?trains are running properly? (sent from Mahim Jn)
trains from badlapur ??
any mail or express are late specially aurangabad route ?
trains are running properly ? (sent from Dombivli)
where is Karjat train (sent from Badlapur)
are trains are on time in central ??? (sent from Koparkhairne)
Trains are running between karj at and kalyan on time? (sent from Ambernath)
khopoli cst train chal rahi hai ? (sent from Khopoli)
going to karad which tren travel  (sent from Borivali)
neral trains? (sent from Neral)
is the train is running from mumbra to csmt
?
Dadar to Thane status ??? train is regularly running ????? (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)
train status towards titwala?? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
what about ambernath to thane
is Kalyan trains working today? (sent from Airoli)
it's titwala train running late?  (sent from Mulund)
karjat to cst trains update please?? (sent from Palasdhari)
hi vipin how much it late
kalyan to thane trains are running?
where is karjat local (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)
whether train is running on time at sewri or there is block due to rain ?
karjat to cst train status. are running on time?
trains r on time?
are trains on time now? towards csmt? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
train running on time? 
train running on time towrds cstm?? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
is the train working properly from dadar to kalyan ?? (sent from Bhayander)
what is the status from dhanu to churchgate local (sent from Boisar)
where is cst to kasara train  (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
kal trains chalenge kya? (sent from Kalyan)
Any train for Kurla from Dadar? (sent from Dadar Stn.)
Hello ..ulhasnagar to thane r trains working? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
Hello ..ulhasnagar to thane r trains working? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
central railway thane to badlapur?
what is kalyan to csmt current status (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
fast trains are on time ? (sent from Kurla Stn.)
is any fast train Thane? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
how are trains working in central from titwala
9:13 cst from badlapur....is on time or not??? (sent from Ambernath Stn.)
thane station war khopoli arrival time kaay dakhawat aahet?? (sent from Rabale)
Is it raining heavily there in Mumbai?
train's chalu ahet ka????? (sent from Ambernath)
is there any water logging in Mumbai? (sent from Badlapur)
what is status of Vasind to cst train (sent from Vasind Stn.)
standing at thane plt 4 plz update bout cstm? (sent from Thane Stn.)
what about trains from shahad (sent from Shahad)
where is the ambernath train (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
train from thane to kasara is on time or what
train from badlapur r available or not
koi katjat railway police kaa no. dear Sakta hai? (sent from Mumbai Central)
what is the status of local train now (sent from Badlapur)
what is current status of trains (sent from Atgan)
what is current status of train from kalyan to cst  (sent from Dativali Stn.)
how to know about  local train plat form number?
भाऊ घाटकोपर  दिवा ट्रेन सुरळीत चालू आहे का? (sent from Ghatkopar)
kalyan to ghatkopar chalu aahe ka? (sent from Ghatkopar)
 train band aahet ka?? (sent from Nalla Sopara Stn.)
सर पुणे स्टेशनवरुन नाशिक रोड जाणारी गाडीचा Time काय आहे???
are Central Railway trains on time?
what about kurla 
are Central Railway trains on time?
train toward badlapur are on time? (sent from Ghatkopar)
central local trains running on time or what
trains r on time???
badlapur ke liye trains hai kya? (sent from Ghatkopar)
will tomorrow b holiday due to water logging???
Punyavarun nashil jayala bus kuthe lagel???
which station train arrive.... (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)
where is the kasara train ? (sent from Thane Stn.)
Is Kasara train departed from Ghatkopar ? (sent from Thane Stn.)
Is Kasara train departed from Ghatkopar? (sent from Thane Stn.)
?????
kasara train ka koi update h kya ? (sent from Thane Stn.)
kal train hai kya chalu any update for central line???
what (sent from Badlapur Stn.)
 8.34 Kalyan se fast train time pe chalti hai kya aajkal ?
Kalyan se kasara chalu hai kya? (sent from Vithalwadi)
is last train for csmt available today? (sent from Thane)
is it raining in thane? (sent from Badlapur)
12.12 Kasara train kaha pe hai?  (sent from Shahad Stn.)
is it raining in ulhasnagar? 
and in thane??? (sent from Badlapur)
someone tell about thane plzzz is it raining there??? (sent from Badlapur)
any change?
anybody from thane??? (sent from Badlapur)
is it raining in Badlapur?
where is the last train for csmt (sent from Thane Stn.)
u sure? (sent from Badlapur)
sseriously ?? (sent from Vangani Stn.)
what's the status now (sent from Bhandup Stn.)
what is the situation in kalyan station
guys what ru doing yar
16 july ( Train status..?) via Badlapur (sent from Badlapur)
wht do uh thnk about tomm trns ?? (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)
what's updated (sent from Bhandup Stn.)
bhandup pe Pani Bhara hai? 
bhandup pe Pani Bhara hai? 
is there any train now from ghatkopar to  Ambarnath ? (sent from Santa Cruz)
train चालू hai kya?  (sent from Badlapur)
Kal CLG ko holiday milegi Kya due to heavy rain and water-logging?
Hi, Kasara to CST train is running?
where is khopoli csmt fast (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
hi.. is 6.50 train from thane to csmt from.platform 3, a regular one ? (sent from Thane Stn.)
status of 7:04 fast local for csmt? (sent from Kalva)
where is khoop ki to cstm train (sent from Badlapur Stn.)
....???? (sent from Dombivli)
what accident and where ? (sent from Thakurli)
what happened ..? (sent from Thakurli)
what happend???? (sent from Mumbra)
Asangaon fast on time?? (sent from Bhandup Stn.)
what accident happened? can't see anything on news  (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
trains r on time ?
बदलापूर ते ठाणे ट्रेन वेळेवर आहेत ना ?? (sent from Sanpada Stn.)
is this train issue on fast line central from thane to csmt
what the train rent for freesties of cancer?  
Is't True?
dadar to thane train is running on time or late ? (sent from Virar)
khopoli train..? (sent from Shahad)
why today train late  (sent from Badlapur)
Csmt ? (sent from Thane Stn.)
trains are on tym. or late?  (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
how r u guyz
hi, what is the status of trains going towards CSMT....
where is the kasara train (sent from Mulund)
asangaon thane train running late? (sent from Thakurli Stn.)
what about Thane local train (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
Where is 9:35 (From Kalyan) Kasara train ?? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
what happened at central rote (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
why stop near kalyan of 9.29 badlapur to cst  (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
what is problem at kalyan towards csmt end.fast train stopped for ten minutes
what problem at kalyan (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
9.29 Badlapur is stopped outsiede Kalyan Station since last 10 odd minutes. What is the problem ahead ? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
why is train halted at Kalyan station?
where track has been damaged  (sent from Shahad)
what happend in kalyan stn platform no 7  (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
what about central line train (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
9.29 badlapur train stopped after kalyan more than 15-20 min, does anyone have idea what is the issue after kalyan on fast track  (sent from Shahad)
is there any problem at kalyan (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
why trains r not moving from kalyan  (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
what railway is announcing  (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
what has happened? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
what is the issue ? (sent from Ambernath Stn.)
mail proper chalana hai railway ko what abt locals  (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
what is problem on kalyan station towards CST line (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
why 9.29 Badlapur train stop at kalyan last 25 min (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
Is Badlapur 2:29 train gonna move? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
no body know what happened (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
can someone update what is the issue ? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
what's happened Balapur- CSTM not moving (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
any problem near Kalyan?? train not moved from 20 mins (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
what was the problem  (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
aney problam central line ? (sent from Cotton Green Stn.)
what is problem on fast track will trains move in few minutes or it takes too much time (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
what happen between kalyan cst... khapoli CST stuck in kalyan station (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
what's the issue (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
Please post whether it is gonna move? or should we leave train? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
what is the issue from last half nd hour train is not moving from Kalyan (sent from Vithalwadi Stn.)
any problem at kalyan ?????? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
can anyone pls tell why fast trains are not moving from Kalyan  (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
any problem at kalyan ? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
just heard an announcement at Vikhroli station that all fast locals facing some issues (sent from Vikhroli)
any problem at kalyan ??? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
is any problem with train at Kalyan (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
we are stuck in fast train near Kalyan for last  30 minutes why it is  not moving beyond Kalyan (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
what is announcement (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
slow line is ohk??? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
what Happened between Kalyan and Dombivili (sent from Kalyan)
khopoli train on kalyan station last 30 min what happen (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
train? (sent from Borivali)
why the motorman not doing alowmncement ? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
why stop fast train at Kalyan  (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
why trains are standing in kalyan status
anybody in 9.47 from kalyan? (sent from Kalyan)
what is the problem (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
what is problem in fast track between kalyan thane 
what happened in Kalyan please inform (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
what is the prob (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
what is the prob (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
Bhai Train kalyan me q Ruka he....?  (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
kya hua prblm koi bata skta hai??? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
how many time (sent from Badlapur)
up fast trains stopped at Kalyan... what the problem (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
kalyan to csmt slow train chal rahi he kya? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
why Panchavati express stuck at Kalyan ? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
really? is it now started? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
what is the train status from titwala
kal hi to megablock liya tha?? (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)
how much time is taken?
what is d problem at Kalyan stn (sent from Shahad)
are slow train from kalyan to csmt working?? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
Any announcements at kalyan station? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
slow train from kalyan....any updates?? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
what's the problem in kalyan station  (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
kaha pe huaa hai but i men which stn (sent from Bhandup)
bhai fast track pe k slow?  (sent from Vithalwadi)
is there is block after kalyan towards kasara (sent from Mulund Stn.)
any updates?
abhi trains normal start ho gayi hai kya?? (sent from Badlapur)
any problem at kalyan station..? 
dombivli Ka fast track chalu hua kya ??? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
trains late hai?  (sent from Thane Stn.)
what is problem for delay? (sent from Kalyan)
what is problem for delay? (sent from Kalyan)
what is the problem (sent from Neral)
where fast local (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
Panchvati Stopped at Kalyan Since 45 minutes...what Happened towards CSMT end (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
wtat is the problem?
status of karjat Cst train ? (sent from Neral Stn.)
10 38 ? or 11 01 ? (sent from Neral Stn.)
what status now (sent from Ambivli Stn.)
current status ? (sent from Vithalwadi)
when 10;54 cst will arrive????
is there any problem on fast up line ?
WHAT IS CURRENT STATUS OF FAST TRAIN FROM KALYAN (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
9.29 badlapur train kahan pahunchi? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
is there is any problem in kalyan (sent from Shahad)
is there is any problem in kalyan (sent from Shahad)
kab aayegi 10:54 fast for cst? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
 why trains are late (sent from Shahad)
what is the status of 11.05 slow train to CSMT from Shahad (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
what about slow train (sent from Shahad)
what about slow train (sent from Shahad)
what is the problem between Shahzad and kalyan
current status of central railway ?
what is the current status of the train proble was solve?
thanks ...slow track is working ?
slow train start? 
fast train was diverted into slow track? 
 Yaar! Humesha Yeh Sab Central Line Me Hi Kyu Hota Hai? Naa Toh Iddr Fast Train Ki Frequency Hai! Aur Toh Aur Time Par B Nhi Chalti! Aur Fir Tracks Fracture!
why train is late (sent from Kurla Stn.)
wat is status of karjat train from kurla? (sent from Govandi)
are karjat train on time or there is delay? (sent from Govandi)
on which line? towards cst or towrads/karjat'kasara? (sent from Govandi Stn.)
why trains are delayed
5 41 am slow from Badlapur to CST reaches Ghatkopar at what time (sent from Ambernath)
which train for badlapur from vidhyavihar (sent from Vidyavihar Stn.)
Hi.. dose any body knows central line train status??  (sent from Mankhurd)
Is there any problem between Thakurli?  (sent from Badlapur)
are trains moving normally to karjat  side? (sent from Airoli)
is the problem solved between Kalyan to dombivali (sent from Karjat Stn.)
Han ho gaya  (sent from Badlapur)
11.18 csmt titwala starter kaha hai? (sent from Shahad Stn.)
where ia karjat 11:54 from thane? 
Why janshtadbi is standing at ambivali 
central line resumed??? (sent from Dombivli)
central line is clear or not 
train's from shahad are moving ahead?  (sent from Kasara Stn.)
is the problem solved (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
are trains running from Kalyan to upside?  (sent from Vithalwadi)
problem has been solved?  (sent from Vithalwadi)
Did it arrive?  (sent from Vithalwadi)
are kalyan to kasara train started???
why r trains late? I boarded 12.3pm CST from Ambernath still at vithalwadi (sent from Vithalwadi Stn.)
why trains r late for central line (sent from Vithalwadi Stn.)
is 12:25 cst fast train from kalyan on time?  (sent from Vithalwadi Stn.)
can railways reply on chats? (sent from Vithalwadi Stn.)
train r not running between vitthalwadi to kalyan any idea what's problam (sent from Vithalwadi)
where is Karjat-CST fast local now (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)
always tracks r broken on central railway why we paid fare if railway have not value for our time.yesterday is the maintaince day and today again same problem (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
how much people pay for the fare ... more than 40 % don't buy ticket or pass travel free .... why western railway gets good service because more than 80 % travel with pases ....  (sent from Vithalwadi)
what is status of train in kalyan (sent from Vithalwadi Stn.)
where ia the karjat train which comes at kalyan  at 12.43 (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
Kalyan pasun train band ahet ka? (sent from Badlapur)
Kalyan pasun train band ahet ka? (sent from Badlapur)
is there any problem at kalyan? trains are not moving ahead? (sent from Badlapur)
people who have brought lunch please do it in train only ....  (sent from Kalyan)
train band he kya kalyan se? (sent from Badlapur)
Any effect on trains going from ghatkopar to CSMT? (sent from Ghatkopar)
fast trains b late chal Rahi hai kya vithalwadi se???  (sent from Vithalwadi)
that's true man because of this we reached late then we have to complete login hrs for day due to which we end up coming late at home no family life (sent from Thakurli Stn.)
kalyan to cst rout are clear or not any one??
12: 23 CST slow still not reached vithalwadi...? (sent from Vithalwadi Stn.)
which news? (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)
can you share link please? (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)
kuch problem hai kya near kalyan or vithalwadi? (sent from Rabale Stn.)
does anyone know when it'll arrive? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
may some prblm is there in karjat train....??? 
are train running between karjat to Thane? 
what is problem in badlapur to CST root ? (sent from Vithalwadi Stn.)
kHere Channel Te?
central line problem or what (sent from Vithalwadi Stn.)
about train which departed from neral by 12:17 why it is stuck in middle?
any fast train left from klyn????? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
when the central railway run on time.every Sunday take maga blocks.f..k to system of cr (sent from Vithalwadi)
does anyone know what was iasue (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
what's happening on vitthal vadi station 
what's happening on vitthal vadi station 
some  one from railway department , can tell us what is the issue at Central line (sent from Shahad Stn.)
1 29 khopoli ? (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)
what is the status of cost trin
what happen
what is issue are trains on time
i m from ambivli i want to go Dombivli can I prefer train ?? or any other option ?? (sent from Ambivli Stn.)
what is issue on train tome (sent from Vithalwadi)
kasara to cst fast kaha par hai? thane par bola gaya late ayegi. (sent from Thane Stn.)
wht is the position of kasara side train? 
are trains operating from Thane to kasara? (sent from Mulund)
is slow trains from kalyan station to CSMT started ,on time now ? (sent from Shahad)
kalyan kasara line chalu ahe? 
on a train towards CSTM started frm badlapur at 12.34 is still not crossed Dombavli.  what exactly  is the problem not clear. its a Fast train (sent from Thakurli)
is there any problem ahead? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
where has your train reach?  (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
does anyone has any update what exactly the problem is. (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
took 1 hr to travel from ambernath to Kalyan. what is the reason. kal mega block me kya Kiya. Abhi to delays daily ka issue ho gaya hai (sent from Thakurli)
there was rail fracture between Kalyan and  thakurli in morning. that why all train are late (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
would anyone tell, what exactly problem created with trains (sent from Shahad)
Konse Channel Par?
konse?? (sent from Dombivli)
what problem (sent from Shahad)
local 12.01 karjat to cst late (sent from Mulund Stn.)
whts the problem in kasara line??local stop near to ambivili (sent from Ambivli)
whats the reason? (sent from Shahad)
are fast trains working towards kalyan? (sent from Dadar Stn.)
Is there any problem to dadar to Dombivili (sent from Elphinstone Road)
where is the badlapur- cst fast local
any Problem In central line? (sent from Kalyan)
what is the status of badlapur cst trn (sent from Kopar)
what's problem central line  (sent from Thakurli)
what problem  (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
what problems bro  (sent from Airoli)
आसनगांव ते ठाणा लोकल शहाड ते कल्याण खुप वेळ ऊभी आहे. कल्याण स्टेशन वर काही प्राॅब्लेम आहे का????  (sent from Shahad)
what is position of konkan railway train Dadar Ratnagiri today. is it on time ? (sent from Dadar Stn.)
fast trains late aahet ka? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
Kalyan titwala chya madhe Kahi problem ahe ka...??? (sent from Thane)
Bhiwandi road se Bandra station kaise Jane kya??
where is 3:09 cst train  (sent from Kurla)
karjat to cst trains are on time?? 
what is the train status ( sent from titwala) (sent from Titwala)
cst to Karjat trains are on time? (sent from Andheri)
where raech train of dadar  (sent from Vithalwadi Stn.)
any problem for down train from thane? (sent from Thane)
trains are running on time or not?? any update?
what is the status of train from vitthal wadi towards dadar
what is train status between thane towards karjat? (sent from Mumbra)
what time this cst fast train @3.26 will come in Thane stn.  (sent from Thane Stn.)
any problem kadavli between thane why are train running late (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)
any problem at vashi railway station?? (sent from Vashi)
now what is the situation (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)
are trains running late? (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)
what is the status of train towards karjat (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)
where is 4.13 Dadar badlapur fast train (sent from Bhandup Stn.)
where is dadar badlapur (sent from Bhandup Stn.)
what about 4:22 dadar - badlapur  (sent from Kurla Stn.)
are the trains in time now?
?
trains late ahet ka? (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)
badlapur 4.54 from Dombivali is  canceled?  (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
slow trains towards Thane are working? (sent from Vidyavihar)
I am going to Karjat so which local in this route ani which time and which platform no
what about central train (sent from Thane)
what about kasara train
what status of Central line
what status to from Kurla to thane (sent from Chunabhatti)
Are central line trains running on time? (sent from Vile Parle)
on time or late? (sent from Chunabhatti)
what is status of central line local running ok (sent from Elphinstone Road)
what happen about badlapur to cst fast train (sent from Vithalwadi Stn.)
which cst train will be arriving at Matunga now?  (sent from Matunga Road Stn.)
why train are delay on CST slow line  (sent from Dadar Stn.)
where did thane karjat 5.48 reach??? (sent from Koparkhairne)
?? (sent from Matunga Stn.)
Is any crack on railway track near by Kalyan ? (sent from Kurla)
cst going slow trains are running late.. did something happen ?
any issue of train?? 
what is train situation at dadar
are trains still late? (sent from Karjat Stn.)
what is current status?? 
Are the trains running on time? is it raining heavily in thane and dombivili?  (sent from Vikhroli)
whats the status of kurla local? (sent from Chinchpokli Stn.)
status of kurla local? (sent from Dadar Stn.)
asangaon fast train 7.04 status ??? (sent from Vikhroli)
trust there is no train delay by rain? 
what about Vidharbha express? Is it running on time? (sent from Dadar Stn.)
central line train are on  regural time ? please update
what is the train from cat to Thane status (sent from Elphinstone Road Stn.)
7:52 Ambernath fast status ?
position of central line train from curray rd? (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)
guys, central line ki trains on time h ya late hai?
what is status of 15 coach Kalyan train from cst (sent from Dadar Stn.)
train status from ghatkopar to badlapur??
whr is the kasara  train? (sent from Ambivli Stn.)
are the trains on central line delayed ???? (sent from Turbhe)
what the situation in central line (sent from Dadar Stn.)
are trains for Thane running??? (sent from Andheri)
what is current situation from ghatkopar
train r on time?
central line status?
dadar to kalyan train status kya hai? (sent from Santa Cruz Stn.)
Are up trains on time...are trains for cst on time? (sent from Kalva)
thane to badlapur train on tme? please  (sent from Thane Stn.)
7.40 chi dadar-ambernath local kuthe aahe?? (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
what about kurla station (sent from Kurla)
hi ... is 8:17 cst Thane train. left from CST ? (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)
trains are running on time or its delay or cancellation of train ? (sent from Churchgate)
down train on time? (sent from Bhandup Stn.)
can anyone tell if trains are on time in ghatkopar towards thane? (sent from Andheri Stn.)
please update, where is 8:20 karjat from badlapur? (sent from Vangani Stn.)
are trains coming before time???? (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)
has 8:17 cst Thane slow train left from CST ? (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)
waiting for cst slow.. kab aayegi? 
what is status at ghatkopar station from cst (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
central line trains running normal or late? what status? (sent from Vikhroli)
kuthe bhai on time??? (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)
what is status at CST  (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
how to go kasara from kurla  (sent from Vidyavihar)
area trains on time?
Train running timle or not
What is status o f train in central
trajan toward csmt is running or not 
Train timle or not
what is status of thane (sent from Thane)
what is status of trains from cst (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
whether fast trains from thane to cst are running on time? 
?? (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
what about khopoli (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
846pm khopoli ? (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
8.36 CST thane train status ?  (sent from Chinchpokli Stn.)
what about  khopoli fast train from cst (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
Train Slow hai kya ? (sent from Andheri Stn.)
what is status  please reply (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
what about centrel line becouse of heavy
any problem between Thane to kalyan?  (sent from Airoli)
what's status of trains at thane
Thane to karjat badlapur train gele ka?  (sent from Kalyan)
Thane to karjat slow train badlapur gele ka?  (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
slow train status Thane to karjat?  (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
where (sent from Lower Parel)
any train issues??.... (sent from Chembur)
what is status of kasra - Titwala train.. (sent from Koparkhairne Stn.)
does any one knows that 9.13 khopoli train from ghatkopr is how much late or where exactly it is? (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
? (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
,लोकल वेळेवर आहे ? (sent from Thakurli)
train chalu he Kya?  central line (sent from Jogeshwari)
Where is 9.23  khopoli from mulund  (sent from Mulund Stn.)
train are running or not
how much time in train (sent from Dombivli)
is central line affected due to rain??? 
how much time in late train (sent from Dombivli)
Any update on 9:32 badlapur train ? (sent from Airoli)
train chalu he kya?? (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
what is the status for CST trains from Dombivli? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
is trains running on time from kurla .. is there any issues or delay?  (sent from Chunabhatti)
are trains working from Thane to Kalyan line??
Is there raining in Mumbai??
where the train of 9.17at kalyan.  (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
hi is Central railway running on time? (sent from Borivali)
what is current status Ghatkopar to dombivali
what is a time of cst (sent from Vasind)
train running on time properly between vikhroli to dadar ? (sent from Bhayander)
are trains running from Ghatkopar to Ambernath?
hi, checking with u since u r at Dombivali.. can u check if there's an old lady who accidentally got there from a thane fast train..  (sent from Kalva Stn.)
local are running between kanjurmarg to kurla????? (sent from Kanjur Marg)
what is the status of trains from Ghatkopar to thane? (sent from Jogeshwari)
what about trains towards cst?  (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)
khopoli fast status? (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)
what's the status of train towards dombivali (sent from Nahur)
where is the khopoli train in which (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)
is there any train from kalyan for cst (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
is all the train on time  (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
how to reach kurla to thane
khopoli train? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
kasara fast right time in kurla?  (sent from Vadala Road)
where is kalyan local (sent from Mulund Stn.)
trains on tym ??
khopoli left from kalyan right? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
how many months before booking tickets for train
csmt 11.25 F from Thane? status (sent from Thane Stn.)
has train left from kalyan ??? (sent from Thane Stn.)
how much is the fare from Kalyan to Thane
is there any train now for vikhroli or nearby stations from Thane (sent from Vikhroli)
is there any train now for vikhroli or nearby stations from Thane (sent from Vikhroli)
what is the fare from nasik  to thane
what is the fare from nasik  to thane
Any update on the first train from CST towards Kalyan?
khopoli to csmt  fast  local is where (sent from Ambivli)
at present fast csmt is where (sent from Shahad Stn.)
csmt fast? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
any central line delay??  (sent from Sandhurst Road Stn.)
towards csmt trains are late ??? (sent from Kalva Stn.)
is any issues ??? to Central line (sent from Kalva Stn.)
what about kp train reaching dadar at 0700 hrs (sent from Ambernath)
where is 7.8am train from Mulund  (sent from Mulund Stn.)
where is 7.8am fast train at Mulund  (sent from Mulund Stn.)
thane se trains time pr hai Kya ??? (sent from Kalva Stn.)
7.22 csmt slow arrived at platform no 4??
what about 7.48 Mulund halt train karjat?
what about 7.48 Mulund halt train from karjat?
why central trains are running late for 20 min today ?
why Central trains are running late for 20 min today? (sent from Mulund Stn.)
late by ??? minutes please (sent from Shahad)
where is khopoli local (sent from Ambernath Stn.)
where is khopoli local (sent from Ulhasnagar (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
Kalyan stn ke platform no 5 mai TT khada hai kya? (sent from Vithalwadi)
does the indore pune express stop on diva junction (sent from Kopar Stn.)
where is Badlapur fast train (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)
where is Badlapur train (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)
8,46 CSTM left from Kalyan?  (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
why trains are running late any idea?
why 8.45 Kalyan CST semifast not having three coaches f (sent from Mumbra)
when it is reserved for ladies from both the end (sent from Mumbra)
what about kasara train  (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)
what about 9.29 train (sent from Badlapur)
9.33 cst fast lft frm thane?  (sent from Mulund Stn.)
what about 9.31 thane train..? (sent from Thakurli Stn.)
is there any issue of train towards KALYAN, KARJAT KHOPOLI (sent from Thakurli Stn.)
where is 10.06 kalyan bound local ??
10.06 kalyan starting  local..where is it ? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
when train will come of 10:06 (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
has 10.17 kalyan bound slow local started from kalyan ? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
is there any local train to matheran
where is 10.44 cst local from Dombivli (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
is 10.42 fast local from badlapur to cst left badlapur?  (sent from Vithalwadi Stn.)
is 10.37 fast CSTM left Kalyan?
does it left? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
Is Cstm train late.?
20 mins late what is going on  (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
diva jn to vithalwadi come on which time (sent from Diva Jn)
What will be the first class fare from Dombivli to charni Road? 
central trains are on time? (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)
7 time indicated 1 min left but how long (sent from Thane Stn.)
what about 11:59 fast train from ambarnath (sent from Ambernath Stn.)
is 11:59 fast train from ambernath on time? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
is 11:59 fast train from ambernath to cst on time? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
where reach karjat to cst train? (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)
are the local trains from kasara on time???
kurla to ghatkopar which Paris the pass (sent from Ghatkopar)
Fast train from Kasara to CST on time? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
is there Karjat to CST train left from Kalyan ?? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
any fast train left from kalyan??? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
Lett to Haridwar down 12171 comes on which platform in kalyan
The train from thane to badlapur at evening 6.51 pm always bring in speed .why bringing so fast it starts from thane only Na atleast where ladies are standing there atleast from there the train should be some slow this is daily issue. (sent from Belapur Cbd Stn.)
which train...  (sent from Mumbai Central Stn.)
1.55 fast train from thane to csmt......what is the status (sent from Cst Stn.)
closed  1 St class all compartment full crowed... 2 ND class ticket holder also travel in. 1 St class. 
then. why it is different... let. all be one (sent from Mumbai Central Stn.)
1:20 titwala train what time reach at cst (sent from Cst Stn.)
ahe
where is khopoli cstm fast?
3.11 cst train from atgaon is on time ?
Badlapur to CST on time hae kya ? Mulund timing 4:08
Badlapur to CST is on time ?
 (sent from Mulund Stn.)
anyone know how to go to dalal street (sent from Dahisar Stn.)
train status ?
 in forgot my helmet in train,. does any body have idea what to do (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)
how to go thane to kalyan (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)
is 5:46 Ambarnath cancelled?  (sent from Cst Stn.)
asangoan at thanks 6.22pm which location
 (sent from Juinagar Stn.)
asangoan train thane time 6.22pm which location (sent from Juinagar Stn.)
Where is dadar dombivali 5.58 (sent from Dadar Stn.)
where is ladies special now  (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)
asangon fast which location (sent from Airoli Stn.)
6 17 csmt fast current status? mulunf (sent from Mulund Stn.)
6.36 Badlapur fast on which platform  (sent from Matunga Road Stn.)
5:56 titwala where it is now (sent from Bhivpuriroad)
Thane user and Dadar user. Don't keep spamming. There are other stations as well where people want to board train from. Where is CSMT user ? (sent from Churchgate)
where is thane train 7.03 (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
where is 5:58 kalyan train (sent from Thane)
6:50 Kurla train nikali hai Kya CST se? (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)
are all trains on time? (sent from Churchgate)
What is the problem between diva to dombivali (sent from Thane Stn.)
what is problem between Diva to Dombivli train late
what is status of 7.13 ambernath csmt fast?? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
where is 15 car kalyan ?  (sent from Byculla Stn.)
On Sunday morning at around 7:30am are there chances of rush from thane to Karjat?? 
I am at vithalwadi station since 7.21 and waiting for 7.26 Karjat (sent from Vithalwadi Stn.)
what is the use "Time table" when central railway never going to follow.    (sent from Byculla Stn.)
why??? (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)
kab problem nai hota hai ? (sent from Byculla Stn.)
train halted at Kalwa station..... Kay problem aahe? (sent from Kalva Stn.)
what happened in near kalwa stn.. . (sent from Kalva Stn.)
where is ambernath to cst fast train  (sent from Mulund Stn.)
what is the problem on central down slow track ??? (sent from Kalva Stn.)
what is the problem on central down slow track ??? (sent from Kalva Stn.)
fast down train on time? pls update (sent from Airoli)
What is issue at Kalwa station
badlapur fast train 8.2 on time from thane? (sent from Kalva)
what is problem (sent from Kalva Stn.)
What problem between kalwa and mumbra station  (sent from Thakurli Stn.)
Mumbai local...Is there a day when u perform the train running on time or without any glitches.🤔🤨 (sent from Kalva Stn.)
what is the exact issue (sent from Kalva Stn.)
What is the probem on. Down slow.. Central railway at the moment
why train stop near kalwa station  (sent from Kalva)
no announcement why down  trains are running late (sent from Kalva Stn.)
any problem?  trains delayed 
what the fish going on
No annoument from C R ??

Any updates reg sudden stoppage ?? (sent from Kalva)
what happened (sent from Kalva)
any update what is reson (sent from Kalva)
Is there any problem at kalwa station as the train is positioned on the platform since the last 20 mins?  (sent from Kalva Stn.)
where is fast train of mulund 8:05? (sent from Kalva)
where is the 7:51 Kalyan fast from Kurla (sent from Kurla Stn.)
how did you come to know ???? you were at kalwa station ????
are fast trains not moving too? (sent from Kalva)
is there any problem in central line (sent from Kalva Stn.)
is there any issue in CR ? 7:43 Badlapur down train is halted near Kalwa for more than 30 mins  (sent from Kalva Stn.)
what  is the status of 8.03thane -karjat train (sent from Thane Stn.)
what happened kalyan train (sent from Kalva)
fast train bhi late he kya?  (sent from Kalva)
what happened on central train 7.46 cat train yet not reach at thane? (sent from Thane Stn.)
anyone know whats happenning??? (sent from Kalva Stn.)
is there any problem in slow track central line
yes, what about the fast line? (sent from Kalva)
what hapn between kalwa n thane (sent from Kalva)
why the 7.43 badlapur stopped??
why the 7.43 badlapur stopped??
where is traffic police then😠😠😠 (sent from Kalva Stn.)
what hapn between kalwa n thane (sent from Kalva)
what is issue at kalava and mumbra down (sent from Kalva Stn.)
any on 7:28 from CST where its? (sent from Kurla Stn.)
what is the issue between kalwa and thane can u help me (sent from Kalva)
is there any problem in slow track
what happened... 6.50 kalyan train standing between kalwa and mumbra
what is the issue (sent from Thane)
Phatak open for more than 30 mins ??? (sent from Kalva Stn.)
what's the issue with down local (sent from Tilak Nagar)
coz Kalyan semi fast stuck at kalva which leaves B4 badlapur (sent from Kalva Stn.)
why stoping train at kalwa (sent from Kalva Stn.)
which phatak (sent from Kalva Stn.)
wats the problem ? (sent from Kalva Stn.)
What the hell are they annoucing?
Traffic jam?? Idiots  (sent from Kalva Stn.)
konsa fatak open hai ?? (sent from Kalva Stn.)
what has happened near kalwa (sent from Thane)
why train stop between Thane and kalwa station (sent from Thane)
why trains are delayed 
konsa fatak open hai ?? (sent from Kalva Stn.)
hi what is prob (sent from Kalva Stn.)
all train going towards kalyan ... then how it happens (sent from Thane Stn.)
What the hell are they annoucing?
Traffic jam?? Idiots  (sent from Kalva Stn.)
what is the problem at Kalwa station.   (sent from Kalva Stn.)
nighali ka train?? (sent from Thane Stn.)
What the hell are they annoucing?
Traffic jam?? Idiots  (sent from Kalva Stn.)
which train (sent from Kalva Stn.)
what's the train problem kalwa to mumbra (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
what is the issue between Thane and kalwa
Stuck at kalwa dont no why (sent from Thane)
what is the problem wid trains (sent from Kalva Stn.)
which train
They were on strike for 25 mints ....?? lol  (sent from Kalva Stn.)
is Thier any issue between Mulund to thane?  train halted from 15mins before thane (sent from Thane)
Is any issues between thane and kalyan, route?  (sent from Thane Stn.)
what's d problem?  huge rush at thane (sent from Thane Stn.)
y train is at halt between thane n kalva ? (sent from Thane)
is there issue on fast track? (sent from Kalva)
where is 8.19 badalapur @ sion (sent from Sion Stn.)
is there any prblm in central line (sent from Bhandup)
where is Dombivali local now ? (sent from Thane Stn.)
what is problem ? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
what is problem in slow local towerd Kalyan? (sent from Thane)
is there any problem on Central railway for cst trains ?? (sent from Thane Stn.)
thane slow stopped between thane n mulund Dont know why. (sent from Mulund)
where is dombivali local ?? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
what happened after mulund train is not moving ?
where are karsara
there is no anouncement in train also why its stopped between mulund and thane (sent from Mulund)
what is problem slow local  (sent from Thane)
where are karsara train 
is der any issue with train?? (sent from Mulund)
is der any issue with train?? (sent from Mulund Stn.)
pl update regarding trains from mulund to thane?? (sent from Nahur Stn.)
which train dear (sent from Titwala Stn.)
what is the issue??? (sent from Mumbra)
where is Thane Badlapur train now?
aare itna bhavuk hone ki kya zarurat hai?
where is Thane Badlapur train now?
Question:- is thane train more crowded than any other trains?? :o
and also thanks to m indicator to provide us chat facility so we know d issues,nd discuss with others (sent from Thane)
Any problems at kalwa station level crossing? (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
what's going on
what happened (sent from Kalva)
what is problem.?  show train running let 20 min (sent from Kalva)
where is the kasara train (sent from Andheri Stn.)
tren let hai kya? (sent from Kalva Stn.)
what happen train stuck kalwa stn (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)
Traffic?  (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)
,why train stopped after Kalwa stn (sent from Kalva)
wht is the issue should we get down from the train? (sent from Kalva Stn.)
what is the problem  (sent from Andheri Stn.)
what's the issue ? (sent from Parel Stn.)
No announcement in local. Is it really because of crossing?  (sent from Kalva Stn.)
anyone  knows what is the problem? (sent from Kalva)
should we get down from the train ? is train functioning ? or completely stoped
will someone answer? (sent from Kalva Stn.)
When will start the train ?  (sent from Kalva)
what is the issue (sent from Kalva Stn.)
what status of fast train. Train is stuck for last 30 min no annoucement  (sent from Mulund Stn.)
why train are stop in Kalwa station is there any problem (sent from Nahur)
why dombivali train is stuck at kalva ??? it now 20-30 min  (sent from Kalva)
how long will we face this ill maintainace of Mumbai Local? These train sarkari authorities have started taking Mumbaikars for granted. every then and now we r facing issues with train. mostly coz of train we r unable to reach home office classes etc late. we pay full amount in tickets and passes (sent from Kalva Stn.)
why any authourize person reply to delay issues.
what is problem of Kalwa to cst (sent from Kalva)
what is the issue  (sent from Kalva Stn.)
kya sacchi?? (sent from Kalva)
which fatak diva (sent from Kalva Stn.)
what is the problem between thane to kalawa (sent from Kalva Stn.)
kalwa pee train Kyu ruki hai ? (sent from Parel Stn.)
what problem in slow down track (sent from Kalva Stn.)
what due to fatak clearing trains are stop?  (sent from Kalva Stn.)
any update how much it take to clear (sent from Thane)
thane to cst fast 9:01? where it is (sent from Thane Stn.)
any problem in kalva..??train stand on platform (sent from Kalva Stn.)
Kitna time lagega ?
what is problem you tell now (sent from Kalva)
What happened at Kalyan?
asangaon fast, Bhandup 9:40pm halt! where is it exactly? (sent from Bhandup)
how much time (sent from Kalva)
what is the problem in slow track frm Thane to titwala (sent from Thane)
lekin agar mai luggage ticket nikaalu, to karr sakta hoon kya?
what problem in central line (sent from Thane)
what is the problem in slow track frm Thane to titwala (sent from Thane)
what is issue in slow train (sent from Thane)
8 pm Dombivli local from CST is held up before Thane stn for last 15 mts... why Any idea (sent from Mulund)
प्राबलेम काय आहे का? (sent from Thane)
trains towards cst itni late q hey? (sent from Kalva)
vinay chi piyush goyal chat nahi padta hoga  (sent from Thane Stn.)
What is the status of train from thane @ 8.41 ? (sent from Bhandup Stn.)
trains towards cst itni late q hey mumbra aur kalva k bhich ruki thi itney time sey? (sent from Kalva Stn.)
is there any reason? (sent from Kalva Stn.)
is there any reason? (sent from Kalva Stn.)
what happen exactly
@Dipesh mehta.....train chalu hi gyi hai na kalwa to mumbra???ya abhi bhi ruki hui hai?? (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)
@Dipesh mehta.....train chalu hi gyi hai na kalwa to mumbra???ya abhi bhi ruki hui hai?? (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)
why don't railway do announcement in locals when there is issue. At least commuters will come to know a problem.. (sent from Kalva Stn.)
why (sent from Thane)
where is 9.20 cst slow (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
is there any prob @Dom for slow train !!!
any news why trains are late on central line towards Kalyan..slow track (sent from Thane)
where is 8:44 csmt fast train? (sent from Dombivli)
what's Modi got to do with the train time tables (sent from Vikhroli)
what happned yar (sent from Mulund Stn.)
fast 

Ĺfa
Fast
fast N kaha hai? (sent from Nahur Stn.)
bt problem is in kalva ? (sent from Thane)
why trains are late in central line  (sent from Dombivli)
Achee dinnnnnn....? (sent from Mulund)
is there any problem... for slow trains (sent from Mulund Stn.)
what's happening in kalva (sent from Thane Stn.)
what abt thana -badlapur @9:32 (sent from Thane)
 No announcements in train as to why train has halted between Nahur Mulund since so long. (sent from Mulund Stn.)
fast N reached Mulund ? (sent from Nahur)
where is khopoli train (sent from Thane)
what is the status after kalwa (sent from Kalva Stn.)
And what is this Kalwa Phatak issue ? Its been happening recently quite frequently. Earlier never heard of such problem. Atleast proper announcements by rail authorities is the least we can expect. (sent from Mulund Stn.)
what is the status after Mulund stn (sent from Mulund Stn.)
why there is no bridge
why the trains are late....half an hour no train at ghatkopr (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
is there any problem at slow track , almost 30 mins from nahur to thane (sent from Thane)
What is problem between Kanjur and thane (sent from Mulund Stn.)
what about fast track (sent from Thane Stn.)
cr railway let but what issues (sent from Thane Stn.)
train ka koi problem ahe ka? (sent from Thane Stn.)
whats the issue today? (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
is there is issue after thane (sent from Kalva)
kalwa crossing is open for 30 min that's y trains late (sent from Thane Stn.)
Kya trains Kalva crossing ke bad thik se chal rahi hai ?? (sent from Thane)
I don't know what's the matter (sent from Thane Stn.)
What is the issue (sent from Elphinstone Road Stn.)
I don't know what's the matter (sent from Thane Stn.)
I want to know whether fast train from CST to Kalyan stopped at byculla or not?
what is problem of slow train kalwa and mumbra  (sent from Kalva)
where is train ?? Thane --Badlapur slow at 9.32 pm from thane (sent from Thane Stn.)
CST se fast train Kalyan tak ki byculla rukti hai kya?
is there any issue pleas update who knows anything ples update (sent from Mulund)
what is the issue near to Thane  (sent from Thane)
the status of train badlapur from Kalyan 9:23??? (sent from Badlapur Stn.)
where is train ?? Thane --Badlapur slow at 9.32 pm from thane (sent from Thane Stn.)
what is the issue near to Thane  (sent from Thane Stn.)
Check out @dedhiadilip’s Tweet: https://twitter.com/dedhiadilip/status/1024688099773693955?s=08 (sent from Thane Stn.)
just announced at Mumbra stn that railway crossing gates were open for 30mins at Kalva due to which trains are running late (sent from Mumbra Stn.)
is there any problem on Central line near kalyan (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
which train is it 9:13 or 8:51 from dombivali (sent from Badlapur Stn.)
any update from central line plzz?? (sent from Bhandup Stn.)
why train is running late (sent from Thakurli Stn.)
what about 9:13 train badlapur at dombivali (sent from Badlapur Stn.)
What is the train problem from mulund to kalwa takes 45 minutes  (sent from Kalva Stn.)
why slow trains running super late ?
are Kay doki phodayachi ka aamhi? sakali 30 min late hoti train towards CST. aata towards badalapur 40 min late aahet trains!! (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)
9-13 train from badlapur has reached where  (sent from Badlapur)
what is the issue... why trains are late  (sent from Kalva Stn.)
WHERE IS KALYAN THANE LOCAL ? (sent from Badlapur)
where has khopoli train reached (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
train started regular?? (sent from Dombivli)
where is ambernath train reach,my daughter israveling in that train 
Are trains stopping at Mumbra station? (sent from Masjid Stn.)
what Happened at kalva? (sent from Kopar Stn.)
Wat is the issue at Kalwa Station? (sent from Masjid Stn.)
Where is Khopoli traim (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
kalwa phatak is broken, due to which trains are facing signal issue and are running 30 mins late from Thane to Mumbra
how to go thane to dombivali (sent from Thane Stn.)
what happen in Central lane.... (sent from Kopar)
is it affecting only slow tracks? (sent from Airoli)
are the trains towards cst running fine? (sent from Airoli)
any idea when Dadar fast 10.08 will come? (sent from Dadar Stn.)
where is the badlapur train which is at 9:13 in dombivali (sent from Badlapur Stn.)
where is 9.37 Asangaon train from kanjurmarg reached? (sent from Nahur Stn.)
any issue nr kalyan stn? 
any issue ??? (sent from Thakurli)
where is the 9.33 Thane badlapur (sent from Mulund Stn.)
what happened in central railway (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
n what about the train which is at 9:58 at ambernath.... Khopoli train (sent from Badlapur Stn.)
why der is train from cst towards kalyan from last 30 mint, im at vikhroli atn (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)
Badlapur slow train which was supposed to reach Thane at 8.50. came around 9.25. half hour late. and took more than 40 minutes to reach Dombivli. reached Dombivli around 10. Too much crowd. It halted between Kalwa and Mumbra for more than 10 minutes.  (sent from Thakurli Stn.)
thane to Badlapur trains are running or not?  (sent from Airoli Stn.)
what abt 10: 6 kalyan fast train  (sent from Dadar Stn.)
are fast trains running on time from Byculla? (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)
what is status of 10.39 Khopoli from thane?  (sent from Thane Stn.)
then where are they going because at Parel no trains have come since half an hour...  (sent from Elphinstone Road Stn.)
Today what's the reason for the delay? Almost half an hr late  (sent from Kalva Stn.)
Where is 10.53pm badlapur reached now
daddar to thane any problem ??? (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
where's the Badlapur fast train?
what is the issue.at 11pm I am getting in 8.39thane local
central railway people don't know how to manage local train (sent from Ambernath Stn.)
where is khopoli train (sent from Badlapur Stn.)
where is KHOPOLI train 
any special train to kokan booking started tomorrow onward? (sent from Virar)
where is karjat fast train from ghatkopar at 11:42 hrs (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
what's the issue on CR why the trains are delayed in Kalyan region ?? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
10.49 ki thane train ambernath running late ?
min late ??
no one is replied . why this option in this m indicator 
kya problem hai batao to sahi...? (sent from Titwala)
what is status of train towards kalyan ?
any one ? (sent from Vashi)
where is titvala trn (sent from Kalva Stn.)
Cst last local chali gayi kya kurla se ? (sent from Chembur Stn.)
???? (sent from Vidyavihar)
any one ? (sent from Tilak Nagar Stn.)
where is the last train for karjat (sent from Vithalwadi Stn.)
sorry where is the last train for karjat  (sent from Vithalwadi Stn.)
5 am morning ..u r asking ?
is there any delays of train  (sent from Badlapur Stn.)
is there any train from kurla to thane now (sent from Tilak Nagar Stn.)
is any delay from kalyan to cst next train  (sent from Manasarovar)
is there any updates to Trains For Pune  (sent from Bhayander)
cental line trains are on time?  (sent from Naigaon Stn.)
Karjat to cst fast is on time? (sent from Ambernath Stn.)
are trains on time?? (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)
where is fast (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
are trains on time?
where is fast (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
woh chalu hai kya chai wala ? 
fast train kuthe pochali? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
why Karjat middle lady first class made gents compartment up-to 7 (sent from Thane Stn.)
bhiwandi road ki train chalu hai kya..? (sent from Bhiwandi Road)
vasai to panvel trains chalu hai kya..?? (sent from Bhiwandi Road)
what's about 6:24 karjat fast (sent from Dadar Stn.)
where is indrayni exp (sent from Badlapur)
6.37 cstm from ulhasnagar is on time or not? (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)
is all train in time 
Are trains running on time?  (sent from Ambernath)
Towards Cst ? (sent from Ambernath)
Guys , any delays on train timings from DOMBIVLI to CST? (sent from Dombivli)
Karjat fast train left Kalyan or not!!??? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
CST fast train from Karjat has left Kalyan or not?? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
fast train Thik se Chal rhe h ya late h?????  (sent from Vithalwadi)
बदलापुर ते ठाणे रेल्वे चालू आहे का ? (sent from Badlapur)
any status on thane starting trains towards CST ?
are trains running on time from ulhasnagar to karjat??? (sent from Shahad Stn.)
8:6 chi khopoli mulund halt kidar hai ab ?  (sent from Bhandup Stn.)
is trains on time? (sent from Vithalwadi)
fast train 8:06 from shahad? (sent from Shahad Stn.)
is 8:21 local on time? (sent from Shahad Stn.)
train is working between thane and cst???? (sent from Kandivali)
KYN to csmt local trains working or not
local trains stopped any where due to rain,
sir BSL express today 9:00 am train are on time or not
where is khopoli local (sent from Badlapur Stn.)
any updates for khopoli train??  (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
is there any problem?
where is badlapur Thane train  (sent from Mumbra Stn.)
what's is the status of c.r local train (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)
trains are going?
hi ajai trains available?
khopoli trains update????has it gone from Badlapur (sent from Badlapur Stn.)
where is Badlapur Dadar  (sent from Vithalwadi Stn.)
status of dombivali and badlapur train route? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
9:15 thane to Kasara is in time or running late?
where is khopoli train  (sent from Badlapur Stn.)
where is badlapur dadar local noe
status of asangaon to Thane train? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
pune kade janarya trains chalu ahet ka??
trains chalu h ya band h aaj ? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
Are Trains on time from Kalyan to Thane? (sent from Kalyan)
trains are on time from parel to kalyan? (sent from Sewri)
where is 9.29 train.. Klayan to CST slow? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
where is now 9:36 train (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)
Does anybody knows status between kasara to kalyan?
train on time from. kalyan?  (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
just want to know train which leaves Badlapur 8:11am in the morning reached CSMT at 9:32 in which platform (sent from Goregaon Stn.)
is central line working properly? (sent from Bhandup)
is all trains are on time (sent from Dombivli)
9.50 fast local left from KLY?  (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
madanpura? (sent from Malad)
hi what about status between uhalasanagat and kurla (sent from Koparkhairne)
is there any to app to buys local train tickets (sent from Andheri Stn.)
train kab nikli? (sent from Sion Stn.)
any issue on fast track ? (sent from Mumbra Stn.)
whats the status ? (sent from Kurla)
??? (sent from Badlapur Stn.)
10.26 Kalyan se csmt fast (ambernath to csmt) time se chal rahi hai kya??? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
10:32 fast train from dombivali?  (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
where is 10.29 train to go cst (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)
reached kalyan or not? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
any update 10.26 Kalyan se cst fast??? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
where is AMBARNATH-CSMT now?  (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
10.37 Kalyan-csmt fast status?? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
any fast train arrived  kalyan to cst?  (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
Vasai Diva passenger is not ye come to Bhiwandi Road actual time is 10:20 but not yet reached please reply me when its reached in Bhiwandi road? (sent from Bhiwandi Road Stn.)
where is 0:38 karjat local from kalyan? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
10.42 train from badlapur is on time ?? (sent from Badlapur)
11.17 karjat , from thane is it in time ?
10 42 from. badalapur is in time? (sent from Ambernath)
diva vasai train chalu hai kya? (sent from Badlapur)
ambernath se train time pe hai ky?? 
csmt to titwala trains running?  (sent from Ghatkopar)
1120 train @ dombivli status? (sent from Dombivli)
Dom to Thane are trains running on time? (sent from Thakurli)
what about 11.25 ambarnath to cst local is it on time (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
trains to Karjat are running...??? (sent from Kalyan)
11.41 train status??
status of 11:44 fast train from dombivali for Cst ? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
form Badlapur to CST 12:00pm on time???  (sent from Badlapur Stn.)
what's the status of csmt to dombivli? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
cst fast train from kalyan statys? (sent from Thane Stn.)
what's the states of khopoli cst fast train status  (sent from Ambernath Stn.)
vasai diva chalu h kya?? (sent from Badlapur)
Tomorrow tain no 11026 Kalyan halt hai kya? (sent from Vithalwadi)
trains are right time or not? (sent from Bandra Stn.)
is the deccan express is running today for mumbai
where is 12.11 cstm fast (sent from Thakurli Stn.)
where is 12:18 fast  (sent from Shahad Stn.)
sion to dadar local chalu he ?
is the Kasara local on time? (sent from Lower Parel)
नाशिक से मुंबई से नाशिक ट्रेनो की स्थिती सामान्य है क्या?
is kalyan to thane train on time? (sent from Airoli Stn.)
12:51 for cst left from Ambernath??  (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)
are you serious?
thane to cst is ok? 
Tittwala to Cst?
nalasopara ke bahar woh idli wala khada h kya?
any issues on central line?  (sent from Badlapur Stn.)
train running in time between Shahad to CST??
slow fast..??? (sent from Dombivli)
what is the status of the fast train from Karjat (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
dadar ka wada pav wala open hai kya aaj?  (sent from Chunabhatti)
vithalwadi se local proper jaa raha hai, fast?  (sent from Shahad)
location of cst to khopoli fast train??? can any one tell me
vithalwadi se cst on time?  (sent from Shahad)
can I get WhatsApp helpline no? (sent from Thakurli Stn.)
Are trains running from ambernath  to cst on time?
train time pe hai kya sabh??? (sent from Kalyan)
what about LTT? Is it waterlogged? (sent from Badlapur)
hiii guys what u can say toady train satus.....please.    (sent from Kurla)
trains are running on time ? (sent from Vidyavihar)
kya hua ?
Badlapur to CST train? (sent from Badlapur)
has the Karjat CsT train reached Bhivpuri road yet?  (sent from Badlapur Stn.)
how should we know (sent from Mulund)
ghatkopar to mumbra?  (sent from Mira Road)
which train  (sent from Mira Road)
hello what saying..... (sent from Kurla)
Are there delays of trains from Thane to CSMT?  (sent from Thane)
trains are delayed or what from vangani (sent from Vangani)
train status beyond Thane ? (sent from Cst Stn.)
Hi is trains from Virar to Andheri is late? pls clarify
trains in time? 
Are trains on time today from badlapur to cst? 
what about 15 cars fast local for kalyan where it is? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
where is 12.19 Kasara csmt ? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
where is 1.38 Dombivali csmt train... coming from Kasara  (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
where is the badalapur cstm 1:22 train  (sent from Mumbra Stn.)
where is 1.51 Dombivali csmt fast train (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
are trains to pune running on time? 
what is the status of up trains from ambernath (sent from Ambernath)
what is the position of train 11009 from kalyan
what about Dombivli to Ambernath local (sent from Kalyan)
11009 train is on time or delayed?
what about Khopoli trains from csmt (sent from Jogeshwari)
3:07 karjat fast left from dadar ??  (sent from Matunga Road Stn.)
karjat se nikli hai kya? (sent from Neral Stn.)
what's the best way to travel from Vikhroli to CST (sent from Vikhroli)
what about ambernath stn to dadar
how train is running  (sent from Ghansoli)
Kasara 1815 local for csmt is it on time??
where is karjat fast (sent from Byculla Stn.)
where is the kasara lokal at 3:24pm from kalyan station  (sent from Khadavli Stn.)
where is the ambernath local
aaj mausam kaisa hai dadar me ?
from badlapur what status (sent from Badlapur)
what status from mulund to kalyan (sent from Nahur)
Any update on diva to vasai line ? (sent from Koparkhairne)
is cstm train from Kasara is running ?
dadar to cst train chalu ahe ka? (sent from Churchgate)
where is 15 car train (sent from Mahim Jn)
what's about Khoperkhairne to thane any updates  (sent from Koparkhairne Stn.)
what a status of 5:04 badlapur to csmt train (sent from Badlapur Stn.)
       is the karjat trains are arriving on time???? 
is there train are running between diva to vasai?
Hi, Thane to Dadar train on time ? Pls update (sent from Rabale Stn.)
5:33 Badlapur? (sent from Byculla Stn.)
? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
? (sent from Shelu)
where is 5.14 kasara train from kasara now
what is the 5:31 badlapur cst local status?
ambernath fast train where arrived? (sent from Tilak Nagar)
where is Karjat train (sent from Vithalwadi Stn.)
where is thane fast train (sent from Khar Road Stn.)
where is asangaon (sent from Thane Stn.)
where is thane fast train???  (sent from Dadar Stn.)
jab barish hoti hai tab train time pe hoti hai aaj baarish nahi hai toh aaj trains 30 mins late hai.......kya karti hai central railway??   (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)
from thane to CST trains are on time?? (sent from Vikhroli)
where is ASANGAON TRAIN. 6:17 @ mulund (sent from Mulund Stn.)
where is ambernath train 6.31 @ ghatkopar (sent from Ghatkopar)
where is chalisgaon train kamayni express
where has ladies spcl rchd? (sent from Andheri Stn.)
karjat to kalyan ??
any train issue? (sent from Turbhe)
where is a titwala trn (sent from Titwala)
6.36 fast from kalyan bhandup stop any status?? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
is the panvel diva train cancelled today as well 
where is 6:45 asangaon train from kalyan  (sent from Kalyan)
what is the status now (sent from Kalyan)
where is 6.19 dadar - kalyan
khopoli train status?  (sent from Dombivli)
pragati Express?
thane dadar status??? (sent from Airoli Stn.)
is thane dadar running properly ??? (sent from Airoli Stn.)
status from diva to cst ?????
5:59 cst to Badlapur kaha par hai..? (sent from Ambernath Stn.)
Kalyan 15 coach train from CST is on time? (sent from Bandra Stn.)
status of slow (diva to cst) ??
roahan where is the badlapur train right now?  (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
ambernath so cst train time par he? 
Kaha pahochi hai train?  (sent from Kopar Stn.)
whats the status on badlapur station? (sent from Dombivli)
दादर कल्याण ??? (sent from Thane Stn.)
where is dadar-kalyan semifast? (sent from Thane Stn.)
where is slow Badlapur  (sent from Ghatkopar)
is train stuck before ghatkopar station?
what about Kurla Kalyan? (sent from Vidyavihar Stn.)
Karjat train kuthe ahe ata? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
what is the issue guys any idea
where is badlapur fast (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
8.11 kurla Kalyan?? (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)
central ki trains kitni late chal rhi h? (sent from Titwala)
wer is karjat train?? (sent from Rabale Stn.)
arrived?  (sent from Thane)
Central railway local are running  15 to 20 min late....and western Railway 30 mins 10 locals are for service in crashed... The water has been in engine when it was flooded  (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
8:28 Dadar-ambernath from. Kalyan where it reached  (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
Is there any train available from Kurla to CSMT .waiting from last half an hour . any updates  (sent from Kurla Stn.)
what is the status of 8.3 thane karjat (sent from Vithalwadi Stn.)
what status of 8.34pm cst (sent from Dadar Stn.)
where is 8:54 khopoli from Badlapur any idea ?
where is 09.06 asangaon from dombivali (sent from Shahad Stn.)
where is 8.33 titwala now? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
What does mean mumbai central i mean which station (sent from Nahur)
9.48 cst fast train status??  (sent from Badlapur Stn.)
?? (sent from Badlapur Stn.)
why can't Goods mail/ Express train schedule after local trains..we are getting late due for 30 to 35 minutes late always..CR pls. take care of locals.. (sent from Mulund Stn.)
Railway must take strict action against people who stand on door and close halfway and don't allow people to use the door (sent from Mulund)
kanjur se thane ki train kitni late chal rahi hai? (sent from Kanjur Marg)
where is 9:54 CST to Kalyan  15 Dabba tarin  (sent from Cst Stn.)
where is khopoli fast (sent from Kurla Stn.)
15 coach fast train for Kalyan where is it (sent from Thane Stn.)
where is the train now  (sent from Dadar Stn.)
where is Asangaon 10.25 at Kalyan (sent from Shahad Stn.)
where is Thane train (sent from Airoli Stn.)
khopoli left from kurla?  (sent from Thane Stn.)
why central railway trains are delay 
where is 10.39 khopoli fast (sent from Thane Stn.)
where is karjat train kalyan timing 10.29
where are u bro (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
where is khopoli train ?  (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
where is the khopoli train 11.01 at shelu station (sent from Shelu Stn.)
where is 10:39 khopoli 🚆 (sent from Thane Stn.)
Thane Badlapur 11.09 Pm any update?  (sent from Thane Stn.)
where is the khopoli fast train? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
Has the Dadar- Badlapur left from dadar
Has the Badlapur 11.32 train is left from Kalyan station ?? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
kasara train kuthe aahe? (sent from Titwala Stn.)
last train from kalva left? (sent from Kalva Stn.)
where is karjat cst train?? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
Any train coming towards bhandup? How far?  (sent from Nahur Stn.)
any train going towards thane from cst?  (sent from Nahur Stn.)
halftone
jalgaon to pune how many train available 
CST fast ka status kya h?? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
where are karjart train (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
where are karjat train 
is there megablock on cr (sent from Kalva Stn.)
to there is mega blocks from Dadar to Thane till what time megablock will be held  (sent from Matunga Road)
I forget my bag in cst train, get down in radar, what can I do (sent from Chinchpokli Stn.)
is there mega block between mumbra to thane? (sent from Mumbra)
Is there a block between Kurla to Vashi? 
what time is mega block in center line.  (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
What is today timing of megablock in central line (sent from Vithalwadi)
what time megablock for central line (sent from Mulund)
Karjat to cst fast train kaha phochi?  any update 
wher is the 08:28 thane fast reached?  (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
is there megablock today from kalwa to mulund (sent from Kalva Stn.)
is there megablock on Thane to kalyan? (sent from Airoli)
does every train which goes to Karjat stops at Neral ??
khopoli status...? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
ambernath train chalu hai? (sent from Mahim Jn Stn.)
is any bega block today
mega block ?? (sent from Kalva Stn.)
kasara stetus ? to kalyan (sent from Mulund Stn.)
where (sent from Vasind)
ulhasnagar to Kalyan mega block hai kya?  (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)
??????  (sent from Kalva)
is there any mega blocks in central line (sent from Lower Parel)
?  (sent from Mumbai Central)
9.07 CSMT LEFT FROM AMBERNATH? (sent from Ambernath)
central side any megablock? (sent from Kanjur Marg)
Hi, what is the child age eligible for half ticket for our locals (sent from Mumbra Stn.)
mega block ? (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)
9.11 train from ulhasnagar is on time aur not ????? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
KHADAVALI To Kalyan mega block ahe ka? 
R trains haulting @ Thakurli? (sent from Thakurli Stn.)
??????? (sent from Thakurli Stn.)
what is position today (sent from Bhiwandi Road)
where is kasara local (sent from Thane Stn.)
todays is mega block or not?
any 1 can tell me about ulhasnagar to kalyan mega block?  (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)
aaj mega block aha ka central line var??? (sent from Bhandup)
from where to where mega block is today?
kalyan se mumbra tak train chalu hai? (sent from Mumbra)
???? (sent from Mumbra)
kalyan to dadar chalu hai kya?? (sent from Vithalwadi)
kurla to bhandup? chalu hai? (sent from Belapur Cbd Stn.)
any up trains running from Kalyan?
is there megablock on harbour line? (sent from Andheri Stn.)
why this 10:00 am thane train is not wrking, it is stopped just b4 thane (sent from Thane Stn.)
Is there any mega block between kalyan and Thane 
asangaon to kalyan megablok ahe ka?
kalyan se sion tak slow trains chalu rahegi kya 12 baje? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
where is block? (sent from Bhandup Stn.)
I want to go dadar to Kalyan which  train I prefer fast or slow,...??? (sent from Andheri Stn.)
khopoli to csmt megablock ahe ka?? (sent from Khopoli Stn.)
to dadar trains are working ?? (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)
kiti teh kiti ahe khopoli warun?? (sent from Khopoli Stn.)
The madness of this app is all questions and NO answers... I guess railway officials should actively participate here and give us answers and updates.. How difficult is that???  (sent from Kalva)
why would they ?  (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
what's the train status (sent from Karjat)
any trains from karjat? (sent from Karjat)
kalyan to CST any fast train ? 
Megablock hai kya aaj? (sent from Kalva)
thane to badlapur ? (sent from Koparkhairne Stn.)
dombivali se mumbai ke liye train chalu hai kya?
is trains are running from Thane to Ghatkopar?
how many trains are cancle from Titwala to CSMT
what is the position of kasara train.. (sent from Vithalwadi Stn.)
thana to panvel chalu hai kya? (sent from Vidyavihar Stn.)
Is trian are running form karjat to CSMT?  (sent from Thakurli)
karjat janewali trains chalu hai na? is it after 2 clock? (sent from Thane)
what is status of kurla to ghatkoper (sent from Vashi Stn.)
what is status of badlapur to karjat trains  (sent from Badlapur)
titwala to Mumbai train. chal rahi hai kya? (sent from Titwala Stn.)
thane se dombiwali kya status hai...?? 
Hi, Will there be trains running to Ambernath today?
trains from Sion to thane running ?? (sent from Gtb Nagar Stn.)
why trains re coming so late (sent from Dadar Stn.)
thane to badlapur train chalu he?
Dombivli to dadar trains??   (sent from Dombivli)
mega block hey kya Aj??  (sent from Dombivli)
are trains working???
thane to डोंबिवली running or not..?  (sent from Diva Jn)
kurla to Thane???? (sent from Tilak Nagar Stn.)
Kurla to kalyan???
ghatkoper ke liye train hai kya?  (sent from Sion Stn.)
Diva se dombivli train hai kya....?  (sent from Diva Jn)
train chalu hai kya ??? (sent from Govandi)
thana se cst train chalu he Kya?
is the fast train towards CST on time? (sent from Mulund)
I don't know who made this rule- Megablock bhi rahega & trains ki frequency bhi kaam rahegi.  (sent from Dadar Stn.)
mumbra ke liye train hai kya ??? (sent from Govandi)
Vidyavihar train rukh raha hai kya?  (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
Ambernath to karjat trains working? 
what about thane to titwala (sent from Sanpada)
12.05 kalyan ddr  status?? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
Ghatkopr to Kalyan chalu h Kya?? (sent from Andheri Stn.)
thane to Dombivli ke bich mein trains available hai kya ?
CST line chalu hai Kya?  (sent from Koparkhairne Stn.)
Koparkhairane se thane tak train chalu hai kya ?
And bro thane to kopar Khairane b chalu h kya?  (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)
matunga to kurla chalu hai kya??? (sent from Kings Circle Stn.)
kalyan ke liye train hai ghatkoper se? (sent from Govandi)
Thane se badlapur tarin shuru hai Kay..? (sent from Rabale)
kurla varun vikroli jayala slow train chalu aahe Kay? (sent from Turbhe Stn.)
where is megablock in central line
nerul to thane trains shuru h kya?  (sent from Nerul)
where is kasara train now? 
 is slow line working between thane - kanjurmarg??? (sent from Ambivli)
Badlapur to thane status?
Csmt train chalu ha ky.?
bandra se churchgate chalu h Kya? (sent from Khar Road Stn.)
Mira road se dadar chalu hai kya? (sent from Sandhurst Road Stn.)
Central line chat room hai yaha Western ka status kum milenge (sent from Vithalwadi Stn.)
is it slow train working or not..?? from kalva towards klyan
aaj central railway ka mega blocks kanhase kanha hai ? (sent from Mira Road Stn.)
pubg ? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
dadar see Kalyan train chalu Hain Kya ??? (sent from Borivali Stn.)
cst train is available now? from titwala (sent from Titwala)
kanjur to thane? (sent from Kanjur Marg)
for CSTM, trains are available? between 1.00pm (sent from Vithalwadi)
Mumbra to thane chalu hai kya..??
what is the status of central train (sent from Kanjur Marg)
what about mega block
?
thane cst chalu h kya? 
khopoli? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
Vangani to thane megha block aahe ka.koni sangel ka?. (sent from Vangani Stn.)
what about Sunday megablock (sent from Vidyavihar)
is there any number to call tc in train first class is mess today instead its a sunday (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)
1:31 badlapur is on time?  (sent from Ambernath Stn.)
Where is now kasara train  (sent from Titwala Stn.)
Kasara train..??? (sent from Titwala Stn.)
towards thane local train status ? (sent from Neral Stn.)
where is now BADLAPUR train (sent from Vithalwadi)
thane to Ghatkopar Status?
vidya vihar???
fast train status dombivli? to cst (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
Dadar-Chinchpokli slow ?
I am at Dadar (sent from Dadar Stn.)
any local from kasara to cstm?
any local from dadar to vidyavihar ? (sent from Parel Stn.)
from ulhasnagar to thane ?  (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
kalyan to thana ?
where is khopoli train
where is khopoli train (sent from Vithalwadi Stn.)
Where is mega block today on Central Railway  (sent from Tilak Nagar)
is there mega block?? (sent from Koparkhairne Stn.)
 is there mega block from Kalyan to thane
any local from kasara??
trains from vidhya vihar to csmt?  (sent from Vidyavihar Stn.)
karjat fast to csmt at 2:14? 
have the trains been cancelled from kasara to Kalyan???...plzzz inform
is there train running from Kurla to thane (sent from Tilak Nagar)
are fast trains working on time?
mulund to cstm is running now?????  (sent from Mulund)
Mega block when start vittgalwadi to ghatkopar (sent from Vithalwadi)
is there any train from Thane  To Dader. (sent from Ghansoli Stn.)
is there any train from Thane  To Dader. (sent from Ghansoli Stn.)
 thane to sion shuru hai Kya??
Are fast trains running from Dadar?  (sent from Dadar Stn.)
Kya ho raha hai yaha? (sent from Vasind)
? (sent from Gtb Nagar)
Ghatkopar to Sion trains are running? (sent from Malad Stn.)
is dadar to mumbai central available? (sent from Tilak Nagar Stn.)
what's the status for fast trains? There's no fast trains coming to Kurla (sent from Kurla Stn.)
anyone in CST train? (sent from Mulund Stn.)
anyone in Mulund station? (sent from Mulund Stn.)
May i know panvel to kurla trains are running??
Trains are running between mumbra to cst or not??? 
is there local running from Badlapur to thane? (sent from Badlapur Stn.)
The people asking questions.. Kindly update train statuses when you guys reach station (sent from Mumbra)
what is status of unr to ghatkopar (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
What is status of Badlapur to CSMT t local train, it's running???? (sent from Tilak Nagar)
are fast trains running from thane to cst??
parel me slow local ruk rahi ha ? (sent from Sion Stn.)
kanjur se sion chalu hai ? (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)
is there huge rush?
from thane to cst??
train from Matunga to Kalyan? (sent from Matunga Road Stn.)
Mumbra CST slow line chalu hai kya?
Kasara CST fast chalu hai? 
Kasara CST fast chalu hai? 
panvel to kurla any news?? (sent from Panvel Stn.)
mumbra to cst slow line chalu hai kya?
cst to thane train chalu hai?
what is a time of fast train from thane to Ambernat after 4:20 today 
can any1 tell me that kurla to mumbra train is running or not??  is there megablock?? (sent from Chunabhatti Stn.)
vidyavihar to cst train chalu h Kya? (sent from Chembur Stn.)
what about Badlapur to karjat (sent from Badlapur)
what about karjat train?
are trains running between ghatkoper and cst? (sent from Chembur Stn.)
where is the khopoli train? 
slow train chalu h k nahi ? (sent from Bhandup)
any status about mega block ? (sent from Byculla)
status on crowd?  (sent from Byculla)
train for CST from karjat?? (sent from Neral Stn.)
is slow up local running?
kanjurmarg to kalyan train chalu aahe ka??  (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)
train is running or not from vashi to panvel...?  (sent from Turbhe Stn.)
khopoli to cstm train chalu hai kya ....? (sent from Vithalwadi Stn.)
is train running from Kurla to Panvel ? (sent from Koparkhairne Stn.)
any train coming in panvel to Thane?? (sent from Panvel Stn.)
what is status of 4:33 karjat to cst
update of 4:35 pm Megablock ended all 3 lines... Western line all local are running time.. some local are running 5 min late.. Central railway  are running 15 to 20 mins late... and all local are working as Sunday scheulded..no issue any where...Harbour line are also running 10 min late... (sent from Vangani)
Is der a mega block tdy? (sent from Thane)
5.01 train Titwala??  (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
please confirm me at kalyan to csmt fast trai start or not
 can anyone update Karjat train status which is leaving from Kalyan (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
abhi fast train mein gardi hoga kya? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
is there rush from Dadar?
Dadar to Mulund trains on time?
Kalwa to kanjurmarg status??? 
what is central railway helpline no (sent from Elphinstone Road Stn.)
dadar to vidya vihar??? (sent from Matunga Road Stn.)
wher is the 6:46pm karjat-CST fast local??  (sent from Thane Stn.)
where is the 6:45 pm Cst fast Local ?????? (Sent from Mulnd Stn.) (sent from Mulund Stn.)
how are you guyzzzz
where is badlapur cst 8.03 at dombivli bit not yet announced (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
what abt Titwala fast 8:13
Dadar to Ghatkopar any trains now? been waiting for 25 mins now.
kya mujhe Mumbai se guwahati super fast train mil sakta hai? 
8 47 thane cst status?  (sent from Mulund Stn.)
Where is cst mast???? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
where is the khopoli train? (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
karjat train comes at which platform on ddr..? urgent please help (sent from Andheri)
how much time 18029 @ kalyan station (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
22045 expected time? (sent from Dombivli)
9:37 badlapur train on time? (sent from Kalva Stn.)
has 9:8 ambernath left on time from thane? (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)
What about cst fast from dombivali (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
which train is there at thane station towards ghatkopar  (sent from Thane Stn.)
is central line on time today?
train stopped between shahad and Kalyan Stn for 30 mins, any update?  (sent from Shahad Stn.)
trains Running Late ??? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
where kasara traun reached? (sent from Mulund Stn.)
Train aayi? (sent from Thane Stn.)
slow train? (sent from Thane Stn.)
any train available now from vithwadi for CST? (sent from Vithalwadi Stn.)
what a problem  (sent from Badlapur Stn.)
locals why runing like hizadkhana (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
what's Indian railway deepali (sent from Kalyan)
where r u going ¿ (sent from Thakurli Stn.)
11:52 is on time????
CSTM-Dubai train kab chalu hogi?
pls update me from kalyan to karjat 12.57 train where is now
the central line late or not late please update the information because I stand in vashi here is already late train that's why someone update the any information pls (sent from Vashi Stn.)
now where karjat train pls update
der any one? (sent from Ghansoli Stn.)
carjat train?
are trains running between dadar to vikhroli?  (sent from Mira Road)
status of train from karat to CST?  (sent from Vithalwadi)
 what is the status of central line local train?
kasara train status ...?
CST train status..???
Trains running properly?  (sent from Mulund)
what is the status of western line?
check western train chat (sent from Kalva)
what about trains to Ambernath ? 
what about today morning local train service
it's raining heavily here in Mulund..  are trains on time??? 
what is the status of central line?  (sent from Nalla Sopara Stn.)
train is running on time?  (sent from Nalla Sopara)
Virar to churchgate trains are running? (sent from Virar)
what is the status of express mail (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)
what is the status of central railway from virar (sent from Virar)
are trains from kalyan to cst on time ? (sent from Mumbra Stn.)
trains or late or on time kalyan -cst}?? (sent from Kalyan)
what is a status of central line....?  (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)
train are running?
trains are running? (sent from Nalla Sopara Stn.)
from Dadar to thane status?? (sent from Virar)
can someone update if trains are working from virR to churchgate? (sent from Nalla Sopara)
Is therr any delay on Dadar- Kurla Trains? (sent from Mira Road Stn.)
trains r running on time? (sent from Shahad)
dumbo check where r u posting
dumbo check where r u posting
Badlapur to CST train chalu hai kya? (sent from Badlapur)
how's rains in central line (sent from Dahisar Stn.)
dadar kurla ke trains mein koi issue hai kya? ki acche se chal rahe hai?? (sent from Dahisar Stn.)
train from karjat to kalyan  how it is run (sent from Karjat)
kalyn cst trains on tym ? (sent from Kalyan)
is the train from Dombivali to Dadar Running ?? (sent from Nilje)
any status about train?? (sent from Nalla Sopara)
trains are running normlly..or delays...??
trains from dadar to dombivali are they running normally?  (sent from Nalla Sopara)
What about sion  (sent from Nalla Sopara)
Are trains running between Thane to Karjat?
train status?? (sent from Virar)
train status from ulhasnagar to kurla? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
train status till cst from kalyan ?
janashatabdi train status ?? (sent from Bhandup)
train status from thane?? 
5:21 kalyan slow from titwala, what is status  (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
train status from kanjurmarg to thane?? 
what status दादर to kurla..  (sent from Nalla Sopara Stn.)
klyan to asangaon train running normaly ? (sent from Karjat)
any train movement..? 
is Dadar to thane train running normal?  (sent from Nalla Sopara)
are central trains working? any problems because of the rains? 
kasara trains on time? 
is the train working from Dadar to vashi ? (sent from bhayander)
what  about trains (sent from Diva Jn)
trains are running?  (sent from Vikhroli)
what is local train status for kalyan to CST now?  (sent from Dombivli)
how is train position today i want to go to Pune  (sent from Kalva)
Trains beyond kalyan working on normal time?
trains towards cst??
any updates ? (sent from Dombivli)
heavy rain is everywhere someone tell about train status?
trains from Dadar towards Karjat? (sent from Mira Road)
down line ??
down side ka train?? (sent from Thane)
Trains r working or not? 
is there trains working (sent from Kalyan)
train status from titwala to cst?  (sent from Titwala Stn.)
thana to kurla train is right time? (sent from Mulund Stn.)
are the trains on time from Thane to dadar?  (sent from Thane)
are trains on time from thane to dadar??
heavy rain in Mumbai since yesterday what is the status of the trains (sent from Nilje)
are train available from Dombivli? (sent from Dombivli)
are trains on time?  (sent from Thakurli Stn.)
trains are running? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
what is the status from badlapur station
are trains running normally? 
trains are there from ambarnath to cst? (sent from Vithalwadi)
what is status of train from thane to cst ?? (sent from Rabale Stn.)
please update dadar to thane train are running on time? (sent from Dahisar)
what's train status today
what's the status of Kalyan trains towards cst? anyone ?
Are trains on time from ulhasnagar..?  (sent from Shahad)
Train status from Mulund to kurla?
Are the trains delayed? how much
are trains on time?  (sent from Thakurli Stn.)
are the trains running late???  (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
is it raining heavily in mumbai?
is there any water logging on railway tracks on central line  (sent from Kalva Stn.)
train chalu ahet ka ajj ?? from kalyan  (sent from Vithalwadi)
is that okay to step out today? 😂 (sent from Thakurli Stn.)
train status for Kasara..?
kalyan to csmt.?
any updates for mumbai-pune express getting affected?  (sent from Virar)
is all train in central line keep on time?  (sent from Vithalwadi)
any issue of water logging? kalyan to Thane?
? (sent from Rabale)
heavy rainfall in kalyan too. any issue of waterlogging? (sent from Kalyan)
since when (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
कल्याण साईङला जाणार्र ट्रेन चालु आहेत का? (sent from Thane)
Anybody at Soon?Please update status of waterlogging on tracks at sion
what are they updating????😅😅😅 (sent from Kopar Stn.)
every where not in Kalyan only (sent from Bhandup)
Kalyan to dadar what's happening?? 
is Thane CST train running on time? sent from Thane 
no water logging?
what is status from titwala to cst 
are there any problems in train timings? (sent from Shahad)
karjat trains ?
thane to dadar train are working?
how about Kalyan to cst (sent from Shahad)
indrayani velevar aahe ka?
Dombivli to CST train running on time?? (sent from Kopar)
thane to cst train working? 
Thane to CST train working ? (sent from Thane)
kalyan to cst? (sent from Kalyan)
dadar to badlapur working? (sent from Bhayander)
thane to dombivali trains are running?
how about train from Kalyan to cst (sent from Shahad)
u from Aon?
water logging any where? (sent from Thane Stn.)
train to Kasara from CSMT?? is it running??
Is it raining in sion ?
trains from ghatkopar to Thane is working? 
what is the status of trains (sent from Kalva)
are train r working on time?
are trains running?
what about train from thane to dadar
Kalyan to CST trans are running? (sent from Nilje)
what about central train status. (sent from Kopar)
water logging any where? (sent from Kalyan)
Trains from Thane to CST are haulted ?
nd what about express trains from pune
trains are running?
what about Kalyan to karjat?? are the trains on time  (sent from Shahad)
mumbai pune???
are trains runninh on time? from amb to cst?  (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
what about from Kalyan station? (sent from Vithalwadi)
what about Dombivali to cst
what is the staus train from dadar to ambernath
is there any water logging??
is there any water logging??
what about ambernath trains (sent from Ambernath)
thane cst trains running on time?
any train issues?? (sent from Dombivli)
any train issue ??? (sent from Dombivli)
what's status of central railway s (sent from Bhiwandi Road)
ghatkopar Andheri is there any water logging? (sent from Badlapur)
trains status plz from Dombivali to CST?? (sent from Thakurli)
what is the status of karjat n Kalyan 
is the trains running from Ambernath (sent from Ambernath)
yes indeed.. so whats the status of Thane - cst? (sent from Thane)
what about ambernath to CST trains (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
harbour line trains ?? (sent from Dombivli)
what is status of kurla? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
are there any fast trains? frm thane to cst? 
what is the condition of running trains  (sent from Titwala Stn.)
 status of down side trains ,??? (sent from Thakurli)
badlapur to cst on time? (sent from Badlapur)
what is the train status at kalyan stn? (sent from Kalyan)
which parts of central line it's raining?
please update train chalu hai kya ????
plz let me know kasara train is running or not???? (sent from Airoli)
are you asking or informing ? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
Thane to Panvel? (sent from Dombivli)
Thane to CST train status? 
thane to kurla ? (sent from Ambernath)
what about the locals towards karjat? (sent from Kopar)
guys please update the status Ulhasnagar to cst chalu h kya??
Trains situation? (sent from Dombivli)
kurla pe water logging hai kya???
is there waterlogging in vithal wadi now (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
what's the about local train status than to ambernath? (sent from Dombivli)
what is the status of dombivli to csmt
central line chalu hai kya?? (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)
Are trains working from dombivli to kurla? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
what's the status of thane CST trains?
kasara la koni travel karat asel tr plz sanga train suru ahe ki nahi?? (sent from Airoli)
plz update thane to CST train are working or not
Kurla pe trains chalu he? (sent from Thane Stn.)
sion me water logging he kya guyz? (sent from Kalyan)
any water logging reported?
shahad main train chalu hai kya? (sent from Shahad)
Are trains moving after Ghatkopar?? (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)
Is there rain ahead of mumbra??  (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
what is status at dombivli  (sent from Dombivli)
are trains available from Kalyan to karjat?  (sent from Shahad)
what is the current status of central line? (sent from Dombivli)
from when its raining ? (sent from Vithalwadi)
sion-kurla water logging zalay Ka???
what's the status of rain in mumbai ? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
I agree with you! The point is, u can however go to offc. But how'll u return home is the real question😅
are trains working from badlapur to dadar?
Dombivali to CST train running?  (sent from Nilje)
हार्बर line chalu hai kya Airoli से ठाणे???  (sent from Airoli Stn.)
kalwa te kurla pauus padtoy kaay ? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
Asangaon to Kalyan Train chalu hai kya?? 
Pubg ayega koi?
Trains r working? (sent from Shahad)
what is help line number (sent from Karjat)
thane cst chalu aahe ka?
from thane to vashi train se running or not....? 
Mumbai mein bearish gir Raha hai?
is train working on time today????  (sent from Ambernath)
What is current status of central line trains guys??
what about trains from Ambarnath station
Is there rain in Mumbai?
 बदलापूरला भयंकर पाऊस पडत आहे गाड्या वेळेवर आहेत का? (sent from Badlapur)
if trains are running from badlapur to CST? (sent from Badlapur)
Ghar see baher nikalna chahiye ki nahi ajjj?
thane to Dadar train are working or not ?
is trains are on time ?  (sent from Kalyan)
what no?  (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
r trains running amoothlt?
is there a water logging at sion station ? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
any problems between Kurla an Vidyavihar?  (sent from Kanjur Marg)
are trains running between badlapur and CST??? (sent from Badlapur)
are trains from kasara available?? 
is there any water logging on tracks from thane to csmt?  (sent from Mumbra Stn.)
Are local trains running from Kalgan to CST? (sent from Shahad)
what about the train status are they late (sent from Thakurli)
kalva to Bhandup is running on timing???? (sent from Kalva)
current status on kasara line? (sent from Mulund)
trains r on time?? (sent from Badlapur)
yes heavy rain almost everywhere bt what abt kurla  (sent from Vithalwadi)
is any water logging in sion n matunga
are trains running from Ambernath to CST ?
train chalu aahet Ka? (sent from Bhandup)
what about thane to kalyan trains?? 
wow. how do you get such precise info ? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
CST Ambernath train status please? (sent from Dombivli)
dombivli to thane train chalu he kya????? (sent from Dativali)
dombivli to thane train chalu he kya????? (sent from Dativali)
from where you got this news (sent from Kopar)
titwala to cstm train chalu hai kya? (sent from Titwala)
ट्रेन किती हळू किंवा उशोरा आहे ते सांगा??
trains are on time? from Kalyan to cst? (sent from Kopar)
what about Kurla? (sent from Shahad)
what is train running status from titwala to CSMT (sent from Titwala)
Is anyone at Thane station yet?  What's the status?  
सेंट्रल रेल्वे ... लोकल सुरू आहेत का? towards CSMT (sent from Thakurli)
is it raining at kurla sion dadar n all ?
कल्याण ते पुणे ट्रेन चालू आहेत का ?
what is the status of local train services (sent from Thakurli Stn.)
मुलुंड ते कल्याण ट्रेन चालू आहेत का?
?? (sent from Kalva)
any update for Kurla? (sent from Shahad)
trains are running or not?  from badlapur to cst
Kalyan se CST  ki train hai kya? (sent from Mulund)
is there raining heavly still and are trains in time  (sent from Virar)
is kalyan to pune trains are running.....?? (sent from Kalva)
Hello, are trains towards CSMT running on time?
thane to vashi chalu he ? (sent from Mulund Stn.)
are kalyan to dadar trains running on time? sion kurla tracks? (sent from Kalyan)
that's is why have given facts and have not given opinion but the question to think (sent from Dombivli)
trains r at time???? (sent from Vithalwadi)
are bhai log Thane to badlapur?? 
badlapur to cst train running???  (sent from Badlapur)
Status from Kalyan to CST? it's raining incessantly overnight 
thane to vashi chalu he train ya late he ? (sent from Mulund Stn.)
what about soon station??  is that area water logged. (sent from Borivali)
Hello I want to go Airoli. is Train working? (sent from Kandivali)
Guys..pl read the msg history...Pl dont ask same questions again which was asked by others...Lets wait for update  (sent from Thakurli)
Dombivali to cst?
 trains are working well? (sent from Thakurli)
r trains running from kalyan towards car?
up and down train will running timely? (sent from Vithalwadi)
what's the current status 
kalyan to cst local s running on time or late..?
Today train update??
how 8:10 can leave now
what (sent from Dombivli)
Are trains working ???? (sent from Dombivli)
Please let me know is Trains are working for Airoli? (sent from Kandivali)
kalyan to Cst  local train Status please? (sent from Vithalwadi)
its 6:20 dude how 8:10 will it run  (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
 sion kurla what situation
any water log reports in central line? (sent from Nahur Stn.)
which channel (sent from Badlapur)
are the trains running from csmt to kalyan ? (sent from Kopar)
train running from dadar to kurla? (sent from Nalla Sopara Stn.)
what about trains from Sion to thane ? (sent from Kings Circle)
does trains are  on time?  (sent from Thane Stn.)
from where (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
from when? (sent from Thakurli)
What about Dadar to kurla? (sent from Nalla Sopara Stn.)
what is train status from Kalyan to CSMT? plz let me know need to go kurla... it's raining crazy. (sent from Shahad)
r trains working fine from Dadar to Thane? (sent from Dahisar Stn.)
what is train status from Titvala to cst
thane trains r proper?
is it raining heavy in thane? (sent from Ghansoli)
are trains working from badlapur?  (sent from Badlapur Stn.)
Are trains working fine?  (sent from Kanjur Marg)
 what about kalwa to ghatkopar  (sent from Kalva)
whaat about Thane to karjat? 
train on dombivli station? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
what is status of Thane-CSMT trains? (sent from Thane)
is there trains running between dader to ambernath (sent from Dahisar Stn.)
Thane to Vashi?? (sent from Thane)
csmt train status?  (sent from Mumbra Stn.)
are trains working from dombivali? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
is train on time ??
 gm central line is working or not plz kindly update anyone??? frm mumbra
central line issue from titwala?
what are the current train status in central line.... especially Dombivli... kindly update.. (sent from Kopar)
trains are working rt now but we cant say what'll happen the next hour
4 mahine barish hogi  4 mahine chutti?? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
what is source of info please share if possible 
what is the status of the trains today (sent from Thakurli)
are the trains to CSMT running in time  ? (sent from Bhandup Stn.)
are trains running from thane? (sent from Mulund)
what train status from dombivali (sent from Thakurli)
Kalyan to CST trains chalu ahet?? (sent from Ambernath)
since last night?? (sent from Badlapur)
hi are trains running todY ?  (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
train are on time? (sent from Karjat)
what abt train status btw Dombivli to badlapur  (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
plzz update the status of 6:26 which is from amb (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
what is the current central train status  (sent from Kalyan)
where are u stuck (sent from Dombivli)
what is the status of central lines locals going towards CST????
what about train status Thane to cst
what's the status central line train  (sent from Badlapur)
what is the current status for 6.26 cst from badlapur  (sent from Badlapur Stn.)
where are u stucked
are trains on time?
Are trains are running from badlapur.?  (sent from Badlapur)
are trains working from thakurli? (sent from Thakurli Stn.)
are trains running from dombivli?  (sent from Dombivli)
is it possible for me to travel from Thane to bhandup. anybody???
Trains are on time? (sent from Kalva)
train working or not
are trains running on time from domb to cst? cuz am a student n hv to reach clg (sent from Kopar)
Hello trains are running on time? (sent from Nalla Sopara)
what is the train status (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
r trains r running?  (sent from Nilje)
are trains from ambarnath towards CSMT on time ? (sent from Ambernath)
what's status of train thane to dadar & dadar to virar
trains are running from Thane to Kalyan? (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)
are trains even running in this rain? (sent from Kopar Stn.)
are trains on time? 
dadar to thane? (sent from Nalla Sopara)
what is train stuts
are train on time? (sent from Shahad)
what about sion st (sent from Bhandup)
okay...bt trains r running na?  (sent from Kopar)
ia train running or not 
what is the status kurla matunga sion (sent from Thakurli)
what is status of water clogging in Mumbra and kalwa
kalyan to dadar train status??  (sent from Kalyan)
what about thane to cst train fast? (sent from Airoli Stn.)
titwala se train chalu hai kya??
anybody know local train update..raining heavily...ia there any delay?
what status KYN to CST  (sent from Vithalwadi)
is Indrayani express(mumbai to pune) is on time??  (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
are trains running from kalyan to dadar ? (sent from Shahad)
so trains r working right? 
u went to dombivli?are the trains running? (sent from Kopar Stn.)
is sion stn water logged?? (sent from Bhandup)
trains running on time?
is the train on time (sent from Mumbra Stn.)
what states CST to kasara (sent from Airoli)
whether Trains are running on time?
lol when is it not (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
me to waiting for update plzzz kindly anyone send the update?
dombivli-cst kya status hai??? (sent from Kopar)
what abouy near kurla (sent from Kopar Stn.)
central line chaalu hai? 
thane to ghat ko par status ??
is the trains on time from dombivali to cst. As there is heavy rain since morning. (sent from Kopar)
how is train status from kalyan to csmt
what's status of vidyavihar and ghatkopar stations is every time normal?? (sent from Kalva)
mumbra to thane trains running? (sent from Mumbra Stn.)
thane to cst? (sent from Thane)
are trains running?
ट्रेन चालू आहे का ? ट्रॅक वर पाणी साचले आहे काय?? (sent from Badlapur Stn.)
does trains are running on Time??
what's the status of train from Kalyan to byculla (sent from Vithalwadi)
The person who's caught the train from Thane, how smoothly are they running? are they taking way too long to reach? (sent from Thane)
are trains available from badlapur??
how is the situation from thane to cst (sent from Thane)
 what's the rain status in thane (sent from Bhandup Stn.)
Kyu sab paisa use karne wale ho?😂😂😂
mumbra to cst chalu hai kya? (sent from Mumbra)
hi what's the status of deccan exp kalyan to Pune pls update (sent from Badlapur)
Kurla, Sion Me koi hai kya nahi ?? Waha se ek bhi msg nahi aa raha hai (sent from Airoli)
is it raining heavily in thane? (sent from Virar)
trains are running slow, that what can be confirmed as of now. if rain continues there might be stoppage to train services.
what ia the status of cst trains??? (sent from Thakurli)
train towards CST running properly? (sent from Kopar)
kurla, Sion and matunga station status...  any one from these stations on platform right now?  reply to us (sent from Ghatkopar)
bata rahe ke pucch rahe ho ? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
what about train status (sent from Thakurli Stn.)
Kurla to Airoli is working?????? (sent from Chunabhatti Stn.)
badlapur to cst kya situation? (sent from Badlapur Stn.)
trains running from airoli to thane? (sent from Airoli)
amb to cst?  (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
is there any announcements being made about water logging? (sent from Kopar)
what about kurla station (sent from Mulund)
what's the situation at kurla and sion? (sent from Ambernath Stn.)
what about dombivli to karjat status?? (sent from Kopar Stn.)
train status from Thane to CST?
are trains running from Ambernath? (sent from Ambernath)
cst se karjat train chalu hai Kya??? (sent from Bhandup)
trains band aahet ki nahi? (sent from Mulund)
are trains running on Central line? (sent from Airoli)
really? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
what is the train status??? (sent from Mulund Stn.)
kalyan to Ghatkopr.....? status
how are the trains service from Dombivli to T hane? (sent from Dombivli)
what is status of trains from dombivli to kurla? (sent from Kopar Stn.)
no problem at all, there is no rain in mumbai, thats why all trains are on time (sent from Masjid Stn.)
is thane to csmt running?
what about bus condition from Mira road to thane
no trains? (sent from Thakurli)
is it on time dear plzzz kindly update???
are the trains on time ? 
people stop asking about are trains on time. please scroll the chats and you will your relevant update. let ppl update the status. these repetitive questions only clog the chat space. pls go thru the chats before asking trains chalu hai kya? 
seriously?
are trains running from Kalyan?
dombivli? (sent from Dombivli)
Thane to Kalyan status? train is running?  (sent from Kalva)
is there any water logging in central line from thane to csmt  (sent from Ghansoli Stn.)
what is the new update (sent from Kopar)
Thane - CST train status ?? (sent from Mulund Stn.)
Kurla Ka kya status hai? (sent from Chunabhatti Stn.)
is there any water logging due to rain (sent from Ambernath)
what's about chembur n Tilak Nagar status (sent from chembur)  (sent from Chembur)
रेल्वे 🚆 चालू आहे का ? (sent from Diva Jn)
hi are trains working fine? (sent from Thakurli)
rains have started only from 05.00 at Dombivali and hence so far trains appears to be working but may stop once water-logging starts after some time. Those who can afford stay at home.. (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
current status?
wats the status of waterlogging on tracks at Kurla Sion? (sent from Kalyan)
Badlapur to Thane Status ? (sent from Badlapur)
ambarnath se thana chalu hey kya ?
really?  (sent from Kalyan)
thane to karjat trains chalu hai kya?  (sent from Airoli Stn.)
down side chalu ahe ka?
Thane to Kalyan status pls?  (sent from Kalva)
all central trains are running fine? (sent from Nahur)
what about sion station is it flooded (sent from Mira Road Stn.)
Kurla condition ? (sent from Chunabhatti Stn.)
Are trains running from Thane to dadar?
mulund pasun train aahe??? (sent from Mulund)
what's the status for train from vadala to Andheri
are central line trains running properly from kalyan? (sent from Kalyan)
are train running from Thane towards ghatkopar ??
From ulhasnagar to csmt are running properly? (sent from Ambernath)
high tide is expected at 8.45am, thereafter we will get to know how  safe is to travel today  (sent from Kopar)
on time? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
what kalyan to ambernath   status  
its not raining in cst side.. only in suburbs. but I think in some time it ll rain there too.. and it is quiet a possibility that trains ll not run smoothly  (sent from Vithalwadi)
 Hi, if any one is traveling towards Mumbai plz update trains are running or not
Badlapur to csmt status? (sent from Badlapur)
what is the status of train (sent from Vikhroli)
what is trains status from Thane to Kalyan
what about Karjat and badlapur train (sent from Badlapur)
what is train status from sion to thane?
any water logging issues at Kurla station if any one already reached Kurla?
kurla sion waterlogging? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
what the situation for Ambernath train? (sent from Kalyan)
what status thane to kurla
what about badlapur to cst (sent from Badlapur)
what the status of train from Kalyan to cst (sent from Dombivli)
what's the update on cst train?
what is the condition of central railway
hi r trains on time? (sent from Kalyan)
is there any waterlogging in Thane? (sent from Mulund)
what is status of train from dombivali to cst pls
Kalyan 6.45 Fast train is on time? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
trains are running time or not??
Sion Kurla Platform var Aahe Ka koni?  Nahitar sagle Dusre lok aahet..   (sent from Ghatkopar)
Dombivali to thane train ahet ka? (sent from Kopar)
Kalyan to catch status??  (sent from Vithalwadi)
central line chalu hey kay?  (sent from Parel)
train is on time from  dadar to ghatkopar????
from where mam (sent from Mulund)
what about cst (sent from Badlapur)
what was the current status of central railway....? (sent from Badlapur)
what about Dombivali locals (sent from Dombivli)
trains chalu aahet ka proper? (sent from Kalyan)
Ambarnath to CST ?? (sent from Ambernath)
what about ambernath to karjat? (sent from Ambernath)
what is status of central line trains .. are they on time
train status from ambernath to cst please? (sent from Ambernath)
what is train status towards CST (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
train r running?  (sent from Thakurli)
M Indicator should add railway staff or motormen in this chat in next update. Agree?
dombivali to thane trains are running or not
ANY UPDATE ABOUT 7:02 KARJAT TRAIN ???
where is 5.53 karjat-cstm (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
Kurla Station LA Pani bharly ka .....? (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)
is it true? (sent from Kalyan)
what about train status now (sent from Dombivli)
ambernath now anyone? (sent from Ambernath)
6.45 kalyan starting from Karjat Fast status? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
from where you are
What is status of local train from Kalyan? (sent from Ambernath)
Dimbivlit ratrabhar bhar bharun paus. but what is current status on train? (sent from Thakurli)
DOMBIVALI la status Kay ? (sent from Nilje Stn.)
doranto Nagpur is running as per schedule or not 
is there train from mumbra station
and any water logging?? 
is there any waterlogging in Thane? (sent from Mulund)
what is the status of trn from thane to kalyan? 
Kasara to cst???  (sent from Vasind)
is this true? (sent from Kalyan)
what is a train status (sent from Kalva Stn.)
Thane to CST status? (sent from Airoli)
thane trains update?
motorman will drive train or will reply to Ur post? (sent from Kalyan)
sure?  (sent from Ambernath Stn.)
what's the status of 7.02 cst kjt train  (sent from Kopar Stn.)
what about harbor line Thane to panvel
Is there any water logging on kurla-sion? (sent from Kandivali)
thane to Airoli cha kay? chalu ahe ki, maaru dandi aaj? 😊 (sent from Airoli)
is there heavy rain in Diva or Mumbra?
impact on train from vikhroli to dadar?? (sent from Vikhroli)
is there any water lagging in kurla or Sion ? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
What's your stop? can you keep updating ? we will get a proper idea about the trains (sent from Thane)
Train Chalu Ahe ka..?? (sent from Ambivli Stn.)
Ambernath to dadar trns working or not?? 
Train status from dombivli?  (sent from Dombivli)
What the status of trains in Central line
from thane to kalyan? 
really?
is there water logging at Kurla station?
what is status of trsin
6.44 kalyan - cst?? (sent from Thakurli Stn.)
center line train are running ?
is train on time from titwala ??? (sent from Titwala)
Are trains working from thane to kalya? 
are trains running from Kalyan to thane? (sent from Thakurli)
what is status at badlapur
hey guys what is the status of trains from Kalyan to csmt (sent from Shahad)
is there any update on central line trains ?? (sent from Ghansoli)
sion station update kya hai?  (sent from Khandeshwar)
are trains working from bhandup to ghatkopar?? (sent from Bhandup)
what is the train status towards khopali is any one know?
what about cst
trains are working properly or not??? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
train chalu aahet ka? (sent from Vithalwadi Stn.)
train running status pls?? 
any trains working?
kyn train chalu h ky}? (sent from Thane Stn.)
what's the status from thane stn  (sent from Airoli)
train status? is there waterlogging anywhere? between kurla and thane? (sent from Kurla Stn.)
Are trains on time? (sent from Vikhroli)
People who have left home and no other option other than going office are the ones posting "Trains are running smoothly".
hi what is the train status from thane? (sent from Thane)
what about between kurla and dadar (sent from Kalva)
which news  (sent from Dombivli)
what is the Status of cereal line (sent from Shahad)
what about trains from dombivli? (sent from Dombivli)
are the  trains on time?? (sent from Charni Road Stn.)
are trains on time? (sent from Vikhroli)
abhise kaise pata chalega? din bhar ki basrish pe hai wo to (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
are trains working from shahad? (sent from Shahad)
which channel? 
train status?
what about kurla to cst... centerline  (sent from Kurla)
how can someone from naigaon know what's happening on Central railway. It's a spam guys don't fall for it (sent from Thakurli)
Aaj kya hal hai? from kalyan to cst
is thane train running or cancelled as usual??
status?  (sent from Dombivli)
thane to cst trains, are they on time ? (sent from Airoli)
staus from badlapur? (sent from Badlapur)
what is status of 6.50 cstm fast from Kurla station
instead of chat from home, reach station and update (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
Whats the status of central line? 
ट्रेन चालू आहे का ? (sent from Titwala Stn.)
are trains running from thane? (sent from Thane)
train ahet ka? (sent from Dombivli)
are trains on time ?
what is the status towards CSMT?
what about trains status from kalyan to dadar 
sion??
kalyan to thane status? (sent from Shahad)
hi trains are running from ambernath?
what about Thane to Kalyan?
kurla to thane train status ? (sent from Kurla Stn.)
Are khopoli cst train working fine ?? (sent from Khopoli Stn.)
is water logged in sion? (sent from Badlapur)
what about Dombivli? (sent from Kopar Stn.)
badlapur station what is status please update
CSMT- AMBERNATH on time??? (sent from Mahim Jn Stn.)
Heavy rain in Thane.. what's the status of Thane to CSTM train? are trains running on time?  (sent from Kalva)
are rains working? (sent from Dombivli)
Are train working properly?  (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
is there heavy rains in Mulund?
what is status diva station to kurla (sent from Dativali Stn.)
are central trains on time ? (sent from Nahur Stn.)
are trains running on time? 
train status? (sent from Kalva)
status of 6:55 fast from badlapur to csmt pls??
ek request. everybody posts questions when required. but jab station aa jaate Hain, no one wants to answer questions or post updates. please post useful messages when it rains so that this m.indicator platform becomes fruitful. (sent from Vikhroli)
what is status from kopar to kanjurmarg station
Mulund madhe pAus jorat ahe ka?
kurla to Thane status?
what is status Thane to cst
Thane to Ghatkopar ? Train running ? (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)
what's the status of central line? Please inform 
Is train on time?
any updates of trains in Dombivli station??? (sent from Nilje)
mitrano train chalu aahe ka? (sent from Diva Jn)
Chembur??
vasai to cstm chalu hai kya?? (sent from Vasai Road)
what is d status at Vikhroli station (sent from Mahim Jn Stn.)
trains working properly?  (sent from Thakurli)
kalyan to Cstm running??
are the trains on time?  (sent from Shahad)
any updates on train? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
ho Kamala Nahi jayachi icha lokanchi tujhi Kay icha ? (sent from Nilje Stn.)
train from titwala to CST??
are trains working? 
Slow Train Kasara-CSTM which is scheduled to reach cst 7:38 started at 5:00 am have left Kalyan station (6:12)  just now @6:55 (sent from Kalyan)
can we travel from Dombivali to Vidhyavihar how is the situation (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
from vasai to dhanu train chalu hai kya ????
what's d status for trains towards dadar (sent from Kopar)
Thane to CSt train status plz??
cst to Kalyan status?? (sent from Kanjur Marg)
guys, who all have reached station only reply, dont mess over unwanted msgs...
train from Ambernath?
wt the status for dadar train?
what about trains towards badlapur (sent from Vithalwadi)
kindly provide me a information about all trains r running properly or not ? central line ? both slow or fast ?  (sent from Mumbra)
thane cst train suru ahe ka????????
need update from Thane to CSMT train ? (sent from Thane)
train chalu hai kya? (sent from Kalva)
plz help guyz trains running or nt ? 
kalyan thane any update? 
its raining heavily in Kalyan what about Dadar 
kalyan to cst??? (sent from Dombivli)
are cstm sathi train chalu ahet ka?  sanga   (sent from Thane)
any water logging on tracks?
any update between amb to kalyan? 
nallasooara to churchgate train chalk hai kya ???
are trains running on time? (sent from Thakurli)
karjat train chalu aahet ka?
what is the status of local trains kalyan to thane (sent from Kalyan)
what is status about train  (sent from Ambernath)
what is the train status from Thane to Vashi ? (sent from Dombivli)
 what's the status from ulhasnagar?  (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)
hi, how is the train scenario like?
what is train status from kalwa to kurla (sent from Kalva Stn.)
borivali to dadar  train status? (sent from Dahisar)
thane se train kitna let hai ?
what is the train status today 
what is the train formt mumbra to dadar (sent from Mumbra Stn.)
wht situation between kalyan to kurla? any block?  (sent from Kalyan)
are trains running on time?  (sent from Ambernath)
is the central train eorking
what is the status for 7:18 train from kalyan to cst (sent from Kalyan)
can you please keep sending updates? (sent from Dombivli)
what is status of trains towards asangaon (sent from Thakurli)
You mean even now? Is that a problem? I mean, are the trains stopping there now? (sent from Mulund)
what is the status from Dadar to thane (sent from Borivali)
what is the train status from thane to dadar
train status from dadar to Thane? (sent from Malad Stn.)
status of train?
Tula nakki western Varun jayachay ki central ? (sent from Nilje Stn.)
Badlapur to kalyan? (sent from Badlapur)
what happened? 
what about khopoli train r it working (sent from Mumbra Stn.)
?
wt sort of mishap?? (sent from Badlapur)
what?? (sent from Titwala)
kopar to thana train chalu hai or band? (sent from Juchandra Road)
? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
is train running between thane - cst??
vithalwadi to thane plz update?  
is the central train working
trains r late. you can go to office.but after that for returning ?
when?
ulhasnagar janyasathi train chalu aahet ka..??? (sent from Dombivli)
where ? (sent from Nilje Stn.)
anybody going to powoi from nerul? 
train chalu aaste ka??
train status of central ? (sent from Mulund)
is dt really true?? (sent from Badlapur)
which roof at thane has collapsed? 
Is it raining between Thane and Dadar? (sent from Dombivli)
rail chalu aahe ka?  (sent from Dativali)
what happened? (sent from Kalyan)
have you. seen it? (sent from Dombivli)
sion??? (sent from Kalyan)
Ambernath to cst Kay status ahe?
train status titwala to kurla?? (sent from Titwala)
what is the position of train between Kayla to cst today  (sent from Dombivli)
heavy rains in Ambernath.. are trains at least running today?  (sent from Ambernath)
what is the status of titawala   to cstm (sent from Titwala)
what is the status of trains? is it raining heavily in mumbai side? (sent from klyn) (sent from Kalyan)
diva jane ke lie train chalu hai? 
what about trains from Badlapur (sent from Badlapur)
thane cst trains are running?
is it raining heavily in thane? (sent from Virar)
kalyan cst trains are running in regular timing ???? (sent from Kalyan)
train status nahur to cst? (sent from Nahur Stn.)
what is the stetas thane to cst
are trains able to reach vidyavihar station??? (sent from Kharghar)
what about trains from amb badlapur side (sent from Vithalwadi)
are trains from dombivli running on time? 
thane to cst status?
train running on time? towards thane and Koparkhairne
Kalyan to cst? 
What's is The status for kalyan to Thane
is there any chance to flooding today train on time or not (sent from Mumbra)  (sent from Mumbra Stn.)
what happened
???
what is the status of than to dadr
what is the status of trains from Titwala to CSMT? (sent from Titwala)
trains running on time?  (sent from Mumbra Stn.)
is therewater logging started in kalyan, dombivli, sion , kurla?? (sent from Kalyan)
what status dombivali to cst (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)
what exactly happened?
train running from Titwala to Thane??
what about the train schedule 
wat is the status of train from dombivli to fdmr? (sent from Dombivli)
status of dombivli thane trais? (sent from Dombivli)
what's that
what is the status of ghatkopar??? (sent from Kopar Stn.)
what mishap ? (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)
anybody travelling in train?
status ?? 
what is the update for today (sent from Airoli Stn.)
thane me what happened (sent from Kopar)
what has exactly happened at Thane??? (sent from Badlapur)
what happened at thane ?
Is train towards CST working ?
train status from thane to kurla??
shahad to cst status?  (sent from Shahad)
Is the train running on time from ambernath to CST
Can somebody please update on this? 
is the train regular 
what about Kalyan status???
badlapur to cst??  (sent from Badlapur Stn.)
train going from dadar to thane? (sent from Malad Stn.)
Karjat ka train chalu hai kya...? (sent from Airoli Stn.)
situation of mulund station???
is there any delay in train? (sent from Airoli Stn.)
what about kurla
really?
trains working ? (sent from Vithalwadi)
on which platform it happened (sent from Kopar)
what Mishap? 
what happen in thane
Any waterlogging at Kurla-Sion stretch? (sent from Vidyavihar)
yeah..what happened ?
what is update on train  (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)
are train running? (sent from Airoli Stn.)
from kalyan towards CST fast trains??? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
what's the status of central line?
Titwala- CST local chalu h kya?
what is a status for csmt train (sent from Thane)
Are trains running fine between Kalyan to Ghatkopar? 
are trains from Thane cancelled??
are trains running on time from kalyan to thane?? (sent from Vithalwadi)
train are regular or late in between kalyan to ghatkopar? (sent from Kalyan)
trains running?thane-cst
which on3s.. (sent from Mulund Stn.)
train status? (sent from Kopar Stn.)
what is status of train from karjat (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
what is the status from shahd towards cst??? (sent from Shahad)
what was the mishap?
kalyan cst train chalu hai?
current status please ?,
on time? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
hello!! any train delays?? (sent from Dombivli)
mohit...what happen in thane (sent from Ambernath)
Kalyan 15 coach status??
what is the status of central line Badlapur to cst traim (sent from Badlapur)
starus from badlapur stn?? (sent from Badlapur)
what s status of train from Thane to Cstm (sent from Kalva Stn.)
kasara Train???  (sent from Shahad)
what is the status of central local train?
statuse from vithalwadi to csmt?? (sent from Vithalwadi)
अंबरनाथ ते मुंबई ट्रेन स्टेटस काय आहे?
pls  some one  who  is  already  in  train  pls  update the status of train  (sent from Dombivli)
everyone is repeating same question the people who have left plz just update about the status
kalyan to dadar train status? (sent from Shahad)
cst to ambernath status?
is it?  (sent from Dombivli)
train status from Ulhasnagar to Cstm? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
Thane - Kurla status?
what status from badalapur to cst
cental railway trains running ?
yes...news shows that Sion n Kurla also raining...but central railway is running normally but don't know how long
ghat to Mulund is working properly?
status of Ambarnath trains???
cST train updates??
So just rumours right? Are trains running to and from Thane? 
which channel (sent from Dombivli)
trains cancelled?
what is the train status from dombivali toward cstm
trains are running right??  (sent from Mahim Jn)
is trains running towards csmt from mulund ??  (sent from Mulund)
which  (sent from Ambernath)
thane to cst kya status hai?? 
what was the status 
hi any updates of train Kalyan to cstm? (sent from Thakurli)
trains are working?????  (sent from Badlapur)
What's the status of mumbra station
any update on central rly sevice?
Which channel (sent from Dombivli)
hii latest train status? (sent from Chunabhatti)
Trains kabhi band hogaa? (sent from Dombivli)
Dombivali to Kasara train status?  (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
what happened 
what is the position of train 4m Thane (sent from Ghansoli)
is the train on time  (sent from Mumbra)
what is status of slow train from kalyan (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
trains are working ?
which chennel
What is the status from thane
kalyan train status? 
what is status of dombivali to cst (sent from Kopar Stn.)
shahad se trains chalu hain kya on time yaa late hain? (sent from Vithalwadi)
local suru aahe ka? mumbra
Karjat cst ontime ? (sent from Neral Stn.)
is it train arriving.....or not...? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
how is train situation? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
what is the status of trains for Kasara side...?  (sent from Dombivli)
what is the mishap? (sent from Thane)
after reaching can you please say what about panvel trains from thane are they running
cst to andheri trains are on time?  (sent from Gtb Nagar Stn.)
train status.??? (sent from Vithalwadi)
Train is going to Pune? (sent from Kopar Stn.)
how is train from mulund to ambernath
Thane -ghatkopar status?
what is the situation in sion and kurl?
what's train status
what? 
what about trains from kanjur marg
train status ?
what is Status of central line trains between Thane and CSMT (sent from Thane)
kalyan station is it waterlogged? (sent from Thakurli Stn.)
Central local Trains movement chalu hai kya?  (sent from Diva Jn)
is train available from thane to kalyan? (sent from Thane)
karjat train chalu h kya ?? (sent from Kalva)
guys what is the status from thane station 
Thane to cstm train Ka kya status hai ? (sent from Thane)
what is current situation
what is the status of 7:29 Dombivli-Cstm? Is it arrived at dombivli?
what is train issue in Central line
is there central line working?  (sent from Diva Jn)
Central line chalu Hai kua? (sent from Dahisar Stn.)
kalyan cst train chalu aahe ka,?
titwala se cst fast trin chalu aahe ka...  ? 
what happened 
what is current situation
trains on time Now at 7.15 am ?????????? (sent from Malad)
is all trains are on time ?
is there waterlogging in Sion matunga?
hi all..r trains running on time?
? 
guys what about thane to kurla
hii central line ka kya status hai all trains are on time?? (sent from Tilak Nagar Stn.)
kalyan la train late aahet ka???
central railway chalu hai kya? (sent from Kopar Stn.)
Are trains running on time?  (sent from Thane)
Slow fast? how much time? (sent from Dombivli)
please update who reached at station
what is the status of Ambernath to karjat ? (sent from Ambernath Stn.)
central railway is on time? (sent from Kalva)
CR is on time?
Thane to kalyan chalu ahe ka?? (sent from Rabale)
is it real? (sent from Kalva Stn.)
any update for CR? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
what about thane  (sent from Tilak Nagar Stn.)
what is the current status of people traveling Mumbra to Dadar ? 
??
what is d condition of CR local trains beyond kuthla? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
water logging in kalwa? (sent from Kalva)
Trains are running as per schedule~? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
is any bridges collapse in Ghatkopar?
what happened? (sent from Dombivli)
ट्रेन चालू है क्या? (sent from Kalva)
hello is any train issue ??? (sent from Belapur Cbd Stn.)
is any bridges collapse in Ghatkopar
are trains on time? 
thane to cst train chalu hai kya..?
what about Thane to Ghatkopar
what is train status from titwala to CST? (sent from Titwala)
Ambernath to karjat train status please? (sent from Ambernath Stn.)
what happened
 what happened???
What about Ghatkoper train on time?
are thane cst trains running?
ulhasnagar train status anyone? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
are trains running???  
what hapen
how true is this???  (sent from Mulund)
what about Kasara to CST (sent from Shahad)
please send me current status of c.r from ulhasngar to kurla? (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)
thane mei ..kuch hua kya ?
what happened (sent from Dombivli)
Is Central Railway running in time? (sent from Thakurli Stn.)
what status about ambernath to ghatkopar train...?
घाटकोपर ला पाऊस आहे? (sent from Kalva)
dombivali? (sent from Kopar)
dombivli to Kalyan??? (sent from Dombivli)
Kalyan to mulund?
dombivli to Kalyan??? (sent from Dombivli)
is trains reaching up to Dadar ?
what is current situation
what is the status of train  (sent from Ghatkopar)
What's the status of trans harbour trains? (sent from Mulund)
status from dombivli?? 
train status?? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
ky scene train ka?m (sent from Dombivli)
are trains going to cst from ambernath? (sent from Ambernath)
train status?? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
trains are on time???? (sent from Thane Stn.)
are trains working? (sent from Vidyavihar)
did you reach thane? (sent from Vikhroli)
dombivli to ghatkopar???? (sent from Chembur)
what is status of train from thane to csmt? (sent from Mumbra)
cst train chalu hain kea?
what happened in thane? (sent from Nahur Stn.)
train chalu hai kya ? i want to go thane from Ghatkopar (sent from Govandi)
what is status of train from thane to csmt? (sent from Mumbra)
waht is the status at thane? (sent from Bhiwandi Road)
 badlapur to karjat..status..? (sent from Badlapur)
are trains on time?? (sent from Mulund)
updates fron thane station plz? (sent from Ambernath)
train status from Badlapur? 
what about train from Nerul to tilaknagar...is it clear or on time? (sent from Nerul Stn.)
are trains working? (sent from Vidyavihar)
mulund to Chinchpokli? are trains running?  (sent from Mulund)
what happened at thane stn? (sent from Nahur)
mulund to Chinchpokli? are trains running?  (sent from Mulund)
are the trains from CSTM to THANE running properly?  (sent from Mahalakshmi Stn.)
Ghatkopar me koi bridge gira hai kya?
are trains on time?? (sent from Mulund)
cst train chalu hain kea? (sent from Mumbra Stn.)
thane to karajt...?
trains are late today ? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
is it going till CST? (sent from Ambernath)
any water logging  at matunga ?? (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)
parel?? (sent from Kopar)
parel??
what is the status for central line any update... (sent from Ambernath Stn.)
what happens  at thane  (sent from Sewri)
thane to karajt...?
from Thane?
from Thane?
train status from Badlapur?  (sent from Badlapur)
thane to karajt...?
are slow trains runng ? Thakurli (sent from Thakurli)
train chalu hai aaj? 
is train are running ? (sent from Kalva Stn.)
what is the status for central line any update... (sent from Ambernath Stn.)
मित्रांनो ट्रैन वेळेवर आहेत का? (sent from Diva Jn)
what about train status from diva to ghatkoper ??pls give the reply any one (sent from Diva Jn)
thane to karajt...?
train status?? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
what is train status from mumbra to cst (sent from Mumbra Stn.)
parel?? (sent from Kopar)
what is train status (sent from Vikhroli)
are slow trains runng ? Thakurli (sent from Thakurli)
what about kalyan to karjat locals ? (sent from Badlapur)
towards cst trains r running?? (sent from Kalyan)
train status?? Dombivali to thane (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
what is the status of train in between thane to cst (sent from Kalva)
Are trains running from kalyan to CST??
are trains running on time?  (sent from Thakurli)
or khopoli site train chalu hai kya? (sent from Mankhurd)
what is the status of Badlapur stn
what is the update for train central line (sent from Ambernath Stn.)
what about diva to csmt????
sion ka kya status ha I ??
what is the status of Badlapur stn
where is 6:55 CST to Kasara  train
चालु आहे?  (sent from Dativali)
what's the status for trains to cst
what is the status of Kurla-Sion?  (sent from Thane)
matunga sion ka kya haal hai? (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)
7:18 asangaon is running? (sent from Kalva)
is there water logging in Sion (sent from Mulund)
wt happened ? (sent from Airoli Stn.)
what's d status from Thane stn?
what is status at badlapur (sent from Badlapur)
Why?
trains chalu ahet ka dombivli to cst ? mazi xam ahe (sent from Dombivli)
are trains running Frome Thane to cst on time? (sent from Thane)
it is heavily raining in dombivali. what is the train status?  (sent from Thakurli)
what is the status if train between Thane to dombivali?
Titwala se Cstm kya position hai. gari chal rahi hai kya? (sent from Titwala)
what about Dombivli to Thane? (sent from Dombivli)
train on time Kasara line? (sent from Shahad)
Are trains on time?
Is main line okay today ?
What is the status of trains from Ghatkopar to Thane? (sent from Vasai Road Stn.)
what about dombivli to cst? (sent from Dombivli)
Why?
anybody can update from kurla ? whts d position
thane to kurla ???
what about chembur to dadar 
what's the update of train
what about thane to cstm
train status from kalyan to badlapur?? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
pl.let me know what is the position of local train from kalyan st. tocst (sent from Kalyan)
what r  status from ambernath to CST 
train status? 
trains working from vitthlwadi? (sent from Vithalwadi Stn.)
hello trains are running? (sent from Mulund)
wht abt thane to cst guys?  (sent from Rabale)
train problem?? (sent from Kopar)
train teek chl rhe h na?? (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)
status of train from mulund to ghatkopar? (sent from Nahur)
are trains running from thane ?
hey any update regarding train??? 
R the trains on tym from bhandup?? (sent from Bhandup)
पाऊस फार आहे,तेव्हा सेंट्रल रेल्वेच्या सि एस टीला जाणाऱ्या   सर्व ट्रेन  चालू आहेत का? 
Trains are ok?
trains schedule?
train status today? (sent from Kalva)
is central line trains are on time???  (sent from Airoli)
what karjat track problem (sent from Vithalwadi)
trains on time or late??  (sent from Dombivli)
what is position in Kurla?
Why?
centrzl line are trains running normal?  (sent from Bhandup Stn.)
Thane me TC dikh rha hai kya? (sent from Dombivli)
is there any problem at Thane station? (sent from Thane)
what is status in thane
Trains kab band hogaa bhai?? (sent from Dombivli)
7.29 dom local is arrived lets see if depart on time or not
badlapur to mumbai train r going? (sent from Badlapur Stn.)
Train late?? (sent from Kopar)
train on time or not? (sent from Diva Jn)
are the trains running from ambarnath to kalyan???
which accident 
trains running on time from dombivli to dadar? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
Are Karjat and khopli trains running on time?????
trains are running proper on not? (sent from Kalva)
anyone who has reached Kurla and watched water logging on track...
Badlapur cha Kay status aahe trains cha??  (sent from Badlapur)
status of trains from vithalwadi?  (sent from Vithalwadi Stn.)
today train r on time ?? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
trains are running on time? (sent from Jogeshwari Stn.)
aaj sutti ahe ka? 😂 (sent from Kopar Stn.)
what is status of train (sent from Mumbra)
how do you know at dombivli? (sent from Dombivli)
locals are ontime or any delay ?
Ambernath to thane? 
what situation in kalyan (sent from Kalyan)
what is the current status from dadar to thane local??? (sent from Dadar Stn.)
water logging ho rha h kya kurla station pr?
 what about from Ulhasnagar? (sent from Shahad)
central line chalu hai kya????bahut barish ho rahi hai (sent from Diva Jn)
Why are trains running?
is train is running on time? (sent from Mankhurd)
badlapur to cst what status about train
kab aayegaa?? Aur kab train band hogaa?? (sent from Dombivli)
what about karjat trains (sent from Badlapur Stn.)
thane to CST trains are running on time? or not
thane to CST trains are running on time? or not
are trains running on time..??
what situation dombivali to dadar
are trains from kalyan to VT running ? (sent from Shahad)
is there any issues with central line
Badlapur la kya status hai train ka??  (sent from Badlapur)
please don't spread rumours that trains are on time. lol.  (sent from Kopar Stn.)
Are train on time?
what about down trains from towards asangaon (sent from Kanjur Marg)
Are trains on time from Badlapur? (sent from Badlapur Stn.)
who said gira hai kar k??? (sent from Ghatkopar)
Mulund-Kurla line chalu aahe Ka? (sent from Mulund)
are trains running on time?  (sent from Badlapur)
should  we travel 😉 or not?   (sent from Dombivli)
what happened?? (sent from Badlapur Stn.)
is train are working from mumbra to dadar n in westen..?  (sent from Mumbra)
where have you reached now? what time you took train? (sent from Dombivli)
what happened at thane (sent from Dombivli)
asangaon train on time??
sakalchi sinhagad welet hoti ka ?
are trais on time? (sent from Mulund)
train status from thakurli to csmt?  (sent from Thakurli)
Sion water logging? (sent from Kalyan)
thane 7.28 train running?
what is the status of local train on central line
train are 20 mins late but there heavy rain at Mumbai. so there will be difficulty for sure? so better way think and then leave from home.  (sent from Badlapur)
bhai train kab band hogi...?  (sent from Kalyan)
asangaon cha status kay aahe?
are trains on time? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
what is the status of trains? (sent from Badlapur)
? (sent from Airoli Stn.)
what is  the status kalwa to dadar??  (sent from Kalva Stn.)
are trains working from thane to lalyan stn?
train status from Ulhasnagar? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
what is status for Diva to CSMT train plz tell me friends  (sent from Diva Jn)
dombivali to cat train position ? (sent from Nilje)
who is asking trains are on time, with such a huge downpour how the trains will even run
what's the status of water in Kurla??
are local trains on time?? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
train from thakurli to Thane status???  (sent from Thakurli)
train time pe hai ya nai???
what's d train status? (sent from Kopar Stn.)
is thr NY problem?? (sent from Kalva)
status of train from ambernath?  (sent from Ambernath)
one of my colleague who stays near kurla stn has shared the same  (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
anybody at mumbra?
downside train barabar h kya ???
what's the status from vikhroli to Thane 
pune train are running or not? (sent from Khandeshwar)
😂😂😂 subeh subeh??
are trains working in central.line ?
Dombivli Vrun 7:29 aali ka ?? (sent from Dombivli)
status from thane to Ghatkopar? (sent from Thane)
trains are running or not? 
what s the train status from thane to cst
train chalu hai? (sent from Nahur)
has anything happened at thane station?
what about the train from amber nath?
trains from dombivali to kurla .... could you please update? (sent from Sanpada Stn.)
what is the status of train from Badlapur to karjat (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
you can't read single msg on this chat, what use? (sent from Ambernath)
What happened at thane station ? (sent from Kopar)
what abt water on tracks?
trains are in time? (sent from Ghatkopar)
vitthalwadi ani kalyan madhe track war pani sachla ahe kay??? (sent from Badlapur Stn.)
TRAIN IS RUNNING BUT 10 MIN AND NO ANY ISSUE TILL THANE FROM THERE I DONT KNOW SO PLEASE  EVERYONE GO OFFICE DONT WAIT WHEN TRAIN WILL RUNNING STOP..😂..... (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
r locals from Ghatkopar to Kalyan running on time or late?  (sent from Jogeshwari)
what about asangaon CST trains
train on time or not?
ambernath se thane chalu hai ? plz batao  (sent from Ambernath)
are trains running on Central?  (sent from Thakurli)
what is status of thane to kurla  (sent from Thane)
train chalu h ?? (sent from Andheri Stn.)
pls don't flood with questions. those who have at station or in train should reply to give authentic status of trains.
are trains working?? 
what is status for the trains today?
what position of central line today
how can a person at Nilje tell about status of Sion-Dadar route.? (sent from Tilak Nagar Stn.)
what's the status
today train timeing what (sent from Khopoli)
what is status of thane station (sent from Kanjur Marg)
what's the current train status (sent from Dombivli)
is train wrkg properly? (sent from Dombivli)
what ia status for kalyan to dadar train (sent from Kopar Stn.)
Trains are running on time. they'll stop while returning home, when there'll be utmost need . Travel at own risk, rather not to travel. (sent from Kopar)
Trains from ambernath running ???
All trains are working Properly or Not?
What is status at Vikhroli station ? (sent from Vikhroli)
are trains from Thane-CST running on time? (sent from Bhandup)
Ulhasnagar Mumbai train chalu hai? (sent from Vithalwadi)
what is the train status now from thane? (sent from Nilje)
??
how long?? (sent from Ambernath Stn.)
trains running on time or not
you left ?
Central line is working or not? (sent from Airoli)
train chalu ahe ka ??????????? (sent from Kanjur Marg)
train suru hai Kay Kalwa to cst??  (sent from Kalva Stn.)
trains are going or not ?
trains regular?
should i travel from Kanjurmarg to Badlapur?  (sent from Kanjur Marg)
trains r running from Ambarnath 2 cst?
status of trains from Thane? (sent from Mulund Stn.)
train from dombivli??? (sent from Thakurli)
kurla to dadar trains are running properly??? (sent from Belapur Cbd)
train status?
Train from badlapur to cst is running or not?? (sent from Badlapur)
All trains are working Properly or Not?
shahad cst chalu h kya...?  (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
status at thane and mulund? from Bhiwandi 
any update??? (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)
what is the running status about train (sent from Mumbra)
where's the train
trains are late from dombivli to CST? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
trains yaha se to time pe hai lekin , what's the status at Sion ,, will it reach CST  (sent from Badlapur)
?? (sent from Thane)
what was the problem at Thane station (sent from Kopar Stn.)
What about Ambernath to CST ? 
trains are on time ? (sent from Mulund Stn.)
what's is the status for train.. (sent from Thakurli)
Trains ka status kya hai ? on time or late ? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
what's the status at thane station towards CST station?
kaise pata Chala ? (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)
metro is running na ? (sent from Kanjur Marg)
guys please give update about trains beyond Kalyan, I'm in the train but just got a call from friend who's in the train which is stuck at vitthalwadi station. (sent from Ambernath Stn.)
dude Kalyan me pani bhara h kya ?
Are trainss runniing on timme????? (sent from Sandhurst Road Stn.)
train on time or not?
sachme?
Whats the train status from Badlapur to cst??
Is train are running timely? what is the status?
what about Dombivli to Kuala?  (sent from Dombivli)
train chalu hai kya ???
what is the status of trains in central railway??? from Thane to csmt?????
konti train?? (sent from Badlapur Stn.)
karjat cst on time..? (sent from Neral)
what is current status of Thane - kurla section ? (sent from Thane)
being chaos which train are you in (sent from Kopar Stn.)
what about Badlapur 
is train running between Kalyan and CST? (sent from Vithalwadi)
train status? 
why dis trains working can't we take holiday coz of heavy rain 😭😭
Upto Ulhasnagar what is the status of local train?
what is the status of trains at badla (sent from Badlapur)
titwala to cst train he kya??  (sent from Titwala Stn.)
thane trains on time?
train are running on time or late ?? (sent from Kopar)
डोंबिवली मधून ट्रेन ची काय स्थिती आहे ?
thane cst train status?? 
Thane to cst is late?
Are trains working from dombivli to cst?? (sent from Dombivli)
from Ghatkopar? (sent from Vidyavihar)
Thane se CST Tak train chalu hai?
 trains chal rahe hai kya? (sent from Thane)
what about thane vasi (sent from Rabale)
any train update regarding badlapur ?? (sent from Badlapur)
what about diva jn to Dadar (sent from Diva Jn)
is there any water logging news? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
train status??? (sent from Dombivli)
 Vikhroli to ambernath trains are running or not ? (sent from Vikhroli)
what is the status in Dom to sion
what's the status kalyan to cst (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
can someone pls share status of trains ??
Dadar to Vikhroli running on time? 
what is status of trains in central line? (sent from Ghatkopar)
Mumbai me bharish hai Kiya? (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)
how are trains from thane to kharghar (sent from Kanjur Marg)
what is status thane to dadar ( send from thane (sent from Thane Stn.)
kalyan se train time pe hai kya ?
are trains from Dombivli on time ? (sent from Dombivli)
Trains are running on time ?? (sent from Ambernath Stn.)
why
when u will heard that ??? (sent from Shahad)
train are running on time? (sent from Rabale)
badlapur station what is status
anybody from mumbra station ?
guys, trains from ulhasnagar on time ??  (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
Sion ka status kya hai? water logging  (sent from Thane)
कर्जत ट्रेन चालू है क्या ?
current status of kalyn to thane  ? 
girls & ledis plz don't go train travel any where bcz kahi bhi fas skte ho
what happened at thane any?? (sent from Thane)
what is local train Satatus Kalyan  (sent from Vithalwadi)
train update Dombivali? (sent from Kopar Stn.)
from Dadar ?? (sent from Dadar Stn.)
what is the trains status
matunga me paani bhara hai kya..?? (sent from Masjid)
neral to ghatkopar on time?? (sent from Neral)
Is train is running on time? (sent from Shahad Stn.)
train status? (sent from Chunabhatti)
train updates pls? (sent from Kopar)
Tilak Nagar to CSTM train status? (sent from Nahur Stn.)
what is Badlapur (sent from Badlapur)
what is the current train status ??
ghansoli to thane all ok??
how are trains running towards CST? (sent from Dombivli)
is it confirm ed news? (sent from Kalva Stn.)
has train stopped due to rain?  (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
are trains running on time from Dadar to thane? (sent from Mumbai Central Stn.)
guys, trains from ulhasnagar on time ? any idea  (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
till thane trains are running ? (sent from Kopar Stn.)
shahad to dadar trn status? 
what is d status of central.?  (sent from Kanjur Marg)
badlapur ki train chalu he kya?  (sent from Badlapur)
what is the update on central railway? (sent from Thakurli)
what about Train Status (sent from Titwala Stn.)
do you think trains might stuck up later? (sent from Dombivli)
what about diva to matunga run train . (sent from Diva Jn)
karjat trn chalu hai kya ? (sent from Ambivli)
dadar thane?? (sent from Matunga Road)
what about kalyan to Thane trains.pls inform
are dadar Kalyan trains running? (sent from Vadala Road)
kalyan strain atatus?  (sent from Kalyan)
hello.. what's is the central line trains status (sent from Kalyan)
what's the status of Mumbai rajdhani today (sent from Manasarovar)
what position from ambernath to cst
took a 6:51 fast which came around 7:08...now crossed bhandup (sent from Kanjur Marg)
People's Asking Status are who want leave bcoz of rain......Please Update those who know the Status... Questions e rahega tooh Jawaab nai dikhega..... (sent from Kopar)
Train are working ???? please confirm  (sent from Thakurli)
what condition on badlapur station (sent from Badlapur)
kurla station pr pani h kya?
what about diva to thane (sent from Dativali)
is trains from Thane to csmt on time or delayed???
Thane to CST update? (sent from Mulund Stn.)
water logging hai kya sion main? (sent from Shahad)
what is the status of train from Kalyan to CSTM? (sent from Vile Parle)
chalo duo/squad?   (sent from Mahim Jn)
are trains running? Central (sent from Thakurli Stn.)
what is the current status of sion station
I just came to know that trains are not running ahead from thane ??  (sent from Thane)
is there train cancelled from thane stn?  (sent from Thane)
trains are on time?
how are trains (sent from Vikhroli)
Central line trains towards CSMT are on time or delayed due to rains?  (sent from Cst Stn.)
kalyan train status?  (sent from Kalyan)
how train 7.17slow working from kalyan to cst
सुप्रभात, डोंबिवलीहून गाड्या जात आहेत का? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
what is train status from badlapur? (sent from Badlapur Stn.)
what is status of badlapur to thane train
train is working from kurla to dadar 🤔 ? (sent from Chembur Stn.)
train on time? (sent from Vithalwadi)
what is the trains current states as it raining cat n dog (sent from Kalyan)
train's working?? ( badlapur)
WOW. We have astrologers too who can make such predictions about railways. Can you please post a time table of days so that all kamchor Indians can plan their itienary? (sent from Dombivli)
can anybody post status about Mumbai to Pune trains? (sent from Thakurli Stn.)
guys cst to thane any update ??  (sent from Mahim Jn)
डोंबिवली मधून ट्रेन ची काय स्थिती आहे ?
kurla station pr pani bhara h kya ?
what is the status between thane to kalyan
dombivali to cst?
what's status of Thane to Ambernath? 
status at Sion station? (sent from Malad Stn.)
why don't u ppl read previous messages instead of asking same question again and again..bloody spammers
hello.. what's is the central line trains status. (sent from Kalyan)
dadar thane?! (sent from Matunga Road)
ambernath k kya haal h??
Deccan queen express kuthe ahe ??
are train running on time?
dadar thane?? (sent from Matunga Road)
trains for karjat are on time???? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
what the status for kalyan status (sent from Kalyan)
guys let me know ki aj offc jana h ya nahi... trains chalu h kya??? (sent from Kalyan)
anyone?  (sent from Cst Stn.)
what is the condition of Kurla- Sion track. are trains running on time? (sent from Vile Parle Stn.)
diva to dadar chalu hai kya bhai log.? 
train status ?? (sent from Thane)
are trains working in harbour line? (sent from Kopar Stn.)
what is the status at kurla station?  (sent from Kalyan)
what about train status at central line (sent from Dombivli)
trains running properly? (sent from Kalyan)
train status at Kurla ??? (sent from Thane)
what's the status about the train's between Thane to csmt
how's the status beyond Kalyan ? train running ?  (sent from Kopar)
what is the status from Karjat csmt train? pls update  (sent from Neral)
what is status of badlapur to cst fast
Any water logging at Soon Station ? (sent from Chunabhatti)
what is status of karjat local 
what is the current status  (sent from Kurla Stn.)
karjat jarai Kya koi train ?  (sent from Kopar)
what about train kalyan to cstm (sent from Dativali)
what is the status at Kanjur marg cst (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)
badlapur to CST trains working? (sent from Badlapur)
how are trains from thane station (sent from Kalva)
train status from titwala to csmt...?  (sent from Titwala)
trains are running on time? (sent from Bhandup Stn.)
what about badlapur to thane (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)
trains running on time? (sent from Mulund)
is Kalyan thane trains on time ? (sent from Khandeshwar Stn.)
what is the condition in matunga?
what about byculla to thane fast  are train running  on time  (sent from Dockyard Road Stn.)
Sion, Mulund aise jagah Paani bhara hai kya ? (sent from Kings Circle)
train ? (sent from Bandra Stn.)
Karjat Jana hai.....any problem to travel? (sent from Vithalwadi)
badlapur to kalyan?  (sent from Badlapur)
are central Local trains working on time?? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
what is the status kalam to cst (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)
what are the current status of trains in dombivli  (sent from Thakurli)
This is a monitored chat forum. dont put such messages. Please (sent from Dombivli)
thane trains are working?  (sent from Kharghar)
Train is running on times or not
what is status for trains from thane to neral?
are the central railway trains on time? (sent from Thane)
status from kalyan to kasara??
7.29 dombivli left or still at platform?  (sent from Dombivli)
Are trains working?  I want to go from Kanjurmarg to Matunga. 
is there any waterlogging on the railway lines 
does 7.29 dombivli to cst left? (sent from Dombivli)
CST se down mein train ka kya status h?? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
 train chalo hai na ? (sent from Vikhroli)
thane to kalyan train chalo h kya??
what about mumbra to thane
Woh bahar itni baarish ho toh office jaana zaroori hai kya?  (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
khopoli train any update? (sent from Thakurli Stn.)
what is status at Sion and Matunga 
what about kalyan to thane?
thane- Neral?
what the status from ambernath towards CSMT. (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
what's about kurla
what is train status from Badlapur to csmt?
 Jane ka thik hai aur aane ka???
any issue at sion Matunga due to rain? (sent from Kalyan)
it's continuesouly Raining. what to do. whether to board the local or not. from Kalyan to Thane. and what about trans harbour  (sent from Kalyan)
what is the current status of central railways,  (sent from Thakurli Stn.)
line Kaha se Kaha tak block hai???? (sent from Masjid Stn.)
cstm to thana train is working?
what is train status
u personally seen?? (sent from Kalva Stn.)
Jo log yaha chat pe timepass kar rahe hai unko ofc jana hi nahi hai....unko sirf yahi padhna hai trains are not running...aur uska screenshot boss ko bhejne mile..lol (sent from Lower Parel)
What is the status of central railways  (sent from Dativali Stn.)
What is the status of central railways  (sent from Dativali Stn.)
Thane to ghatkopar any issues because of the rains?
are trains on time from Mulund to Currey Road? (sent from Mulund)
what train status Thane cstm  (sent from Ghansoli Stn.)
train working normally?
आज ट्रेन चालू है क्या ?
train chalu hai kya? (sent from Mulund)
trains are running?
hi what is current status of train (sent from Vithalwadi)
has anyone reached to CST from kalyan? (sent from Vithalwadi)
What is the status about central line local train ?
ghatkopar status? (sent from Bhayander Stn.)
kurla to cst train chalu hai?? (sent from Bhiwandi Road)
plz update me Sion and kula station,it's flooded?? (sent from Mumbra Stn.)
plz update me Sion and kula station,it's flooded?? (sent from Mumbra Stn.)
train from kasar is working or not?
cst to thane trains status? (sent from Dadar Stn.)
central lines are operational? if yes, is there too much rush? (sent from Rabale)
what is current status (sent from Vithalwadi)
thane CST status? (sent from Thane)
what is the status of central line Local trains? (sent from Kopar)
ghatkopar, kurla, Sion me pani bhara hai kya????  (sent from Kalva Stn.)
ghatkopar, kurla, Sion me pani bhara hai kya????  (sent from Kalva Stn.)
how to go from thane to wangani 
what is the situation in central line? Are trains running on time
cst to karjat chalu hai kya??
from titvala onwards train are working?  (sent from Lower Parel)
heavy rain in Dombivli...what about in Mumbai?
is der any water logging news? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
any updates till dadar?? (sent from Chinchpokli Stn.)
what about up fast train (sent from Govandi)
Are trains running between thane to cst? (sent from Nahur)
central train status ?  (sent from Bhandup)
hi local trains are you working today....and upto what time you will be working...its rainy heavily.. (sent from Kalyan)
thane to vt trains are there? (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)
are trains running? (sent from Dativali)
what about asangaon to cst
hi guys ...khopoli train status? (sent from Seawood Darave Stn.)
what about abernath station train chalu his Kay 
hmmm. now it's time bring in SUBMARINE TRAIN instead of BULLET one, haina? (sent from Badlapur)
What is the train status?
Hi. any updates regarding trains from thane  ?
what about trains towards karjat, khopoli
what all stations are water logging (sent from Marine Lines Stn.)
how are trains from Thane to nerul? (sent from Mulund Stn.)
Train chalu aahet ka? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
hi whats is status from vitthalwadi 2 ghatkopar?
tell me.. train are working r not?  (sent from Gtb Nagar Stn.)
what is the train status towards Andheri
what is the train position
??
thane-cst train status?
whether trains moving smoothly ? (sent from Vadala Road Stn.)
i m at bhandup i want to go matunga should i leave my house? (sent from Bhandup)
wat abt dombivli to ghatkopar trave? (sent from Dombivli)
any updates from Thane station? 
Thane cst trains are running or not
thane se aage kalyan side train ja rahe hai kya? (sent from Mulund)
hey guys trains aaj late aahet ka? (sent from Diva Jn)
train r running from kalyan to Dadar?  (sent from Dombivli)
trains are running from Dombivli to CST?  (sent from Dombivli)
Wht abt towards asangaon side?? 
Dombivli station to cst any updates?  (sent from Dombivli)
what is the status of sion and kurla stations water loging on tracks
krjat local status..? (sent from Shahad)
down side trians are on time ?
ambernth to Goregaon . anyone going? (sent from Ambernath)
train status at kanjur marg  to cst? (sent from Bhandup)
r trains going further from ghatkopar,kurla etc...?? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
towards asangaon? 
kurla status??? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
What a confidence.. (sent from Kalva)
R trains running on time ? (sent from Kalyan)
 7:51 lagega ya nahi? (sent from Ambernath)
Thane se koi bolo?  (sent from Kalva)
Anyone having Jarvis or Friday?  (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
are trains are running properly from dombivli to cstm??  (sent from Kopar)
status of karjat tp khopoli train. are they on time or not
what is status of diva station?  (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)
what is train status at badlapur (sent from Badlapur Stn.)
any update??
what is status of diva station?  (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)
What is current status of trains?
kindly check in western line chat....  (sent from Dativali)
train running? (sent from Shahad)
are the trains working baas itna he ?
dadar to thane working? (sent from Kandivali Stn.)
what is the running status of central rail ?? (sent from Vithalwadi)
are the local trains from kyn station running on time. what is the status of water logging Sion station (sent from Kalyan)
1.35 min? bullet chalu ho gayi?
how is sion and kurla station. trains are moving beyond those stations or not (sent from Thane Stn.)
train are running or not ???? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
hiii....what is central railway status ?? (sent from Diva Jn)
what abt kurla
कसा ब्लाॅक सुई है? (sent from Shahad Stn.)
updates??? (sent from Ambernath)
Dadar pasun trains chalu aahet ka ? (sent from Vadala Road Stn.)
dadar se aage train chal rai hai kya? (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)
what  (sent from Shahad)
Trains are on time??? (sent from Kanjur Marg)
has anyone reached Kurla station? what's the status of waterlogging there? 
what about after Thane? CST route (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
 What is status of ghadkopar station trains are working or not (sent from Thakurli Stn.)
are you serious????
what's the status of Thane to CST train
Thane to Diva train Chalu ahe ka ? (sent from Thane)
what is the status of trains from karjat (sent from Karjat Stn.)
wat abt sion  Kurla...? (sent from Kalyan)
should v leave for offc or not? current status of cstm gng trains?
Kalyan cst 7.57 aagai Kay? (sent from Kalyan)
thane -cst trains chalu aahet ka??  ki water logging cha Prob aahe in railway track  (sent from Badlapur)
vashi trains are running on time ? (sent from Dahisar)
are trains on time? (sent from Mulund Stn.)
trains from dadar to vokhroli? (sent from Nalla Sopara)
thane status ?
dadar to manjur!?
what about sion station
news ? (sent from Dombivli)
down track cha kay ? (sent from Vasai Road)
what is the central  line  status  (sent from Mulund Stn.)
ट्रेन चालू आहेत का???
Is local running on time?  (sent from Bhandup Stn.)
Dombivli? 
cst to Thane slow train status?
are there trains from Ambernath??
what news (sent from Thane Stn.)
what update of kurla (sent from Kalva)
what update of kurla (sent from Kalva)
kyn to cst train are working ?? (sent from Kalyan)
any train left from thane now...? (sent from Mulund)
Are the trains from badlapur to CST working....? (sent from Badlapur)
बदलापूर ते cst ट्रेन चालू आहे काय?? (sent from Badlapur Stn.)
what about after Thane? CST route (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
trains from ulhas statn?? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
Are trains towards Kalyan working? If yes then is it on time? (sent from Vikhroli)
what about sion stn? (sent from Mulund Stn.)
Badlapur to thane train ka kya status hai ?
r trains r on time ?
kurla to dada 🚆 train chalu aahe ka ?
kuthla water logging ?? (sent from Airoli)
what mishap happened in thane pls tell
hey guys 1 help chahiye BYCULLA train chalu hai kya?  sorry but navi mumbai rehta hu to just help manga maina aapse
what is the status from. bhandup to cst (sent from Bhandup)
what is current status of Ghatkopar to Karjat
what is the status of train from dadar to thane?  (sent from Virar Stn.)
shahad to cst train? (sent from Shahad)
should I leave for kanjur from Thane or not?
what's the condition of Kurla station...?? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
what is status of badlapur to khopoli (sent from Badlapur Stn.)
should I leave for kanjur from Thane or not?
HI good morning , what status now central line? ¤ (sent from Dombivli)
what is the condition from sion to curry road ??? (sent from Gtb Nagar Stn.)
is the train on time? from asangoan to cst
late or what? (sent from Badlapur Stn.)
should I leave from Karjat to thane?? (sent from Neral Stn.)
kurla to karjat?
badlapur Thane line any updates?????
those who're thinking that they can't travel in this rain.. they must not leave there home . .... experiencing everything is normal ... travelling towards CST. Till now reached thane (sent from Thane Stn.)
any update central railway..? (sent from Mulund)
badlapur wale sab soye h kya? koi to btao update badlapur ka?
Vikhroli to Kalyan? (sent from Vikhroli)
wat is d status of trains from Ulhasnagar? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
train running from byculla to thane ??????????? (sent from Sandhurst Road)
There doesn't tends to be any reason for which trains would be stopped unless u got em water on railway track  .-.
any update about the central  trains? 
bhai ambernath ka kya haal h ?? (sent from Ambernath)
what was the situation for Matunga  (sent from Mumbra Stn.)
what for cst
is trains are running today? (sent from Bhandup)
Hi! What abt trains for CSTM from Dombivli  (sent from Kopar Stn.)
Dombivli to thane status ? (sent from Dombivli)
is there water logging  (sent from Nilje Stn.)
trains r on time or what (sent from Kalva)
train chalu hai kya central ki??
status of sion stn ?
how much time trains are late today (sent from Shahad)
trains are running today?
central rail status?
what is status from kurla onwards (sent from Kopar Stn.)
plz inform it train reaches to Kalyan.. heard that train are stuck between shahad and Kalyan. (sent from Titwala)
what about ambernath to Thane locals are running proper plz revert soon(from ambernath ) pankaj chauhan (sent from Ambernath)
Trains running on time ??? (sent from Kalyan)
what is the Position from Ulhasnagar (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
is there water logging at Sion kurla?  (sent from Panvel)
what about after kurla
how about train beyond dadar (sent from Mulund Stn.)
sab band hogaya ok? (sent from Kalyan)
badlapur to dadar train chalu hai kya??? 
Status from Ambernath to Ghatkopar? (sent from Ambernath)
is there any problem from dombiwali to thane?? (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)
ohh!! are you superhuman , what if something bad happens to them , aren't u responsible
thane airoli?? (sent from Matunga Road)
Amb to CST train barobar hai kiya ? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
train status? thane station
is any water logging after sion n kurla (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
is there water near sion Matunga track (sent from Kalyan)
What is the train Ambernath to Cstm
Thane to Ulhasnagar trains are running or not?
what is the status of   local trains running tho CST
sion stn ??
Dayum 20-30 min? D:
is trains are running Dombivily to thane? (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)
ulhas to thane trains working? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
status of Thane to CST ??🚉🚆🌧️
Dadar vikroli train status? (sent from Dadar)
Are all trains running on time..? (sent from Dombivli)
trains are running ?? (sent from Kanjur Marg)
is anyone at Kalyan stn? what's the status?  (sent from Kalyan)
what about train status from BADLAPUR station? (sent from Badlapur)
what is the status of train ?
How is Ghatkopar to Dadar?  (sent from Mulund)
jane ko abhi office jaa bhi sakte hai, par barish aisa hi Greg to trains to kuch samay baat band hona hi hai, ghar wapas kaise aoge boat me??? (sent from Thane Stn.)
central railways have improved their services. there was a time when central railways use to stop seeing slight downpour. now a days public stop going to work in anticipation of large downpour and getting stuck in rail traffic.
Yeah what bout Dombivli
what is t status of badlapur Karjat train?
what's train's status  (sent from Neral Stn.)
What about Sion
where? (sent from Thane Stn.)
all friends who are in trains and in stations are requested to post about rain in their area and train status of that location, that information may be helpful to others so s  (sent from Badlapur)
wat abt kurla n sion ???
what is the st5of shahad  (sent from Shahad Stn.)
are trains working properly ????
mulund to kanjur stn ? (sent from Mulund Stn.)
what about sion??
are trains working ? (sent from Mulund)
what about sion??
 train running on time or they r stooped due to heavy rains ??? (sent from Kalyan)
r trains towards kalyan on time???? (sent from Mumbai Central)
what is status between karjat and cst
what about diva station (sent from Diva Jn)
are there trains working on time or not? 
what about ghatkopar trains (sent from Kurla Stn.)
what about trains but ?? working or not ???  (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
are trains running??? 
trains are running or not? (sent from Airoli Stn.)
any news about waterlogging??
what's the status of trains from ulhasnagar (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)
what about Badlapur train to cst it's eorking (sent from Badlapur)
what about kurla? (sent from Vithalwadi)
status from kurla?
Ghatkopar to CST wats the status? 
what about Dombivali Dadar (sent from Dombivli)
what about kurla line
what abt badlapur to cst trains? 
thane to ghat ko par status ??
parel  ka kya haal hai bhai ???? (sent from Dombivli)
any water logging between sion and kurla?? (sent from Seawood Darave)
are badlapur to kalyan trains running properly.???.. (sent from Badlapur)
Hey what up with Dombivli station 
you can reach office in mornig..but what about while returning
is there trains are running proper from vangani and badlapur station (sent from Shahad Stn.)
what is status from kalwa to bhandup (sent from Kalva)
what is train status in ambernath 
what abt badlapur to cst trains? 
what is status from kalwa to bhandup (sent from Kalva)
what is the central train status (sent from Bhandup)
what update Thane to kaylan ? (sent from Mulund)
sion-kurla waterlogging he kya? (sent from Bhandup Stn.)
what is the status of trains in central lines 
is asangaon trains are running ??
train chalu aahe ka??  badlapur to dadar 
thane to Kalyan ??
What's the situation of Kasara train...????
is there any problem in central railway?? (sent from Kanjur Marg)
what is train status from Badlapur
dadar to vikroli train status? (sent from Dadar)
train chalu aahe ka?  badlapur to dadar 
marunga???? (sent from Kalyan)
trains from Mulund to CST are on time? (sent from Mulund Stn.)
hey gys! can u plz inform mulund too cst ways r clear? or not!
train chalu aahet ka ? (sent from Mulund)
kurla to badlapur kya haal h ?? (sent from Tilak Nagar)
thane to kalyan train status? (sent from Thane)
Are trains from ambernath to CST running on time?? (sent from Ambernath)
mulund?any  idea (sent from Mulund)
is kurla dadar running or not ?? (sent from Panvel Stn.)
what about tyane to csmt
is train running on central ?
Ambarnath train 10 minutes leat (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)
hey gys! can u plz inform mulund too cst ways r clear? or not!
kurla to dadar status?? (sent from Thakurli)
Sion Station is flooded?  (sent from Matunga Road Stn.)
any where water logging in track (sent from Vikhroli)
Bhaai khud ki care karna fukrapanti kabse ho gaya?? (sent from Thane)
Good morning everyone what position train (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
BADLAPUR to cst train chalu hai? (sent from Badlapur)
hii Central line ka train chal raha hai kya ???? (sent from Dombivli)
what is status at Kurla Ghatkopar station
any updates from thane station? 
pls what a status of local train  (sent from Vithalwadi Stn.)
shame on those educated illiterate people who is asking (sent from Thakurli Stn.)
what's the status from badlapur station ??? (sent from Badlapur)
are trains late from Dombivli to C.S.T..?
ohh?
what about till sion
are trains working from Kalyan? (sent from Kalyan)
Any water logging on tracks?  (sent from Kalyan)
where is khopoli train ,pls update (sent from Dadar Stn.)
गाड्या चालु आहेत का? (sent from Kalyan)
thane to cst ? (sent from Thane)
ghantkopar onwards are CST fast trains stuck? (sent from Kurla Stn.)
what s the train status Tane to CST
what is status from Bhandup to parel (sent from Bhandup)
what is status from Bhandup to parel (sent from Bhandup)
local chal rhi hai naa Dadar se Kalyan Ka..? (sent from Kandivali)
vikhrole to dadar train chalu hai? (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)
train from thane to cst?
what about parel are trains on time from dombivli to parel (sent from Thakurli)
Kiti late aahet train? (sent from Diva Jn)
what can I do ? so confused  (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)
WATS is currently status of Kurla to cst ???
can you send a picture?? (sent from Dombivli)
shame on those educated illiterate people who is asking " trains chalu hai kya " ? instead of rolling back and see the status of trains (sent from Thakurli Stn.)
what is train status
is it ever to step outside in mumbai rain? (sent from Thakurli)
kopar to diva train chalu hai kya? (sent from Kopar Stn.)
how about local train update now (sent from Dombivli)
central railway running on time???
Badlapur se train chalu h?
Dadar to thane .. working ?? (sent from Elphinstone Road)
are trains working..? (sent from Bhandup)
what is dom to cst train status (sent from Thakurli Stn.)
what about cst status  (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)
anybody to cst can sent pics??
people who are travelling Pl update your status.. it will help all..lot of unnecessary comments being put
please tell mi what is the update on central railway on today (sent from Dombivli)
any train issued? (sent from Kopar)
thane to cst train chalu h? (sent from Airoli)
kindly update about thane . rains ? (sent from Nahur)
hi.. whats train updates? (sent from Bhayander Stn.)
bhai log aaj college jau ke nahi bandra me hai....??
kasara side ka status  ??
train suru ahet Kay?  (sent from Badlapur Stn.)
what about thane to ullhashnagar train  (sent from Nahur Stn.)
 r the trains on time? (sent from Nahur Stn.)
what's the status of central line? (sent from Kalyan)
ट्रेन चालू आहेत का ? (sent from Ambernath)
??? (sent from Thakurli Stn.)
is ladies spl train on time from Kalyan? (sent from Vithalwadi)
how tarin of central line slow or fast (sent from Dombivli)
can someine update me about Sion? (sent from Andheri)
where is your train now ??? what's d current status of train (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
what's status of badlpur to nerul
railway are running on time ? (sent from Thakurli)
train status from kurla to cst ? (sent from Kurla Stn.)
Kalyan to CST trains?  (sent from Thakurli Stn.)
train on central line are running or not? (sent from Vaitarana)
All updates till now say the trains are leaving. But any update from those in the trains? I mean if the trains are running well, who will have time to update that? (sent from Kopar Stn.)
but your location shows in Karjat?? (sent from Badlapur Stn.)
plz share the status of the train from kalyan to thane?  (sent from Vithalwadi)
what is the status at Parel? (sent from Kharghar Stn.)
and what about from sion to Vikhroli side??? (sent from Gtb Nagar)
Trains are available from thane to Cst? 
any idea of high tide? (sent from Thakurli)
what happened (sent from Mulund)
what is the status of train from karjat to kalyan (sent from Vangani)
what is status of central line  (sent from Santa Cruz)
anyone wanna play pubg? (sent from Thane Stn.)
bhai Ghansoli jaana h trains chalu h? (sent from Vile Parle)
what abt water at matunga...
trains at shahad? (sent from Shahad)
anyone for pubg? (sent from Thane Stn.)
Hi central lines trains are on time? (sent from Kalyan)
what status central line (sent from Mahim Jn Stn.)
train are running on time just 15 min delay now don't ask stupid question train chalu hai kya ?  (sent from Thakurli Stn.)
Is ladies spl train on time from Kalyan?????? (sent from Kalyan)
how Is central line from kalyan to dadar ? is it safe (sent from Kalyan)
central lines are working ? (sent from Dombivli)
wrong train indicator placed..no courtesy of at least display of correct train on indicator..because it was 15 dabba train .so many passengers confused..had to run around....no sympathy to customers...what service we get..even after paying for tickets  (sent from Gtb Nagar Stn.)
where is 7.50 khopoli fast (sent from Kurla Stn.)
any updates from Titwala? (sent from Titwala)
is there heavy rains in Mumbai? (sent from Kalyan)
hi what is the update about central railway local
train tym pr hai kya ? (sent from Vithalwadi Stn.)
puch rahe ho ya bata rahe ho?
bhai Ghansoli jaana h trains h kya? (sent from Vile Parle)
what is train status at kalyan?? I want to travel to Ghatkopar..water clogging anywhere??
track pe paani bhara hai ?  (sent from Badlapur)
what about trains from ullhasnagar to thane?
I traveled from Bhandup to Ambarnath now I have reached home. what should I do? (sent from Thane Stn.)
what is the status of train from dombivali to ghatkopar (sent from Kalva Stn.)
bhai Ghansoli jaana h trains h kya? (sent from Andheri Stn.)
are trains running between thane n ulhasnagar??
are the trains on time from shahad station?? (sent from Shahad Stn.)
train on time or not ? (sent from Badlapur)
what is situation at Sion ?
gtb and 15 coach train ??? (sent from Mulund)
is train running properly today (from thane to dadar)?  (sent from Thane)
are trains running on time nw??? (sent from Ambernath Stn.)
Are the trains delayed? (sent from Mumbra Stn.)
train status? (sent from Kalva Stn.)
what is the train status from ambernath to cstm (sent from Ambernath)
any pubg pro gamer? (sent from Thane Stn.)
thane to kalyan trains..?
trains between thane and And Airoli ?
badlapur??
are trains on time ?? (sent from Dombivli)
mulund to ghatkopar.. any update? (sent from Mulund)
sion matunga la pani jast ahe ka ? (sent from Vithalwadi)
what is status of train
train position between vidyavihar to mulund? (sent from Mulund Stn.)
are trains workn on tym? (sent from Vithalwadi)
trains chalu h kya ? (sent from Badlapur)
there should be an option of groups for all station separately so that it will be easy to know what is status (sent from Mahalakshmi Stn.)
Niklu kya?  (sent from Thane Stn.)
what's a status from dadar to ghatkopar
what is train status ? (sent from Kalyan)
bhai Ghansoli jaana h trains h kya? (sent from Andheri Stn.)
what is status from shahad to cstm (sent from Shahad Stn.)
train frm shahad? (sent from Shahad)
what about Badlapur, train are in time or not (sent from Badlapur)
trains chalu h kya ? (sent from Badlapur)
central line dooba ki nahi? (sent from Malad Stn.)
are trains running from dadar to cstm??? (sent from Santa Cruz Stn.)
trains status?  (sent from Dombivli)
what us the status for kalyan to thane ?
bhai Ghansoli jaana h trains h kya? (sent from Andheri Stn.)
is that a social chat site just wait n see previous message for status and who travelling only post status (sent from Kharghar Stn.)
what is the status between mulund and parel ? (sent from Kanjur Marg)
what is the status of thane (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
trains are running? (sent from Rabale)
plz help us to be safe. can anyone who is out n travelling, 
दादर csmt?? 
thane se kalyan trein chalu hai kya?
what about bandra train (sent from Thane)
? (sent from Ambernath)
 what's the stTus  (sent from Ambernath Stn.)
bhai Ghansoli jaana h trains h kya? (sent from Andheri Stn.)
what is the rain status nearby AMBERNATH (sent from Mahim Jn Stn.)
dombivali se train chalu hai kya?  (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
? (sent from Ambernath)
latest update on trains on central railway? 
hi central locals are running or not
status shahad to cst ? (sent from Shahad Stn.)
what about sion to Ghatkopar (sent from Gtb Nagar Stn.)
are trains on time? (sent from Vikhroli)
9th July, are morning trains running on time?  (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
ambernath trains running ok towards khopoli..?? (sent from Ambernath Stn.)
central were on time in the morning, what's the status now
are trains from CST to Kalyan ontime?
Badlapur trains any update?? (sent from Badlapur)
train from badlapur to thane working..?? (sent from badlapur) 
vahi to me bhi bol raha hu....sunta kon hai apni ni...train chalu hai ky...? bus karo...gar pe jake...so jao (sent from Dombivli)
every one ask only ?  (sent from Thane)
Thane to Panvel trn time war ahet ka? (sent from Thane)
what about Asangaon train thane to kadara (sent from Thane Stn.)
trains are runnning properly? (sent from Thane Stn.)
Vidya vihar to diva train working or not????
bhai Ghansoli jaana h trains h kya? (sent from Andheri)
water logging at thane station as showing in news.. is it correct?? any on e from sion matunga station update on water logging.. (sent from Kalva)
office jana hai ki nai?
bhai Ghansoli jaana h trains h kya? (sent from Jogeshwari)
what is about Kalyan,s train (sent from Shahad)
train working from mulund to cst ?? (sent from Mulund Stn.)
What is status of train at Kaly
kalyan to thane trains running or not? (sent from Rabale)
Thane to cst line ok?? (sent from Ghansoli Stn.)
how can u confirm from your station (sent from Mahim Jn)
what is the status of central line (sent from Vithalwadi Stn.)
kurla me pani bhar gaya h kya?? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
thane to panvel trains chalu h kya?????
hi friends not to take risk for life all of we are asking silly questions that train is running or not plzzz stay at home 
Kalyan - kasara working fine? 
Thx Mahesh is there water logging at Kurla ?
central line band hai kya aaj thane to Mumbai? (sent from Airoli)
train ka kya hal hai ?
bhai Ghansoli jaana h trains h kya? (sent from Jogeshwari Stn.)
vikhroli to sion situation? (sent from Vikhroli)
ठाण्या हून ट्रेन वेळेवर चालू आहेत का?? (sent from Thane Stn.)
guys what's status train between Kalwa to Dadar (sent from Kalva Stn.)
what is the current status (sent from Vithalwadi Stn.)
is too much rain der ?
hello ..are there train from kurla to CST? (sent from Tilak Nagar Stn.)
vo patri pe pani tumba hai to office Jana jaruri hai kya ?
hinhgad express train status? (sent from Karjat Stn.)
Ghatkopar to CST train status??? (sent from Vidyavihar Stn.)
Pls drop all plans on traveling in trains or on roads. This rain is not gonna stop. You will get stuck if you move out of house. just got a msg from Lord Indra that there will be a down pour today.. 😁 (sent from Mulund)
mulund to kurla ??
what is position kasara local (sent from Titwala Stn.)
are there trains running from kurla to CST?  there is delay. (sent from Tilak Nagar)
titwala to cst train r running or not? (sent from Shahad Stn.)
what is status of central line? (sent from Nahur)
what about Mulund
kalyan se train chalu he??? (sent from Vithalwadi)
from kalyan train r working ? (sent from Kalyan)
train band Jhale ka purna ? (sent from Dombivli)
tu mahismati ka "bahubali" hai....puch loge se.." me jaa raha hu...kaam pe, mere sath aayega kon..? (sent from Dombivli)
what is status of central line? (sent from Nahur)
Bhandup to Thane????? (sent from Bhandup)
shahad to cst train are on time?? (sent from Shahad)
cental line se cst ki aur train kya slow chal rahi hai ??
hi what is the status of thane to cst
kalwa station me pani bhar gya h ??
what is status for sion (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
bhai Ghansoli jaana h trains h kya?? (sent from Jogeshwari)
current status of mumbra Railway Station...??
bhai Ghansoli jaana h trains h kya?? (sent from Jogeshwari)
is der water loggibg at any plac?? 
trains running on time?
train from Shahd to Asngaon??
bhai Ghansoli jaana h trains h kya???? (sent from Jogeshwari)
bhai Ghansoli jaana h trains h kya???? (sent from Jogeshwari)
center line chalu hai kya? 
Deccan express kalyan aake gayi kya?  (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
what about central line
central line is running or Not
koi btayega office jau ya na jau?  (sent from Dativali)
what's the status???????
thane to airoli status? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
When there is a train blast, all of us go to work next day. When it pours heavily our spirit is watered & we sit at home. MERA BHARAT MAHAAN, AUR BHARATIYA USSE BHI MAHAAN. (sent from Dombivli)
centeral line chalu hai kya? 
what status about central line (sent from Ambernath)
what is status of Thane Panvel route (sent from Mulund)
Ghansoli jaana h trains h kya???? (sent from Jogeshwari)
train between Bhandup and thane...?? 
Ghansoli jaana h trains h kya? (sent from Jogeshwari)
can anyone tell if trains are running between thane can't?
badlapur to csmt train status kya hai? (sent from Badlapur)
mumbai me kya chaal rahaa he? (sent from Kopar Stn.)
where is khopoli train (8.06am at mulund) (sent from Mulund Stn.)
what is current status (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
what status about central line (sent from Ambernath)
raining heavily in mulund. any waterlogging elsewhere?  (sent from Mulund)
what about Ghatkopar (sent from Kurla)
Ghansoli jaana h trains h kya? (sent from Jogeshwari)
is trains running from Ghatkopar to Thane?
trains status at parel ??? (sent from Gtb Nagar Stn.)
what is the position of water logging at kirla sion (sent from Nahur Stn.)
dombivli to Andheri status? (sent from Nilje)
hi status of Ambarnath Ulhasnagar...?
pochinki ka train kaisa hai? (sent from Thane Stn.)
kalyan to badlapur train chalu ahe ka? (sent from Kalyan)
water-logging at any station? 
Ghansoli jaana h trains h kya???? (sent from Goregaon)
Mulund ka kya haal hai ?
rain status in AMBERNATH?? (sent from Bandra)
karjat to thane status ? (sent from Neral)
trains current status ? (sent from Kopar)
train status from bl?  (sent from Badlapur)
train status?? (sent from Virar)
status of kopar? (sent from Kopar Stn.)
trains running on central line?
kalyan to csmt going on time?  (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
Are Thane to CST trains on time? 
titwala cst on time?? (sent from Shahad Stn.)
Maharashtra Kamagar Sena requesting you ok don't move any where bcz havey rain today be at home if possible. Jai Hind Jai Maharashtra  (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)
What is Status at Sion  (sent from Thane)
titwala to thane train status??? (sent from Titwala Stn.)
train,statua from Dombivli to thane station ?
is there any train frm vithlwadi to thane (sent from Vithalwadi)
status kya hain central line ? (sent from Kalva)
are trains good?from mulund to kurla? (sent from Mulund)
are trains on time from vidyavihar to cst??? (sent from Vithalwadi)
koi bol Raha band hai koi bol Raha chalu hai??
are trains running? (sent from Shahad)
is train running from dadr to vikhroli properly? is there water logging anywhere? (sent from Vadala Road)
fast trains are 20-25 mins late where as slow train are 10-15 mins late...so plan your journey accordingly (sent from Mulund)
Asangaon CSMT ruing regular?  (sent from Vasind Stn.)
than to kalyan train is running??? (sent from Thane)
what is d status of rain in kurla and Sion. (sent from Kalva)
my clg is in vidhyavihar..and I m right now in Dombivli...should I go to my clg?? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
 , ,;?/*::-"©\ 
hamari office chalu hi kya?? (sent from Vithalwadi)
is it raining in kurla? (sent from Mumbra)
is there train from ambarnath to mulund 
can anyone update status of bhandup?  (sent from Lower Parel)
fast train status? 
what is the status of central line train??
is thane - badlapur train running?
thane cst??? (sent from Kalva)
90% people are asking train chalu hai kya? it's means no one is ready to go for office. . then stay at home Nd take rest . . 😂😋 (sent from Mulund Stn.)
train status at sion ???? (sent from Gtb Nagar Stn.)
kurla Sion what the status? (sent from Thakurli)
pani bharle aahe so plz gharich rha madam (sent from Thakurli)
who said  (sent from Bhiwandi Road Stn.)
how do you know that? (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)
really? Trains not proceeding kurla? (sent from Ambernath Stn.)
Nikhil please just wanna update u that trains r late more than 2 to 3 mins late by 15 to 30 mins so pls don't give wrong information to other advice to u (sent from Thane Stn.)
any update from kalyan to mulund?
any update from sion/kurla?
what is the status of central line
train status thane-ghatkopar?
which is this office I Wana join (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)
thane mein Traffic hai kya???
what about trans harbor line? It's running pon time or not?
is trains are running properly?
high tide at 8:45? (sent from Kalyan)
trains om time?? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
Are thana trains going properly?  (sent from Thane Stn.)
What is the position from Kurla to Matunga ??  (sent from Thane)
मरे वेळेत आहे का ? (sent from Dativali Stn.)
are trains on time?
status for train towards karjat? (sent from Bhandup Stn.)
is the trains running time towards kalya  (sent from Nilje)
is this true (sent from Kalyan)
is train available from kalyan to dadar?
everybody just put train status & update from various stations. ..mdont put nonsence stuff ......for chat what's app is there (sent from Badlapur)
kisine kurla cross kiya kya?
are trains on time?? (sent from Mulund)
gm what about train
what status titwala to CST fast train... (sent from Titwala Stn.)
does anyone know whether deccan has crossed kalyan or not?  (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
Kurla to dadar? (sent from Panvel)
Vikhroli se late train hai kya? (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)
wat is status of train at thane stn towards cst?? 
what's the downside train status? are Kasara asangaon trains running on time 
ulhasnagar se trains chlri h kya proper ? (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)
shahad  to mulund train status ??
good morning frds, what is current status of train betwn mulund to cst (sent from Mulund Stn.)
What the status vikhroli to kurla (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)
Sion station any update on water logging?
are trains as per schedule ? (sent from Thakurli)
train are running properly?????
Me Jaa raha hu Kam pe mere sath aayega kon? Kitni bhi barish gire mere sath train me fasega Kon? Bahubali scene as per current situation.  (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
train is running on time? 
what is the status about thane to gansoli are train on time? (sent from Mira Road Stn.)
what's current status of train  (sent from Kanjur Marg)
Thanks and hats off to passengers  who are replying patiently to all question under adverse circumstances (sent from Shahad)
whats iz the status?
kya nahi chal rahi???? (sent from Kopar)
train working? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
status at bhandup station? (sent from Nahur)
train from badlapur to cst status ,?? (sent from Badlapur)
what is the status of train from thane to cst (sent from Rabale Stn.)
everything is fn all of you in train chat kindly report office  (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
central railway is working na....from Ambivali ?
 what is the train status from kalva to ghatkopar ? (sent from Kalva)
what about trains from Thane to CST? 
8:18 Thane train from kalyan?
kalyan cst ka kya haal hai?  (sent from Kalyan)
Ulhasngr se train let haii kyy.??
Ulhasngr se train let haii kyy.??
what's local train status now
pani kaha kaha h?.... trains jam hone ka chance h?
train??? (sent from Dombivli)
is train on time...? (sent from Kalyan)
Mulund to ghatkopar train?  (sent from Mulund Stn.)
is it raining there? (sent from Vithalwadi)
Is everything okay between Dadar and Thane(Central line) ?
train running status ??? (sent from Nalla Sopara)
hii..what is the status from thakurli?? (sent from Thakurli Stn.)
what is status of trains from Dombivli ? are trains on time ?
are the trains late? (sent from Gtb Nagar)
downside train status? (sent from Kalyan)
situation at Thane station? 
are trains running on time ? from Thane to cstm  (sent from Kalva)
train on proper time ?? (sent from Dombivli)
diva?  (sent from Dativali)
what about central line status (sent from Cotton Green)
डोंबिवली ते दादर ट्रेन चालू आहेत का??? (sent from Dombivli)
train status in central line from thane to dadar pls update?? (sent from Titwala)
trains chalu ahet ka ????
what about thane to Ghatkopar bound trains? (sent from Mulund Stn.)
are trains running today? (sent from Vikhroli)
how do you know this being at Airoli? (sent from Thakurli Stn.)
what's the news
hi what is the status of central line (sent from Vithalwadi)
Is there any water logging at Kurla or Sion....??? (sent from Nahur Stn.)
what about train from thane to CST..? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
what abt kurla sion matunga is there water logging  (sent from Thakurli Stn.)
what about train status kalyan to cstm (sent from Andheri)
can anyone update about Thane? 
thane to Dadar train chalu ahe ka ? (sent from Kalva)
trainS are running normal? (sent from Kalyan)
कल्याण-बदलापूर लोकल सुरु आहे का...? (sent from Shahad)
are trains on time ?? (sent from Kurla)
sure? 
what is the status CST to kalyn train btother (sent from Vidyavihar)
Sion la Pani bharale aahe ka? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
Trains r on time from kalyan to CST?
are the trains running on time from dombivali to Kurla? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
thane to CST train status ?
really? (sent from Vithalwadi)
Ulhasngr se CST ka status btao na ??? bhai log (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
status of thane to dadar line?! (sent from Ghansoli Stn.)
anyone reached Dadar?
trains are working on time?? (sent from Kalyan)
Asangaon to CSMT train running on time? (sent from Vasind Stn.)
how about trains from dadar to badlapur side (sent from Vithalwadi)
what is the status for mumbra to byculla train???? 
CST to Thane train status ??
what about trains (sent from Mulund)
are trains from Thane to CST running on time? (sent from Kalva)
Dadar to Kurla... any delay..  ?
From Thane to klyn working???
please update on central line train running status to and fro thane? (sent from Mulund)
shahad to CST train are working? (sent from Shahad)
what about thane  to Ulhas 
trains are running from kalyan?? (sent from Ambernath)
It should be officially declared a holiday today by the government, the speed at which it's raining reminds me of 29th September 2017. (sent from Thane Stn.)
how is the status of train  (sent from Badlapur)
trains working fine? 
abhi train chal rahi hai par baadme kya?
train status??? (sent from Gtb Nagar)
Kalyan to thane train status ?
what about Kalyan Kasara???
what is status of DOMBIVLI TO KURLA track
what is the status of kasara trains? (sent from Kalyan)
what about trains from Kalwa... (sent from Kalva Stn.)
from Thane to klyn working????
trains from sion to kalyan? (sent from Vile Parle)
agar kisi ki urjent meeting hai office me to yahi karo..... i am sure saare employees m indicator ki chat me paani bharne ka wait kar rahe honge😂😂😂 (sent from Mankhurd Stn.)
Kurla to Dadar what is status ?
don't ask stupid questions like what is status of trains and all. Just look at condition outside and use common sense. it would be crazy to step out of home today (sent from Mulund)
anybody at Kalyan station.. what's the status of Kalyan - CST trains
trains???? (sent from Dombivli)
diva to cst trains update?
Are the trains running from Kurla to Thane??? (sent from Tilak Nagar)
बदलापूर ते ठाणे ट्रेन काय परिस्थिती आहे..?? (sent from Sanpada Stn.)
what is the position of train are there is no rain & trains running smoothly?    (sent from Thakurli)
what about Kalyan to karjat
what the status of sion 
hi status of Ambarnath Ulhasnagar...?
trains running from dombivli towards CST now? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
are panvel trains available?
trian is working? (sent from Mulund)
what's the status of trains???? 
are trains on time?? (sent from Dombivli)
Kalyan to CST ? (sent from Mumbra Stn.)
sion??? (sent from Kandivali Stn.)
status of train frm thane to cst? (sent from Thane)
I that's train running on time or not
what is the status of Sion matunga stations
tiwala to cst? (sent from Ambivli Stn.)
what is d current status of train from kalwa to cst
train on time ? (sent from Kalva Stn.)
what is current status of train??
you are right....everyone is just asking what is status of train......please send updates those who are traveling in train (sent from Mulund Stn.)
kurla to Kanjurmarg?
status from dadar to chembur? (sent from Nalla Sopara)
gulab train chalu aahet ka ?
locals running on time?? (sent from Mumbra Stn.)
Kitna late? (sent from Kalva)
What is the status of locals fram Neral to csmt
Way is a status of vithalwadi station? (sent from Vithalwadi)
what about trains from ambivali to thane
are trains running from sion and kuthla? (sent from Bhandup)
diva to cstm train update ?
trian are on time? (sent from Mulund)
Mulund to csmt status....? (sent from Mulund)
are trains running from sion and kuthla? (sent from Bhandup)
central line chalu hai? (sent from Vikhroli)
panvel trains milega?
central line train are on time? (sent from Kurla)
any one here from vithalwadi station? (sent from Vithalwadi)
no water logging at sion station ??? (sent from Gtb Nagar Stn.)
Trains status from Kalyan?? (sent from Kalyan)
what about ambernath to cst (sent from Ambernath)
panvel trains chalu hai?
8:13 cst train from kalyan just left... also friends who started early have reached CST... no major train issue so far  (sent from Kalyan)
train are late ? (sent from Kalva)
what is the status of trains in thakurli station (sent from Thakurli Stn.)
train's Time par hai kya???? 
kurla to Kalyan what's the status? (sent from Mankhurd)
what's the status of trains
trains status?? (sent from Mulund)
andheri- CST chalu hai?
N 1 @ Ambernath what th status of trains
hi trains are running properly from dadar to thane? (sent from Malad)
is there train running from kalwa to kalyan (sent from Kalva)
train status?? (sent from Mulund)
dude.. seriously? (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
what is situation at thane
status at kurla station please?? (sent from Mumbra)
what stause
what's the running status of local train from Kalyan to CST,any water logging anywhere,pls response anyone (sent from Kopar Stn.)
what's the train status to Kurla ? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
Trains are on time? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
kajurmarg to kalyan train chalu hai ?? pls update (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)
central trains are late ?? (sent from Vikhroli)
sahydri CST aaj jail Ka?
where it has reach
how much time is it taking to reach to csmt from Thane? (sent from Thane)
thane to cst ?
gm friends...what's the current status fm Kalyan towards cst (sent from Kalyan)
what about karjat to kalyan trains  (sent from Neral Stn.)
are trains on time from Shahad?? (sent from Shahad)
why  (sent from Airoli)
is there heavy rain in south Mumbai.. it will be easy tk predict if train will stop or not
what is current train status
what is central line position on ambernath CST line (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
train working? (sent from Mulund)
train status Kya he central line ka ? (sent from Gtb Nagar Stn.)
thane to cat what is the status?
ambernath to Kalyan???????
what is current train status
are trains running on time in central line? (sent from Kalva Stn.)
what is status of trains (sent from Bhandup)
sion train status? 
which train coming in Thakurli (sent from Thakurli)
trains working on time? (sent from Vidyavihar Stn.)
ambarnath to cst ???? (sent from Ambernath)
what's status at sion?
train band ahe ka....? (sent from Vikhroli)
train is proper running or not 
bhigi bhigi sadko pe...kya?? gaa rha h wapas😅😅
ladies special lefl or wat?  (sent from Dombivli)
what's the status of water logging in Sion, Kurla, thane, Ghatkopar?
on which train ? (sent from Mulund)
are trains on time? (sent from Shahad)
Trains' status at Dombivali pls ??? (sent from Nilje)
central line's trains r running or not? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
how is the Kurla station
kalwa  thane stn la pani sachla ahe ka?? (sent from Kalyan)
what is status of train sent from thane (sent from Thane)
what about Bhandup? (sent from Bhandup)
To go or not to go that is the question.कामाला जावं की नाही हा एकच सवाल आहे!! ह्या तुंबलेल्या लोकलच्या उकिरड्यावर गर्दीचा तुकडा होऊन प्रवास करावा बेशरम लाचार आनंदानं? की फेकून द्यावं हे देहाचं लक्तर गप घरच्या बिछान्यावर? आणि काढावी दिवसभर झोप? आणि सांगावं सगळ्यांना की नका जाऊ तुम्हीही! तुला, याला अन
what d Status between Kelawali to Lowjee ? any update ?
what is central line train status??  (sent from Ambernath)
central line chalu aahe kai? (sent from Dombivli)
status of thane station? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
train running to dadar ? (sent from Airoli)
trains are in time or not
are central line trains running?  (sent from Ambernath Stn.)
kalwa stn la pani bharla ahe ka? (sent from Kalyan)
what's train status towards CST (sent from Mulund)
badlapur- thane? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
Are trains running on time between CST and Thane ? is it raining in Thane ? (sent from Cst Stn.)
what about Kalyan to Thane train status
what about ulhasnagar to byculla (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
train is running or not
tell me about kalyan to CST are on time? (sent from Kalyan)
Sion ka kya haal hai? (sent from Sion)
ek game ?? (sent from Kalva)
What is status in kurla?please answer . (sent from Kurla Stn.)
15 mins late Kya? (sent from Ambivli Stn.)
what status of ambernath train 8.27
what about thane CST train? (sent from Mulund)
It will be crazy to step out today guys, maybe you will reach your destination now but how will you return in such weather? (sent from Mulund)
are th trains working? (sent from Ambernath)
what's about var train 
is it a good day to work or not
thane to dadar train running status ?
what about Abernath ....? (sent from Vikhroli)
can people have some brain and stop typing 'hi' and ' what's the status' stop spamming the chat with unnecessary statements and questions
what's the status in Mulund. I have still not left home (sent from Nahur)
their was annoucement at thane station that some trains will be cancelled and trains are running late (sent from Thane Stn.)
What about kurla  (sent from Nahur Stn.)
yeah plz tell?
what is the current setuation in central line
what about karjat to cstm (sent from Shelu)
when is high tiDe
is there logging in kurla  (sent from Nahur Stn.)
are trains running and what is the situation at sion?
what about ambernath (sent from Vikhroli)
what is the status of trains guys ??
kurla ko paani bhara hau kya? (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)
guys any idea about central line ?
water logging in sion ?
what about kalyan (sent from Vikhroli)
where is the thane train (sent from Kopar Stn.)
where do you stay in Mulund? (sent from Nahur)
thane ke aage train ja rahi hain kya? (sent from Dombivli)
how do u assess the situation sitting @ ulhasnagar!
what is d status of train
what about ulhasnagar?
what about badlapur (sent from Vikhroli)
train are running or not
what is status between kalwa to bhandup..?? (sent from Bhandup)
what about badlapur and Asangaon side
what the status from kalyan?  (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)
status from Badlapur ? (sent from Badlapur)
what is the status of train from badlapur to sct
what about kalyan (sent from Vikhroli)
thane to CST? (sent from Thane)
where 
Ila adigithe ela Tirupati. Nuvvu station reach ayyava??
what is the status of Central train ? (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)
Are trains running between Dadar - Vikhroli??  (sent from Charni Road Stn.)
what about Kalyan and Ulhasnagar  (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
what status from titwala to cstm  (sent from Titwala Stn.)
hello what is the current situation to central line
badlapur cst? (sent from Badlapur Stn.)
what about kasara are trains running towards? (sent from Shahad)
can someone confirm if trains are working fine between dadar to Vikhroli? (sent from Kings Circle)
trains are running on time ?
डोंबिवली वरून दादर ला जाण्यासाठी  ट्रेन चालू आहेत का ?
ambarnath to cst train chal raha hai???  (sent from Ambernath Stn.)
Are trains running between Karjat to Dadar??
@tejas rokade abhijit doke ko pehchanta h kya?
source?
Those who know swimming, can leave for office. (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
what is the status of mulund train
what abt sion (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)
what status andhei station
are you still at mumbra station? mubra to kalyan locals are working ? 
How are local train services ? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
are thr trains running fine between Ghatkopar to CST ??? (sent from Matunga Road Stn.)
what the current status for kalyan to cst locals (sent from Kalyan)
what is status at Thane station
is there any train running on time (sent from Dombivli)
?
plzz.... tell me the mulund station situation???  (sent from Mulund Stn.)
what about ambernath to thana route?
airol to thane train are closed....those people  who want go in accenture ..  reliable tech park....then dont go (sent from Badlapur Stn.)
what is the status of trains? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
kurla station flooded? (sent from Nahur Stn.)
Thane to airoli trains chalu aahe ka? (sent from Virar)
any stetus from badlapur?
Bohot zyada late hai kya???  (sent from Kurla Stn.)
when trains will stop?😂 (sent from Rabale Stn.)
are trains running ? I m in kandivali should I start or not ?
anybody reached at Cst.. or nearby stn?  (sent from Thane)
thane to csmt chalu h kya?? (sent from Thane)
what is the status of local trains (sent from Mumbra)
?
what about kurla guys ? (sent from Mankhurd)
Dombivli to CST local train status pls? (sent from Dombivli)
what is the status of trains at Thane station?
not working means exactly where stuck ? and why? (sent from Thakurli)
sion cha status kay ahe???
Did anyone has information about Vasai Panvel passenger train status?? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
are trains running ? (sent from Airoli)
? 
is airoli  to thane  trains are stopped ? (sent from Airoli)
is trains running on time from ambernath to CST? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
it's raining what in mumbai (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
dombivli to thane train status? (sent from Dombivli)
train r running or not ? (sent from Sandhurst Road)
Please update waterlogging status of Kurla, Sion & Matunga?
what about Kurla ?? (sent from Kalva)
what about 8:34 fast kalyan to cst (sent from Shahad)
tains chalu hai kya badlapur to CST ?
is there anyone at Mumbra Station..what is the current situation..
what about mail/exp. trains from Nashik to Thane? are they running?
what about Dombivali (sent from Dombivli)
are trains running properly?
when will the trains stop running? (sent from Bhandup)
Sion station ka kya status hai?  (sent from Kurla Stn.)
what is the status of today's train badlapur to kurla (sent from Badlapur)
Any update for diva to cst trains?? (sent from Kanjur Marg)
what is the train statua (sent from Badlapur)
Can someone update me about sion? (sent from Bandra Stn.)
what is the status of Thane to kalyan train?
kalyan to sion train chalu ahet ka????
trains are running ?from kalyan
what is the running of train from Badlapur to cst
are trains running on time? reply karo yaar 11 baje exam hai thane mein  (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
where did it reached now? pls update thanks (sent from Badlapur)
central line kurla to kalyan kya scene hai ? (sent from Kurla Stn.)
what is the current statusbof kalyan local train 
what is train status today? 
Ulhasnagar to Thane status?? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
is trains running on time from ambernath to CST ? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
what about 8 . 45 Dadar
any update from Kalyan to CST??
what is local status of central railway (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
what are they announcing?  (sent from Badlapur)
train chalu ahet ki nahi mulund to thane ?????? plz rply  (sent from Mulund Stn.)
trains r running on central??? (sent from Nahur)
titwala to cstm train running stutaus?????? (sent from Titwala Stn.)
??
dombivli to thane status? (sent from Dombivli)
sion to ghatkoper working?  (sent from Sion)
How is the train frequency in Nahur? (sent from Airoli)
what is the status of the trains today???
Central line chalu hai kiya???  (sent from Mumbra)
trains are start or not
how is the waterlogging in Thane?
what is train status diva to CST line  (sent from Diva Jn)
trains are working fine?  (sent from Vikhroli)
What about dadar
what is the status of central line 
trains working? (sent from Thane Stn.)
are there trains from Kurla toward kalyan? (sent from Santa Cruz)
are trains running properly from dombivali? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
If I have to take a train from goregaon to cst which platform no I have to take
is it feasible to leave for cst now from Thane ????
Is train ok from dombivli ? (sent from Dombivli)
what is the trains position
how much slow (sent from Ghansoli Stn.)
sion?? (sent from Andheri Stn.)
status at thane??
from Sion to ghatkopar...are the trains running? (sent from Gtb Nagar Stn.)
dadar to ulhasnagar chalu he kyA ? (sent from Lower Parel)
what's the train on dombivili to cst
what update of train (sent from Airoli)
Hi train ka Kya status hai ? (sent from Mumbra Stn.)
what train running position
what is current status of central railway (sent from Vangani)
train ka kya status hai ? (sent from Bhiwandi Road)
Kalyan to thane?????
train status from shahad to cst?? (sent from Shahad Stn.)
any trains to karjat?
Thane to CST working? (sent from Thane Stn.)
what is the status of the train from dombivali to Thane ...?
What about up going train from cstm to kalyan (sent from Masjid Stn.)
kurla? (sent from Rabale Stn.)
thane to cst trains working?  (sent from Kalva)
what about asangoan train (sent from Thane)
gys what s d status from thakurli to thane (sent from Thakurli Stn.)
are trains running ??  (sent from Sanpada Stn.)
what's the status of the trains from ulhasnagar towards CST? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
Kitnaa delay h train????  (sent from Ambernath)
any update regarding central train?  (sent from Ambernath)
what's the status of trains from KALYAN to CSMT ?? (sent from Kalyan)
 dombivali to cst ki train. chalu hia kya ??? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
any update from Badlapur  to CST trains? (sent from Badlapur)
what about khopoli to CST (sent from Bhivpuriroad Stn.)
what is train status??? (sent from Dombivli)
what si update kalyan to cst
? 
which college
is 8.24 thane cst fast in time? (sent from Mulund)
Water logging hai kya kalyan to Thane? (sent from Shahad)
sure?? (sent from Vile Parle)
CSTM train chalu hai kya? (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)
what is d status of central line (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
trains running kya?
it's raining at Mumbai???  (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
why continue asking train is running on time or not better then stay safe in home n spend  Monday like Sunday in home with family they also not worried for u after u left home for work in this heavy rain  (sent from Ambernath)
what situation from dadar to vidyavihar..? (sent from Bandra Stn.)
trains running? (sent from Chembur Stn.)
thane cst is working or not 
train status?? (sent from Gtb Nagar)
Titwala to Thane..? 
where is khopoli train  (sent from Vithalwadi Stn.)
status in Thane station towards CST?
train status from kalyan to dadar?? 
what is the status of Thane to dadar ..??  (sent from Kalva)
started from where?
kidhar? 
can anyone tell about bhandup? (sent from Bhandup Stn.)
Train status from vithalwadi to Thane?? (sent from Vithalwadi)
CST to thane?
how much train delay from Thane to vstm
are central lines working?? (sent from Kandivali)
is train on time? (sent from Nahur)
what's local strain status at Kalyan?
are trains working on time ?
what is train status from thane to cst (sent from Kalva)
what's the status about thane to csmt trains? (sent from Koparkhairne Stn.)
Kalyan to Karjat?? (sent from Mulund)
what is the train running situation from titwala to cst (sent from Titwala)
What status of central line (sent from Kopar)
kurla to Ghatkopar running?
status?
any update from badlapur to cst train?  (sent from Badlapur Stn.)
Please sand khopoli train where (sent from Vithalwadi Stn.)
trains are running?
Karjat train status plz?  (sent from Dombivli)
status of ambernath-csmt?? (sent from Ambernath)
mulund to ghatkoper train is runing ? (sent from Mulund Stn.)
status?
karjat trains h?
what's status
what is the train status on central line?  (sent from Nahur)
what is the status of Central railway (sent from Marine Lines)
what is status  (sent from Shahad)
I guess you can guarantee what will happen after 1hrs.. superman in making
I am planning to go to Bandra, what's the status of Borivali to Bandra line?
status?
?? (sent from Nahur)
what is current train update??? (sent from Mulund Stn.)
are trains on time? (sent from Thakurli Stn.)
train chalu h???   (sent from Gtb Nagar Stn.)
Thakurli from kurla train running yes ya not..? (sent from Thakurli)
badlapur csmt train  status?? (sent from Badlapur)
Where's now khopoli train please reply (sent from Vithalwadi Stn.)
Mulund? (sent from Mulund Stn.)
what about asangaon train (sent from Borivali)
what about dadar to kasara plz any one help me 
are trains working fine from ambernath?
what is the status about thane to ambernath
sure bro????
mulund to dombivli trains ? status ? (sent from Mulund)
thane to dadar trains daud rahi hai barabarse kya ? please update  (sent from Mulund Stn.)
what is train status from kalyan
thane to kalyan. what is the status (sent from Thane)
which news channel (sent from Bhandup)
kurla to vikroli working ? (sent from Govandi)
what is diva to CST train status anybody idea ??! (sent from Diva Jn)
badlapur? (sent from Badlapur)
badlapur to Thane trains?  (sent from Badlapur)
what is status of trains from thane to cst
is Sion station waterlogged? Thane - CSMT (from Thane) (sent from Thane)
what is the status between Kalyan to Thane  (sent from Shahad Stn.)
Dadar se Ghatkopar train is working or not ..?? (sent from Jogeshwari)
How's DADAR Thane route?  (sent from Jogeshwari)
is train there from ambernath and ulhasnagar? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
which stn? (sent from Kalyan)
status at Sion? (sent from Seawood Darave Stn.)
how's bhandup to kurla  (sent from Nahur)
now what is current status  (sent from Shahad)
central line train on time or not? (sent from Thane)
what's the status of centeral line (sent from Vikhroli)
what is train position to  CSTM from Kalyan Station 
what about mulund to cst? (sent from Mulund Stn.)
hi, status from dombivli please? (sent from Thakurli)
what is the central line status (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)
Pl. update are running on time??  (sent from Chinchpokli Stn.)
Any update from kurla ? (sent from Kurla Stn.)
ok. so plz update when u reach Sion . thanks (sent from Seawood Darave Stn.)
is it? from how much time? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
any updates about ghatkopar to airport area?
Vo bahar agr barish ho rhi ho... toh office jana zaruri hai kya ? 😂 (sent from Ghatkopar)
Trains are running little late because of rains but we don't know whether raining will stop or not...so if you want go...go on your risk that u have another source to come again home (sent from Dombivli)
what is d status of sion station  (sent from Borivali Stn.)
what status of trains from Mulund to Dombivli? (sent from Mulund)
status at sion? waterlogging??
thane down trains are not working right?  (sent from Bhandup Stn.)
are the trains working properly from ambernath to cst???
ambernath to CST????(plzz reply anyone)
cst to thane???? (sent from Grant Road)
any water blockage update at any station?
can someone tell what is the status @ Byculla
krula station ka kya haal he ?? (sent from Mulund)
is there water logging on Sion station (sent from Kalva)
what is the train status at mulund? towards kalyan  (sent from Mulund)
khopoli trains r on time or not? (sent from Kanjur Marg)
what is train status (sent from Kalva)
trains aare working??  (sent from Dahisar)
bhandup to thane is it working train? (sent from Bhandup)
what abt mulund stn (sent from Thane)
Thane to Ambarnath or Badlapur? (sent from Thane Stn.)
bhandup se kalyan train chalu hai kya? (sent from Bhandup)
hi what is the train status (sent from Kanjur Marg)
what is status between Dadar to csmt (sent from Jogeshwari)
kurla to dadar train working ???? (sent from Kurla Stn.)
train status from thane to cst? (sent from Ghansoli Stn.)
are trains running???  (sent from Vasind)
hi what's the status of dadar to Thane ?
ghatkopar to dombivali train chalu ahet ka??
bhandup se kalyan train chalu hai kya? (sent from Bhandup)
 are the trains working on central line? (sent from Airoli)
nahur to thane what is the status (sent from Rabale)
Kalyan to CST Any updates???  (sent from Vithalwadi)
train status towards ambernath from dombivli?
train status from thane to cst? (sent from Ghansoli Stn.)
what is the status of train  (sent from Kalyan)
what about cst trains form Thand  (sent from Vithalwadi Stn.)
Ghatkopar to cst Kya situation hai?
gm guys , what's status for Ghatkopar to Dombivli ?
what is the condition of train on central line
whats the status? are trains running from thane to CST?
what is the current status from Thane ?? (sent from Kalva)
trains status??
what is the status of Central line  (sent from Titwala)
Are trains crowded as usual or few people are out due to rain? 
what's the update abt train
mumbra to cst??? status plz (sent from Mumbra)
what is the train status between dadar thane (sent from Jogeshwari)
thane to bhandup?
Is Thane - Dadar route waterlogged? (sent from Thane)
Ambernath madhe late ahet KY....???
Central train status pls?? (sent from Badlapur)
trains are on time? from mulund to cst (sent from Mulund)
what is the status of trains from dadar to ghatkopar?
what is the status of thane station? ?? (sent from Nalla Sopara)
current status sirji????  (sent from Mulund)
if any one have complete their resign process what should they do????
what is the condition in Mumbai
are trains running today? ??? (sent from Nalla Sopara)
can anyone  give  update  on thane  to vidyavihar  (CST)  trains?  (sent from Koparkhairne Stn.)
thane to catch trains update please?
what is train status between dadar thane (sent from Jogeshwari)
what is status for diva to thane (sent from Mumbra Stn.)
How CR Trains are runnin (sent from Thakurli)
kurla to ghatkopar is working?  (sent from Khandeshwar)
what is train? (sent from Thane Stn.)
is there water logging at mulund stn?
information abut slow or fast trains ?
what about karjat train? (sent from Badlapur)
what's the status of central railway dombivli to cst (sent from Dombivli)
vithwadi status? (sent from Vithalwadi)
is all central line trains are working properly inbetween kalyan to CST? (sent from Kalyan)
Trains are running confirmed by Central Railway. just asked my friend who works for them (sent from Nahur)
what is the position at Kurla Station?
thane se kalyan chalu hai kya?? 
central line running status?
what about thane to badlapur
Titwala to thane ka kya news hy? 
what is the status Dombivli to Karjat (sent from Mumbra Stn.)
what is the status at vithalvadi  (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)
why are we even chatting on this train updates, do we really think we get out in such rains, unless it's an emergency. please stay at home.   (sent from Kopar)
your at Kalyan dear? 
what is the current status from kalyan (sent from Kalyan)
Govt of Maharashtra issued a special award for those who are asking stupid question train chalu hai kya , are trains running on time, train status etc (sent from Thakurli Stn.)
Sion duhba ? (sent from Mahim Jn)
wgetger trains are running from badlapur ?? (sent from Badlapur Stn.)
Ghatkopar  to  thane  trains  are  working or not?  (sent from Ghatkopar)
mulund to kalyan train status ? (sent from Mulund)
pls confirm trains situation from mulund? (sent from Mulund)
what about karjat (sent from Borivali Stn.)
When They Can Collect Their Special Award?
what is the status at Kalyan Station.. (sent from Shahad)
diva to cstm tren chalu hai kya ? (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)
status of trains from Thane to Kalyan? (sent from Thane Stn.)
should i go to college or not? (sent from Thane)
are trains running late?
is thane  to  vidyavihar  (CSt)  trains  are running on time?  or  it is safe  to  go (sent from Koparkhairne Stn.)
what is the status of dombivli to cst train ...any update please
what about harbour line ? (sent from Sandhurst Road Stn.)
csmt train  status from ambernath ?
trains from thane to cst?? (sent from Kalva)
everyone is only asking questions. No answers?
Ghatkopar to Thane trains are working....? (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
what is tran status (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)
what Status of kalwa ?
did you go to station and checked?  (sent from Kalva Stn.)
nerul to cst is the training going?  (sent from Nerul)
vidyavihar to cst train are working? (sent from Vidyavihar)
traines are running or not???  (sent from Kalva)
Thane to CST status please? 
what abt mulund
Kurla to Thane train status? (sent from Kurla)
unable to decide whether to start or not? (sent from Badlapur Stn.)
what is the status of train from Kalyan to Cst
thane to kalyan trains status ? 
trains from mulund to cst? (sent from Mulund Stn.)
no issues any where from thane to cstm I reached office noww (sent from Cst)
train from mulund to cst ? (sent from Mulund Stn.)
is waterlogging in thane? (sent from Dombivli)
Instead of sharing correct info poeple out here are creating panic situation. Yes there are rains and trains r late but trains r running smoothly. All trains are only 10 to 15 mins late. In town there is no heavy rains due to which trains r running smoothly (sent from Kalyan)
hello... Central rail is working on time? 
are trains running? (sent from Kalyan)
no it's not working on time ?  (sent from Thakurli Stn.)
what situation Kalyan to dadar (sent from Kalyan)
what is status between kalyan and thane pl reply
what status of kopar (sent from Kopar)
trains on time?? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
can anyone tell me,  8.40 dadar to ambernath train has deparch or not?  (sent from Byculla Stn.)
got ladies special from thane which was 15 mins late (sent from Mulund)
trains are running kalyan to dadr???
badlapur to CST on time? (sent from Badlapur)
trains are running or not? (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)
what is latest update (sent from Thakurli)
hello ....from thane to Kalyan train ka kya status hai...? (sent from Airoli)
what is the status of central line plz (sent from Vidyavihar)
hello, r trains on time ? late by how many minutes ? (sent from Kopar)
what about kalyan to ghatkopar (sent from Kalyan)
are trains running between Thane to Dadar? (sent from Rabale)
amber nath to cst what is the present status pl help (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
what is the running status between kalyan to cst
When i was typing to Boss ... He suddenly Replied kuch bhi type kar Offoce to aana hi padega... #mumbairain (sent from Karjat Stn.)
train are on timing or not 
Ghatkopar to Kalayan trains are available?  (sent from Vadala Road Stn.)
trains are on time. what kind of a sorcery is this??? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
what abt kurla
what is train status from badlapur to thane
what is the train status from shahad to cstm (sent from Shahad)
Dombivali to Badlapur chalu ha Kay?
matunga sion me pani bhara hai kya? (sent from Elphinstone Road Stn.)
thana to csmt chalu hai kaya??? (sent from Mulund)
What about Mulund to CST 
mumbra  stn ka plz koi bataye kitna late he ??
kalyan to thane train status????? (sent from Kalyan)
are trains running on central line? (sent from Chinchpokli Stn.)
What about from mulund to cst?? (sent from Mulund)
is Kasara train on time?  (sent from Kalva)
what is the current  status now im at mulund...
what about shaad to thane (sent from Shahad Stn.)
what about thane to diva (sent from Rabale)
bandra to vadala trains on time?  (sent from Nerul)
kurla to dadar status? (sent from Kalamboli)
what is the train status (sent from Kopar Stn.)
Ghatkopar to matunga train status ??
karjat cst train kuthe ahe which is 9.07 from ambernath (sent from Ambernath Stn.)
what is status at kalyan stn  (sent from Kalyan)
bhai log central line ki kya suchna hai ?? (sent from Diva Jn)
बदलापूर ते ठाणे ट्रेन चालू आहेत ना ?? (sent from Koparkhairne Stn.)
trains are running in central line???
how much min late (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
Kalyan to Karjat train chalu hai na ? (sent from Kalyan)
?  (sent from Vidyavihar)
are trains working on time from titwala to cst? (sent from Titwala Stn.)
what status of running local train (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)
Kurla ka koi update?
kurla to dadar status? (sent from Kalamboli)
trains running? (sent from Nilje Stn.)
what about Thane to Ghatkoper  (sent from Thane Stn.)
How's train running in central line today (sent from Chinchpokli Stn.)
kurla to kanjumarg ka Kya status hai ? (sent from Govandi)
बदलापुर ते कल्याण पर्यंत रेल्वे चालू आहे का ? (sent from Badlapur)
what is dombivali station status? (sent from Dombivli)
Are trains kind of late??  (sent from Badlapur)
any update on Sion kurla crossing?  (sent from Masjid)
tuje kaise pata ? (sent from Thakurli Stn.)
dombivali to ambernath status?
wtf at kalwa station??? (sent from Kalva)
dnt make kiosk. trains r late by 10 to 20 mins... but running... hats off to motorman..... dnt सात Thx n hi n questions.. 1st chk all chat...  (sent from Thane Stn.)
what about Kurla, Sion is there water logging
Thane to cst are trains working?  (sent from Thakurli)
where do.you work...please let us know if any vacancy there...😉
trains ka kya status hai? (sent from Karjat)
how late are trains on central ?
kurla to dadar status? (sent from Kalamboli)
mulund to Dombivali?? (sent frm mulund) (sent from Kalva)
train from mumbr to CSt running or not?
Ambarnath to CSTM train status..?? 
what about badlapur train towards Mumbai? (sent from Badlapur)
Are trains on time from badlapur??  (sent from Badlapur)
are trains in harbor line running on time? (sent from Byculla Stn.)
trains are on time?
what is the current situation of train .. in central line ?
Is there a train running from CST to karjat (sent from Mulund Stn.)
thane k aage chalu hai kya train? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
what's the status of central train ? (sent from Kanjur Marg)
what is the position at thane ?
Train Barobr aahet kay? (sent from Dombivli)
what is the position at thane ? (sent from Kings Circle Stn.)
hiiiii what's update thane to cstm pl (sent from Vidyavihar)
trains status at Dombivli??
train chalu aahet ka ???
train is working?
ghatkopar update?
are trains on time??  (sent from Badlapur)
train status towards CST from Badlapur?? (sent from Badlapur)
what is status for kalyan to Thane fast train
train chalu hai kya?
what about the status of thane trains 
are train are moving in Kalwa or thane ??? (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)
Are the trains fully crowded??  (sent from Badlapur)
Ghatkopar to Dadar status?? (sent from Kings Circle)
any water logging near bhandup stn ? (sent from Jogeshwari)
what  is status of hurbal line train (sent from Bhandup)
are they running late?  (sent from Thane)
ulhas to karjat, available hai kya ? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
what about ghatkopar to dadar trains status?? (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
ambernath se trains chaly hain??? (sent from Ambernath Stn.)
what is train status from Vithalwadi to thane ?? (sent from Vithalwadi Stn.)
are trains passing through Sion and Kurla? (sent from Koparkhairne)
same bro , that's why I'm giving them funny answer to embarrass (sent from Thakurli Stn.)
Is it???
what is the position of the trains between dadar to Thane?  tell me any one please .
kurla to ghatkopar working??
मध्य रेल्वे ट्रेन चालू आहेत का ? (sent from Chembur Stn.)
hiii.. central line ki train chalu hai kya ?
kalyan ke liye sufficient trains hai kya?
are the trains on time?
dombivli to thane trains working ?? (sent from Kopar)
what about the trains position friend? (sent from Vithalwadi)
what is train status from shahad  (sent from Shahad Stn.)
is there any problems between byculla to kurla
vashi to vadala working? (sent from Saphale)
ulhasnagar to dombivali train chalu hai ky ?  (sent from Ambernath)
how is it from Dadar to kurla (sent from Goregaon Stn.)
trains are running? what abt kurla to CST 
  what about thane from kalyan?
trains are running? what abt kurla to CST 
since when and how long no train? (sent from Thakurli)
trains are running? what abt kurla to CST 
what is the trains status are trains fine from Vithalwadi to Ghatkopar  (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
what stetus about local (sent from Dombivli)
train status from thane? (sent from Belapur Cbd)
what is the train status from dombivali to cst? (sent from Dombivli)
train chalu h kya.. Ulhas se..? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
can i book ticket online from mumbai central to Dombivali? how? 
last 25min train are stop before kalwa...what happining??? (sent from Kalva Stn.)
Are trains running ??
are central trains running late from kurla to thane? (sent from Kurla)
central train are working ok ? (sent from Karjat)
Don't take risk...why you going... (sent from Ambernath)
Is there water logging in or near kanjur station? 
what about todays train status in betn kalyan to aasangaon (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
today's trains schedule are proper?
cst to thane?? (sent from Charni Road)
kindly avoid thane station. waterlog every where. even uf yiu get trains they are hqrsly gonna move (sent from Thane Stn.)
is there is a train from sion to thane (sent from Sion Stn.)
trains r on time?? (sent from Kopar Stn.)
is trains are working till ghatkopar from dadar? (sent from Parel)
is train chat blocked?
central railways update?  (sent from Ghatkopar)
internship Jana hai Thane to jogeshwari .. should I go ?
how bout Khopoli route... train running on time der?  (sent from Marine Lines)
ulhas nagar to karjat train is on tym or not?? (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)
today's trains schedule are proper?
are train passing through Vitthalwadi station? (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)
 what about nahur to cst??  (sent from Airoli)
what is the status of trains from Vithalwadi ?? (sent from Vithalwadi Stn.)
any idea about situation from Byculla to Kurla?? (sent from Mumbai Central Stn.)
what is status of central line train s (sent from Thakurli Stn.)
tula sutti pahije ka?
Mumbra to CST chalu hai kya??? please replay
central lime slow trains are running. ? (sent from Vidyavihar)
Dombivali to chicpokli trains update ? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
what about karjat train
what about ghatkopar station? (sent from Kandivali)
What is situation of thane kurla route (sent from Thane)
trains are running on central line??
train chalu h kya? Ulhas se.. ? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
is the local train on time from kalyan (sent from Kalyan)
what about badlapur (sent from Badlapur Stn.)
what about vidyavihar to cst? (sent from Vidyavihar)
and are autos working in thane?
update from dadar to kurla? (sent from Vile Parle Stn.)
train runNing or not
 Any update about the central line....????? (sent from Ambernath Stn.)
is the train running in time from Ambernarh (sent from Ambernath)
All thane starting trains are cancelled. those who rely on them don't go to station. there is water logged and hardly any trains  (sent from Thane)
any update abt Sion to Kurla? (sent from Gtb Nagar Stn.)
karat cst local trains running in time? (sent from Karjat Stn.)
dadar se mulund jane train r wrking?? (sent from Nalla Sopara)
what about Ambarnath to cst. coz it's still raining heavily (sent from Ambernath Stn.)
 dadar to thane status???
Kalyan to cst train status? (sent from Shahad)
thana cst chalu hai kya???  (sent from Koparkhairne)
this facility is only for girls or boys can also call? (sent from Vithalwadi)
ULHASNAGAR se thane train चालू है?  (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
Thane to Ghatkopar ??
are trains working properly frm mulund to cst? (sent from Mulund)
what about kalyan to cst (sent from Vithalwadi)
what's train status 
anyone tell what about shahad to CST train status (sent from Ambivli)
thane tak hi chalu hai kya...? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
what is status from Dombivali to thane?? (sent from Dombivli)
Trains are working for Kalyan to cst????? (sent from Vithalwadi)
what about central line (sent from Thane)
Is there water loging at kurls (sent from Thane)
yes, does it make sense some asking status of train which is scheduled after an hour ? I mean kaha se atey hai yeh log (sent from Thakurli Stn.)
what status train at diva (sent from Diva Jn)
are trains on time? (sent from Thakurli Stn.)
how many late central lines  (sent from Kurla Stn.)
what train status (sent from Vikhroli)
what is update from shahad  (sent from Shahad Stn.)
dadar to ghatkopar?? (sent from Kandivali)
when trains started working? (sent from Karjat Stn.)
thane to Ghatkopar train running or not ??? (sent from Airoli Stn.)
Are trains available from parel ?? (sent from Parel)
batao yaar? 
kasara side trn tym pe hai Kya? (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)
m indicator walo train ka GPS leke live update ka feature update nahi karo warna ye chat ka feature kaam nahi karega.  barish aur train k safar se zyada log chatting enjoy kar rahe hai (sent from Vithalwadi Stn.)
what about kurla to thane??? (sent from Sanpada)
is there any possibility of trains getting stopped...?? (sent from Kopar Stn.)
what is the status of kasara train. (sent from Koparkhairne Stn.)
those who are still in home do not leave as central railway already cancelled many trains  (sent from Vashi Stn.)
what's about Ghatkopar to masjid (sent from Ghatkopar)
Pani kaha bhara hey?   (sent from Badlapur Stn.)
Any updates on Pune express?? are they working? planning to leave in the afternoon..
trains aion se aage chaalu hai kya? (sent from Mulund)
trains runs every day  late by 20-25 mins?  what is today's situation? 
Kalyan to Titwala suru ahet ka??? (sent from Rabale)
hello..i got update that about thane station taht there is water logging on platform 3 and 4..is it true can someone confirm from thane station? i have to go to kalva (sent from Kalyan)
who is ready to walk with me on tracks!?
current status of trains from bhandup? (sent from Bhandup)
thane to vashi suru aahet ka? (sent from Kalva)
everyone knows that trains are running. so just send those messages which helps other commuters.
what's the train status now? in Neral.  (sent from Neral Stn.)
badlapur thane train any status ?
what about today's railway update? (sent from Badlapur Stn.)
what's the exact status 
what is status from Dadar to Thane  (sent from Sewri Stn.)
train at kurla? (sent from Vidyavihar)
?  (sent from Bhandup)
what about delay train between Mumbra to Ghatkopar  (sent from Mumbra)
koi train cst poch rahi hai kya?? (sent from Mulund Stn.)
kalyan to  thane train status? plz
what is the status of train Dadar to Ghatkopar (sent from Virar)
what about vidiya vihar station  (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)
ambarnath to thane anyone?? please
Dombivali? 
ठाणे to Badlapur train status?  (sent from Thane)
what's current  status of central railway train  (sent from Vikhroli)
thane to badlapur train chalu hai kya?  (sent from Thane Stn.)
what's the train status now??
fokat time pass mat karo chat par, chup chap jaldi sab office pahocho (sent from Matunga Road)
what about mulund station? Trains are there? (sent from Kurla Stn.)
what is the status of trains from Kurla to Ghatkopar (sent from Bhayander)
what is the train situation after thane (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)
any update from thane to parel?
how about ambernath
Anyone there at shahad station?  (sent from Shahad)
train chalu aahe ka ??? kalyan (sent from Kalyan)
?? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
what is a central line status
Is train running between Dadar and CSMT? (sent from Chinchpokli Stn.)
thane to badlapur train chalu hai kya?  (sent from Thane Stn.)
Dombivali to Ghatkopar running late ? (sent from Dombivli)
water logging at Kurla ???
status of trains in central line?  (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)
what about 9:05 dombivli local...is this available?
trains from cst to ambernath are running? (sent from Reay Road Stn.)
ghatkopar stationla pani bharlay kaa? please sanga... (sent from Kandivali)
are trains moving from thane to CST??? (sent from Ambivli Stn.)
are the trains late? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
ambernath cst running ?? (sent from Ambernath)
what's the status right now in central side??  (sent from Badlapur)
update from Kurla to Ghatkopar? (sent from Bhayander)
Is central trains are running on time?
what about Kalyan to CST (sent from Kalyan)
hello what is status of central railway (sent from Vikhroli)
are trains working from badlapur?
what is the status at kurla? (sent from Gtb Nagar Stn.)
internship ko Jana hai thane to jogeshwari .. niklu Kya ?😅
Thane to cst status ? (sent from Kalva)
from Sion to ghatkopar are they working? (sent from Gtb Nagar Stn.)
where r u i m at school (sent from Mulund Stn.)
are trains on time?  (sent from Mulund)
hi friends I am in neral pls tell me train are running on time or not ? I have to go in csmt.
what is the status of tain  from mumbra 
thane to dombivali chalu h ? (sent from Thane Stn.)
how's condition at thane st?
Trains r running properly from Thane ? please reply (sent from Thane Stn.)
Thane to Badlapur status ????
tain ??? (sent from Mankhurd)
train running from thane to dombivli??? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
those who are in train or platform give status as #intrain or #onplatform we'll trust this hashmark guys (sent from Kalyan)
is central working? 
what's about train Dombivali to Bhandup its better to travel 
are trains working from Thane till ghansoli?  (sent from Kanjur Marg)
how about in train (sent from Kalva)
central line working? (sent from Sandhurst Road Stn.)
kurla to dadar status ??? (sent from Kurla)
what is the status of matunga station ?  (sent from Vikhroli)
is central line from thane working at the moment? (sent from Thane)
what is the condition of Thane station? (sent from Dombivli)
15 coach train where is reached... kalyan fast (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
what is the status of trains to cst?? (sent from Mumbra)
What is the of Thane to CST  (sent from Mahim Jn)
hello guys what train schudule (sent from Sion)
pl kind request railway's authority & GRP as well as RPF, mark IN & OUT on upper level of every door, both the side of in every coach. This will help all humankind those who fell gentlemen, they all get one side and boarding people will use another side during when crowds. Helps know getting down.   (sent from Airoli)
from Dombivali to cst what is the status 
Whats a status at Badlapur ??? (sent from Badlapur)
are locals running on Central line? (sent from Airoli Stn.)
Is there water logging in Sion Kurla (sent from Currey Road)
Status at mulund station? (sent from Mulund)
it's raining what in mumbai plz tell (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
kurla to thane? (sent from Belapur Cbd)
Are Central Line trains running? (sent from Masjid Stn.)
what about Kurla (sent from Nalla Sopara)
kela status? (sent from Kalva)
Dombivli trains made gardi ahai ka? (sent from Kopar)
how long is it taking to reach dadar from thane? (sent from Thane)
kurla status? (sent from Kalva)
Pls help........ Is central railways towards thane is frequent.  ? (sent from Chunabhatti)
what is the status of train from mumbra
what is status of central train
train status?  (sent from Dombivli)
any news from ambernath to Thane ? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
kurla? (sent from Nalla Sopara)
what is status of sion station  (sent from Sion)
trains from thane to CST?
train ?? (sent from Nilje)
trains running properly ? (sent from Kopar)
??? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
Trains working? (sent from Nahur Stn.)
trains are running, but what about road conditions in mumbai,  (sent from Ghatkopar)
what is the status from Titwala
Mulund to Thane??  (sent from Mulund Stn.)
kurla to thane status? please (sent from Kurla Stn.)
thane to vashi train  status ?? (sent from Nilje Stn.)
Guys trust reply from who use hashmark as #intrain or #onplatform ....  (sent from Kalyan)
train running status ?
what is status of central line train? (sent from Vikhroli)
Dombivali station javal Pani ahai ka? what about rush in train? (sent from Kopar)
is cr trains are running in time? (sent from Dombivli)
r u serious??? (sent from Shahad Stn.)
what is the information badlapur to thane (sent from Badlapur)
is train working from shahad? (sent from Shahad Stn.)
express chalu hai kya...?
kyu train band hue kya ? (sent from Kalyan)
is there water logging outside mulund station  (sent from Kalva)
Dombivali station javal Pani ahai ka? what about rush in train?
what is status for kalyan (sent from Kalyan)
how is it from dadar to Vidyavihar (sent from Goregaon Stn.)
sion kurla ? (sent from Shahad)
trains chalu hai ? (sent from Nahur)
what is the status of central line. does train is moving to cst?
Dadar to kurla status please?  (sent from Kings Circle Stn.)
really ???
vikhroli to parel kya status hai??  (sent from Vikhroli)
9:07 ka? (sent from Shahad)
Kalyan to CST? (sent from Kalyan)
Diva se cstm Show train chalu hai kya...? 
are trains running fine or are they taking time to reach stations? (sent from Thane)
Trains are working??? (sent from Parel)
is there water logging outside mulund station  (sent from Kalva)
ghatkopar to cst status? (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
take care even if we leave home rain won't allow us to return? (sent from Vadala Road Stn.)
what is the status of train are they running properly  (sent from Kanjur Marg)
what is the status from vikhroli to thane? (sent from Vikhroli)
down side ki train start hai? (sent from Mulund Stn.)
what's the situation in kalwa (sent from Thakurli)
are trains towards cst running?? (sent from Ambernath Stn.)
is the trains running till kurla??? (sent from Nilje)
how much (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
why is th
andheri to cst trains?? (sent from Andheri Stn.)
anyone at Mumbra station????
train status from kalyan? (sent from Kalyan)
what about Dombivli to vidhyavihar? (sent from Kopar Stn.)
9:04am @Thane, Kartat CSMT reached thane at 9:29am (sent from Thane Stn.)
hi what is the status of trains
what's the status between mulund and parel  (sent from Mulund Stn.)
what is the status off sion station
what is the current train status? (sent from Nilje)
what is status of Kalyan to CST (sent from Ambernath)
thane to Dadar any update.????
trains from Titwala to Dadar?  (sent from Titwala Stn.)
bhai Mulund me heavy water logging h kya ? (sent from Andheri Stn.)
current status plz.?? (sent from Mumbra Stn.)
train status kalyan to Dadar?  (sent from Kalva)
what's the status of central line trains ? (sent from Kalyan)
 what the issue now in thane ? (sent from Dombivli)
what about trains between Dadar and csmt (sent from Currey Road Stn.)
what to text (sent from Shahad)
khapoli to cstm time pe hai kya? (sent from Matheran)
what about Kasara?
Central train status?
what to text (sent from Shahad)
what about ,dadar to mulund  (sent from Elphinstone Road)
train Status please central lines are running or not? (sent from Bhiwandi Road)
water logging in kurla station?
is training on tym? (sent from Vidyavihar Stn.)
are trains available from thane to vashi? (sent from Boisar)
bhandup to parel?  (sent from Bhandup)
dombivali to dadar? (sent from Parel)
what is the train stuas? 
dadar to thana status ?? (sent from Lower Parel)
 kalyan to asangaon train running or not? 
anyone running from mumbra??
what abt between ghatkoper to Thane?
trains ?????
is there any 🚆 issues between titwala to Kalyan today (sent from Titwala Stn.)
are trains from thane to cst working fine????
Kurla to Vikhroli status please? (sent from Kurla)
train is on time?? (sent from Kopar Stn.)
trains on central track is running on time or not
can someone pls confirm if there is any water logging issue in thane or kalwa ? (sent from Dombivli)
what uou want to listen (sent from Bhandup)
Mumbai Express train no. 11042..  is there any status ? (sent from Vasai Road Stn.)
what about sion (sent from Kings Circle Stn.)
what about thane?
what about mumbra to ghatkoper?? trains are running or not? 
trains from ghatkopar to cst are on time? (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
are the VT trains on time?  (sent from Koparkhairne)
central line chalu h kiya sir? (sent from Mira Road)
are the VT trains on time?  (sent from Koparkhairne)
what u expect (sent from Bhandup)
Are all trains running ?
arw trains running from Sion to Kanjur? (sent from Bandra)
train is working?? (sent from Mulund)
what about the than status (sent from Airoli)
what is the train timing
what about Sion (sent from Nalla Sopara Stn.)
what is status for central railway from Mulund to dadar station (sent from Mulund)
what's the status at Kalyan station towards CST ? (sent from Shahad)
is the central line working fine??..delayed is ok (sent from Dadar Stn.)
AMBERNATH to thane rail r running properly???
Any update on Cst to ghatkopar?
trains working from Kurla to Vashi?  (sent from Ghatkopar)
is train running from kurla to thane?
slow train or fast? (sent from Badlapur Stn.)
but going ahead of sion na?? (sent from Mulund)
what about sion (sent from Thakurli)
status between Thane and Ghatkopar?
Vikroli ke aage train chalu hai kya? (sent from Badlapur Stn.)
what about trains towards karjat (sent from Karjat Stn.)
is the central line between Thane and cst working fine?? delayed Is ok (sent from Dadar Stn.)
is any slow train approaching mulund(towards Cst)?  (sent from Mulund Stn.)
what situation at thane station
slow trains towards CSMT ?? from Kalyan ?
what about trains  (sent from Dombivli)
what is current status of thane
I need to travel from Vikhroli to Parel... should I leave or avoid?  (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)
what's situation on thane station?? (sent from Badlapur)
anybody from sion station? any update from sion matunga (sent from Mulund)
8.53 chi badlapur kuthparyant pohochli aahe ? (sent from Kalva)
asangaom local from thane? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
what's the current status???? 
thane vat train s are running? (sent from Thane Stn.)
what is status of train running from thane to vashi/nerul?
anyone running from mumbra to vidya vihar ????
kurla to ghar ko par is train running?
Thane to Byculla status?  (sent from Thane)
what's the current status guy's (sent from Kopar)
are slow trains running from Thane??
Status of trains from Ghatkopar towards Dadar? (sent from Ghatkopar)
anyone at Mulund ?? (sent from Andheri)
sagar you here? (sent from Byculla)
thane cst train s are running? (sent from Thane Stn.)
status of trains running between Kalyan to Thane???? (sent from Dombivli)
are trains reaching cst?? (sent from Thane)
what is status from Ghatkopar to cst (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
How's train running in central line (sent from Mahalakshmi)
what's current status from badlapur to csmt???  (sent from Vangani Stn.)
central line still running or not? (sent from Parel)
what is the train status from ulhasnagar to cst (sent from Ambernath)
any problem ?? (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)
dombivali to cst chalu h ???  (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)
train chalu hai Kya?  (sent from Seawood Darave)
what's the status of trains from Ghatkopar to CSTM? (sent from Vidyavihar)
what's the status of trains frm Kalyan?  (sent from Thakurli Stn.)
what is train status??  (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
hi friends. what is trains status from Thane to cstm (sent from Mulund Stn.)
condition of ghatkopar?
are trains running from karjat?
what update thane (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)
are trains working?
what is status from Sion to Kanjur Central line
what's the scene at Ghatkopar station
badlapur? (sent from Badlapur)
vidhyavihar to cst train is running on time? (sent from Vidyavihar Stn.)
Any water logging at Kurla station? (sent from Mulund)
dadar to thane status??
is there any problems between Kalyan to Thane (sent from Dombivli)
any update on Andheri to CSMT trains ? (sent from Andheri)
are trains on time in Dom? (sent from Dombivli)
 whether trains from ghatkopar to airoli running on time? (sent from Vidyavihar)
are trains working between Thane and kanjur???? (sent from Kalva)
Kon bolala? (sent from Badlapur)
kurla to thane is train running? (sent from Govandi Stn.)
mumbra se train se chalri kya?
central line chalu hai kya??
 is train running on this route??? And do you know if there's availability of AUTO ?? Or I should go for Thane
r u serious? (sent from Kalyan)
trains r running? (sent from Thakurli)
status of thane station???? please anyone responsible person give guidance (sent from Mulund)
anybody update about Sion Matunga ?  (sent from Mulund)
thane to cst chalu hai kya?
thane-cstm trains are working???? (sent from Nerul)
is it train ontime from badlapur to thane? (sent from Badlapur)
bhai log please help. wanted to go to thane frm mumbai central. are trains working?? plssss help. (sent from Kings Circle Stn.)
What is the status of Thane to Vashi trains?  (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)
where r u noq
for those who want to go to office leave early from the home train are slow but running no issues... for those who want holiday its heavy raining should not risk water on the tracks  
where is ladies special now (sent from Sion Stn.)
any status from kurla and sion???
What is the Local train status between Mulund to CSMT? (sent from Mulund)
anybody at dombivli station?  (sent from Dombivli)
what is the status of cst to kasara( towards kasar side) trains (sent from Kurla)
what about Dadar station?
is train on time from ghatkopar to thane..?
from CST trains are running or not? (sent from Nerul Stn.)
Sion update? (sent from Kurla Stn.)
hi trains are running on time or not?  (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
wht is the status at dombivli?  (sent from Dombivli)
from cst to currey road? (sent from Gtb Nagar Stn.)
what is status of trains for karjat downside?
what is status from kurla to thane (sent from Chembur Stn.)
what about Vikhroli to thane train status (sent from Vikhroli)
sion station water logged???????
any update about kalyan ??? (sent from Ghansoli)
what is situation for cst to dombivili (sent from Sandhurst Road Stn.)
central Roy are working???? (sent from Nahur Stn.)
how about badlapur station;???
any Train status for Nahur to CSMT?  (sent from Nahur)
what is the status (sent from Dombivli)
Pls update mumbra to kurla train started or not
what is the status of central railways? (sent from Churchgate)
train status Ghatkopar to kanjurmarg?? (sent from Ghatkopar)
what is the status of Shalimar ltt express (sent from Sion Stn.)
train status??? (sent from Diva Jn)
kalyan jane ko train hai ki nahi ulhasnagar se? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
what is d status of train
asking or telling? (sent from Kalva)
what status about Mumbra to Nahur (sent from Mumbra Stn.)
Anyone travelled to Vikhroli from Dadar? How much time did it take? (sent from Matunga Stn.)
what about badlapur
what is status of bhandup to kurla (sent from Nahur)
anybody at dombivali station... wht is the status?  (sent from Dombivli)
thane to cst? is there flooding in between the stations??
Trains are on time or not??? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
how are the trains from shahad to cst (sent from Shahad Stn.)
what about CST to thane train.... please update  (sent from Lower Parel)
karjat downside trains status?
Any update about train timings? (sent from Kalva)
status of trains from thane towards CST? (sent from Thane Stn.)
is train running on time? (sent from Badlapur)
waterlogging hai kya kurla station pe? (sent from Mulund)
Whats situation at dombivli stn?
train status from ghatkopar to cst? (sent from Chembur)
what is the status from ghatkopar to Kalyan..tell any one plz
any update about train timings? (sent from Kalva)
kaha se news mili hai? 
 hello, train are working ? (sent from Charni Road)
kalyan train are running ????? (sent from Nilje)
metro ka status kya he ghatkopar se? (sent from Shahad Stn.)
any update for train timing? (sent from Thane)
what's the status (sent from Badlapur)
trains late h kya?
train for dadar from thane milegi kyaa?? (sent from Airoli)
any updates from mulund? (sent from Badlapur Stn.)
thane what's the status?
are train running from Dombivli to Vikhtoli? (sent from Dombivli)
kalyan to CST?? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
CST janare trai chalu aahet ka?
where is kasara train (sent from Titwala Stn.)
any update from Thane?? (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)
thana train are working? 
News about trains?  (sent from Kanjur Marg)
kalwa to thane is working? (sent from Kalva)
is there train delay in central line
train chalu h kya towards vikroli?
is the train running right time today
any update from mumbra stn...??? (sent from Mumbra Stn.)
Ghatkopar to Kalyan trains running or not? (sent from Andheri)
Dadar se Kalyan train chalu hai kya ?  (sent from Matunga Road Stn.)
trains between ulhasnagar to dombivli are on time?? (sent from Kopar)
What's the status between Dadar Vikhroli??  (sent from Charni Road Stn.)
what is right then! (sent from Nilje)
kalyan to cst train time hai kya..?? (sent from Shahad)
trains are late or on time? (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)
kalyan train are running????? (sent from Nilje)
train status* ?? (sent from Dockyard Road Stn.)
what about slow train from mumbra to cst. are the running late
is there a delay in central line
are trains delay ed today? (sent from Thane Stn.)
what is the status of trains from dadar towards Thane? (sent from Vadala Road)
kurla to. Dadar is working?
Cst to Karjat trains are running on time? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
trains at titwala side chaluu h? (sent from Ambernath)
now kalyan to CST??
hello what the status of ghatkopar can should I travel? (sent from Dombivli)
dadar to CST what status of train 🚆 (sent from Dahisar Stn.)
nilesh... was stuck between Thane and mulund from an hour... somehow I reached mulund and took the train back to home... when I messaged I'd already reached diva... got clear scenario?  (sent from Kopar Stn.)
is it tru that water has logged in kalwa?? (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)
What is the status of trains from kalyan to Thane? (sent from Shahad)
what about kurla station  (sent from Thane Stn.)
this train ran properly till it crossed the tunnel.. after which it halted now n then.. finally reached Thane staion.. Thank you Railway.. (sent from Thane Stn.)
trns working beyond kalyan?  (sent from Kurla Stn.)
what's train status today (sent from Thakurli)
trains are running fine...so those who are hoping of leaves , forget it😂 (sent from Kurla Stn.)
where is 15 car train from Kalyan (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
any train issue between sion matunga? (sent from Kalyan)
mcd nahi jaana hai kya...??? (sent from Matunga Road)
what is the status of trains CST towards vicroli
kopar to shahad trains?  (sent from Kopar Stn.)
what about Goregaon to CST?  (sent from Goregaon)
what status train dadar to CST (sent from Dahisar)
Dombivli to csmt train chalu ahe ka? 
what about trains from dadar to kurla (sent from Gtb Nagar Stn.)
thanyachya pude train chalu aahe ka? 
is train working from dadar to thane? (sent from Dadar)
central line status? 
what is status of kurla station. (sent from Thane Stn.)
how slow are train services
Mulund station pe trains h kya ??? (sent from Thane Stn.)
what is status thane to ambernath train  (sent from Airoli)
goregaon to cst?????  (sent from Goregaon)
Is there any problems in central lines (sent from Diva Jn)
are the trains running from thane to ghatkopar? (sent from Kalva)
 What is the status of trains from shahad to CST? Are they working properly?  (sent from Vithalwadi)
NEWS FROM MUMBAI CENTRAL RAILWAY................    BHAI LOG ITNA SARA CHAT  OR QUESTIONS KARKE KOI MATLAB MAHI BANTA.................      JO GHAR PE HE O SIRF READ KARE..........OR...... JO PLATFORM PE HE O UPDATE KARE........ TABHI KUCH REAL SOLUTION MILEGA.....     WE SHOULD CHANGE PLAZZ
People who are praying that there should be floods just because we don't want to go office but there are thousands of people (including slums) who will suffer due to heavy rains.
what status thane to ghatkopar 
what's the current status of trains? (sent from Airoli)
MATLAB only 20 min delay?? (sent from Nahur)
please tell me what about central line train status  (sent from Mulund Stn.)
is there trains are available from thane to mulun?
what's the status of trains from Diva to Thane? (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)
thane to kalyan train? 
sion to cst train running?? (sent from Gtb Nagar)
hello ... styfk between kopar and diva .. train not moved since 5 mins. any issues in kalwa thane ? (sent from Diva Jn)
are trains running from thane to cst ?
what about Badlapur?  (sent from Badlapur)
Whose permission are you asking for? (sent from Nilje)
what about Dombivali to cst 
ghatkopar to cst ??  (sent from Ghatkopar)
what about Badlapur to catch?  (sent from Badlapur)
what's the status... conflicting news coming from various mediums... CR says trains running in twitter (sent from Shahad)
so the buses would be crowded too right?  (sent from Mulund)
Thane to Ulhas Nagar? 
tu Tiger hai na? (sent from Nahur)
Can someone confirm. train status from Mulund ? (sent from Dombivli)
status of train from Ghatkopar to Thane?
kasara to csmt train chalu he kya?
what about ambernath train
what is current status centarl railway ... (sent from Dativali Stn.)
are trains running from cst to dombivali slow?  (sent from Ghatkopar)
???? (sent from Mulund Stn.)
are trains running from Ghatkopar to Thane? (sent from Kandivali)
Are the trains proper from thakurli to sion? (sent from Thakurli Stn.)
is there any problem with the thane train.. i stay in seawoods  (sent from Seawood Darave)
condition from thane to khela? (sent from Thakurli)
what is the condition in badlapur?? (sent from Dombivli)
what about sion station  (sent from Gtb Nagar)
as per news medium that fast track is completely stop
is there watetr logging at KALWA station? (sent from Mulund)
what about ambarnath train???
what is status train diva (sent from Diva Jn)
kurla to dDar conditions? (sent from Thakurli)
central line me trains block ha kya ?? (sent from Gtb Nagar Stn.)
is any train for vikroli (sent from Kopar Stn.)
Why railways not making any announcement at Station about the status of train in honest and correct way. instead of making trains running late by 10-15  minutes .  (sent from Thane)
badlapur se trains on time hai kya? (sent from Badlapur)
train are running or not
what is central line position ?
thane ke aage train ja rahil hai kya ??? (sent from Kalva)
train exactly kitne mint delay hai?  (sent from Ghatkopar)
can any 1 suggest i want to go kalyan every thng is ok or not ? (sent from Grant Road)
thane to turbhe? (sent from Dativali)
Dude can she not read previous msgs,what the point of asking irrelevant questions. Post your train status here instead (sent from Nilje)
what about dadar to mulund? (sent from Vikhroli)
what about Karjat to khopoli ?.. (sent from Palasdhari Stn.)
is train on time for karajat??
?? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
what Abt cst to Kalyan are the down locals running ok
barish ruk gayi hai Kya?
need to go to kanjur.....are trains working ? (sent from Dombivli)
what is the status of CR from Badlapur to thane
what is the status from kalyan to thane?
what about train status from cat to thane (sent from Sandhurst Road)
train status of central line?? (sent from Kings Circle Stn.)
what is the status of harbour line??? (sent from Vithalwadi)
are fast trains running?
have to travel from kalyan to Govandi...any update????  (sent from Shahad)
 what is status of central line
what about water logging (sent from Lower Parel)
guys any update wna go cst from mumbra ?
what is status of train from Ghatkopar to CST
what about karjat to cst tarins (sent from Karjat)
what is the status from Parel to Vikhroli??? (sent from Sewri)
what's the status of bullet train? (sent from Kalva)
ulhasanagar to kurla train running???? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
what's the scenario for ulhasnagar to dadar?  (sent from Shahad)
whates the current status of train from dombivli station to vidyavihar ? (sent from Dombivli)
trains running in time from Kalyan?  (sent from Kalyan)
sab sabki lete hai...tell him how long u have been waiting...say the bus is crowded too plus sab Jaga paani bhari hai...and u ain't lying..u are saying the truth...so relax and just say what u are facing (sent from Mulund)
Is central line working Normally? (sent from Airoli Stn.)
wht is d status of karjat trn????  plzzzz reply 
what's the status of water logging at kurla/Sion?
what about kasara train (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
फास्ट ट्रेन है ना ?? भीड है क्या ??? (sent from Mumbra Stn.)
wbt Ambarnath to CST? (sent from Ambernath Stn.)
6.43??😮
okay.. delay by??  (sent from Shahad)
Bhandup varun train chalu aahet kay ? CSMT la jayla (sent from Bhandup)
what is train status from mumbra to kurla
what is the status badlapur cst 9.18 at dadar
shahad to CST ? (sent from Shahad Stn.)
is train running kalyan to cst?
what is the status at Sandhurst Road station (sent from Sandhurst Road Stn.)
Should i go to college today or not?  (sent from Vithalwadi)
where is kalyan dombivali kasara any coming thane?? (sent from Thane Stn.)
what about sion (sent from Sion)
What is train Status frm kalyan to dadar (sent from Kalyan)
in mulund? (sent from Nahur)
what about dadar (sent from Diva Jn)
what is the progress at badlapur is train working  (sent from Badlapur)
Trains running? (sent from Tilak Nagar)
what is status of train from ambernath to cst
train from badlapur to cst ?? any update (sent from Badlapur Stn.)
is train runing on time in centre rout??? (sent from Jogeshwari)
what in vashi? plz update (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)
whats the train status from csmt?? (sent from Grant Road)
what status frm mulund t thane (sent from Mulund Stn.)
what about karjat thane trains? (sent from Thane)
what is train status from thane twrds cst (sent from Airoli)
Are trains running from thane to ghatkopar???????? (sent from Kalva)
Are Thane starting trains running? (sent from Airoli)
what status at ulhasnagar train
what is the status of 10:18 from Badlapur  (sent from Badlapur Stn.)
will i get space to sit in any train today?  (sent from Thane)
what about kasara line? (sent from Kalva)
Mulund se Dombivli train hai Kiya?
what abt trains from dom to cst? (sent from Dombivli)
reall news do bhai center line working or not
I'm stuck at Mulund station..any update if the trains are running upto thane?  (sent from Mulund Stn.)
trains working thane - vt? 
what about Ambernath to Thane? (sent from Ambernath)
when u reach (sent from Vikhroli)
CSMT to Pune Junction Pragathi Express train 4:37PM times se  janaevaala hai?? (sent from Mira Road Stn.)
दादर ते सा एस टी ट्रेन चालू आहे काय? 
what about CSMT (sent from Vithalwadi)
is there delay
how trains r running on central line
Mumbra se train chl rahi h kya?  (sent from Mumbra Stn.)
is train running upto thane..? (sent from Kopar Stn.)
whats the status from Dadar to Mulund ??
what about trains between bhandup to Parel? 
Harbour line trains are  on time?  (sent from Badlapur Stn.)
what about trains from cst to ghatkopar?  (sent from Matunga Stn.)
Is this true? (sent from Mulund)
what is train status from ghatkopar to cstm (sent from Ghatkopar)
what is the status about mumbra to ghatkoper 
what's the train status from Thane to cst
What is train status (sent from Thane Stn.)
what about kurla ghatkopar  (sent from Turbhe Stn.)
how about thane  (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)
Bhandup to Thane? (sent from Bhandup)
what about badlapur kalyan trains? (sent from Badlapur Stn.)
what about kurla ghatkopar  (sent from Turbhe Stn.)
I m stucked in the train b4 diva... aage ka kya scene hai? (sent from Dativali)
thane to cst status?
Vikhroli to Dadar? kya status hain bhai log (sent from Vikhroli)
what about thane train are running properly or not plz update  (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)
what is the status of local in central
what the status from Ulhasnagar to Dombivali (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
train are  running from kurla tu kalva or not???? (sent from Kurla Stn.)
badlapur se train chl rhe h kya?
are trains on time?  (sent from Mulund Stn.)
what about karara towards train... (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
what abt kalyan karjat
what ABT Dadar r train running properly  (sent from Parel)
how much late? (sent from Mulund)
dadar to thane????
What the status, hope trains are running normally. 
train from thane to cst ..chalu h? (sent from Ghansoli Stn.)
what is the current status of Kalyan station
what about dombivli to thane
want to go from kasara to dadar..?
what about ghatkopar?  (sent from Mira Road Stn.)
thane badlapur..?  (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
Is there trains between amb to thane
sion madhe pani bharale ahe ka ? (sent from Nahur)
what is the status of mulund now??? (sent from Kanjur Marg)
any idea about vidyavihar station..? (sent from Vidyavihar Stn.)
Bhandup to Thane status? (sent from Bhandup)
is train running fine from titwala to thane?  pls confirm urgently (sent from Titwala)
barish ho ya dhup train to hamesha late hi rhti hai...so train chalu hai ki nhi.,thats i want to knw?😅 (sent from Ambernath)
kalyan status???? (sent from Shahad)
what is a status cst to dombivli  (sent from Andheri)
condition at Kurla station? (sent from Mulund)
Kalyan status?? (sent from Tilak Nagar)
ambernath to ghatkopar all clear?
why train are stop before ठाणे  (sent from Mulund)
trains running? (sent from Thane Stn.)
is train running fine from titwala to thane?  pls confirm urgently (sent from Titwala)
9:14 arrived at 10??? (sent from Elphinstone Road)
central trains?? (sent from Dadar Stn.)
is it safe to travel??? (sent from Shahad)
trains running? (sent from Thane Stn.)
how to reply here (sent from Thane Stn.)
are trains running fron kalyan to ghatkopar?? 
are trains on time from mulund to cst?  (sent from Mulund Stn.)
is the train running from Thane to cst (sent from Andheri)
trains running from kurla to thane?any one update pls
staus of CST thane slow train? (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)
dombiwali to thane slow track status? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
Are trains on time ? (sent from Bhandup Stn.)
what about KALWA to KASARA/ASANGOAN????? (sent from Kalva)
ghatkopar????? (sent from Shahad)
What's the status of thane to panvel?
what is the status BADLAPUR CSMT train  (sent from Badlapur)
train status?
Central line what status?  (sent from Bhandup Stn.)
any update? (sent from Bhandup)
Thane to Ghatkopar train chalu hai kya?
what about frm ambernath to cst? (sent from Ambernath Stn.)
train status between diva to Thane? (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)
Kharghar Jane me liye train chalu hai kya Kurla se ??? (sent from Grant Road)
I started from Mulund and alls well so far. no train stoppages have happened. its reaching ghatkopar. Where theres a will, theres a way !!! people trying to find an excuse mot to get onto work, please take your decisions and dont spread rumours :)  (sent from Bhandup Stn.)
should I go to Vidyavihar for my college?
last train kitne baje ki thi from kyn?
trasharbor train samay par chal rahi kya?  (sent from Manasarovar)
dadar ते thane चालू आहे का??? (sent from Matunga Road)
Byculla to Thane trains ahet ka chalu ?? (sent from Byculla Stn.)
status of Thane to CST train?
thane to badlapur fast trIn chalu hai? 
you shall reach but dunno when
is train are working from sion to cst side? (sent from Mankhurd Stn.)
Kurla to thane status plz??? (sent from Tilak Nagar Stn.)
what about titwala to cst riply any one from titwala (sent from Titwala Stn.)
byculla to Thane ? (sent from Byculla Stn.)
bhandup to thane train working? (sent from Mankhurd)
Can I travel to CST from Badlapure smoothly ?
dadar local 15 car?? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
sure ?????
what is status for thane to dadar
byculla to Thane ?? (sent from Byculla Stn.)
Thane to Kalyan fast chalu hai kya? 
byculla to Thane train ? (sent from Byculla Stn.)
now what situation of central train
 kalwa station water loging that why mumbra kalwa root is block (sent from Mumbra Stn.)
dadar kalyan 15 car running?? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
what is status of kalyan to thane trains? (sent from Ambivli Stn.)
Thane to CST status? (sent from Airoli)
slow trains working?? for kalwa?  (sent from Kopar Stn.)
when you will get stuck then you will know what it is like (sent from Rabale)
Kalwa mein track pe pani bhara h kya? Any update (sent from Mumbra Stn.)
byculla to Thane TRAINs ahet ka ? (sent from Byculla Stn.)
is train coming from thane to cstm? (sent from Mulund Stn.)
thane to dadar gadi ka Kya status h??
what's status at diva/mumbra..no train in kopar from 20ins
Dadar to Ghatkopar trains running? (sent from Vadala Road)
what is the status local train from Kalyan to Dadar? (sent from Vithalwadi)
mumbra to dadar chalu hai kya?
byculla to Thane ??? (sent from Byculla Stn.)
what is the status at mulund and ghatkopar for cst (sent from Mumbra Stn.)
Byculla to Thane ? (sent from Byculla Stn.)
what about thane to titwala working??
hi friends train is raining track ? (sent from Dativali)
trains from thane to ghatkopar are running?
train are running??? (sent from Airoli)
train chalu h Kya Dombivali to mulund?  (sent from Kopar)
thane Se cst tarin chalu aahet ka ...? (sent from Kalva Stn.)
are trn running properly from Ambernath to csmt? (sent from Ambernath Stn.)
Central line chalu h kya? koi batao pls.
from sion trains are working ?? (sent from Gtb Nagar Stn.)
Thane to Bhandup chalu hain Kya? (sent from Airoli)
what is situation at thane and Vikhroili west  (sent from Airoli)
what is the status of local trains towards Titwala..
mulund to ghatkopar working?
what about KALWA to ASANGOAN?????????? (sent from Kalva)
what's the status of up local from Kalyan?
wapis aaneki guarantee he? (sent from Airoli)
Borivali to Andheri trains are working?? (sent from Virar Stn.)
any possibilities of train getting stopped completely...?? (sent from Kopar Stn.)
r trains from thane to kurla running?
Thane to Kalyan fast train ka status kya hai? 
what about trains to a (sent from Kings Circle Stn.)
thakurli se train hai kya? (sent from Thakurli Stn.)
where is an local now at time ambivali 9.17 am (sent from Ambivli Stn.)
what is the status of central line trains
dombiwali dadar position? (sent from Jogeshwari)
what about trains to Andheri? (sent from Kings Circle Stn.)
dadar train is working or not ??
Is there any train from mumbra to csmt
what's the update on badlapur to ghatkopar train?
cst - thane train working??? (sent from Dockyard Road Stn.)
hai kidhar ???  (sent from Mumbra Stn.)
dadar ???
where has the badlapur fast train,  which is at 9.08 at dadar reached? it is at 9.53 at kalyan?  anyone on the same route for the same train?  please update  (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
ulhasnagar to cst trains chalu hai kya? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
what is sts of central line is working
what's the status after thane station. is it moving? (sent from Thane Stn.)
  dadar to Malad ??
Are trains running? (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)
what is situation at thane station
cst se karjat Jana hai?? kya karu anyone tell me..  (sent from Churchgate)
trains working from ghatkopar to CST ? (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
What is the  train,status (sent from Elphinstone Road)
any update from shahad station? (sent from Shahad)
Dombivali to mulund chalu h Kya?  (sent from Kopar)
is going to mulund safe? (sent from Elphinstone Road Stn.)
csmt to Thane running?
are trains from dombivli to cst working ? (sent from Thakurli)
those who planning to leave. status for them. 9:29 am slow local from kalyan just left from kalyan station (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
trains from Dombivali  to dadar is working? (sent from Nilje Stn.)
Cst jane wali fast train kaha hai? Badlapur side ke trains kaha pahuchi?  (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
is kalyan to thane slow running?? (sent from Dombivli)
What is the fast train status from kalyan (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
any news ? (sent from Matunga Stn.)
Are trains on time at Harbour line? (sent from Byculla Stn.)
 r trains running from kurla to thane.? (sent from Vashi Stn.)
Anyone update at Sion station?
bhai bhandup to byculla train jayegi???? (sent from Bhandup Stn.)
is train coming to karjat??? (sent from Karjat)
r trains running from kurla to thane.?? (sent from Vashi Stn.)
status pls ? (sent from Matunga Stn.)
are the trains going ahead thane ? (sent from Mulund)
is any blockage on thane bhandup  (sent from Kopar)
any update for dombivli to thane? (sent from Dombivli)
is there train late today from asangakn
any news ? (sent from Matunga Stn.)
ट्रेन चालू है क्या? (sent from Nahur)
is trains working?
what is status about mulund to dadar? (sent from Mulund)
central trains are running or not?
ठाण्यात पाऊस थांबला का? (sent from Kalyan)
Status of train at Matunga Central Railway? (sent from Matunga Stn.)
what abt train today (sent from Sandhurst Road)
What's the update (sent from Mahim Jn)
is any trains getting cancled (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)
Yes. requesting all just to update status who are in trains or at platforms who can have real idea about trains. This will help all others who wants to know the true status (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
trains are late ? please confirm.. (sent from Andheri)
bhandup to kalyan?? any update  (sent from Bhandup Stn.)
What abt sion (sent from Airoli Stn.)
Will update the status as and when I reach Vikhroli. (sent from Thane Stn.)
are ambernath to dombivli train working? if s n how much delay?
what is the stutus about thana to dadar fast (sent from Juinagar Stn.)
what is the stutus about thana to dadar fast (sent from Juinagar Stn.)
Are trains moving from cst on time? (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)
mumbra to ghatkopr status...??? (sent from Ghatkopar)
what is stasud for badlapur fast train (sent from Dadar Stn.)
what is the status of downside trains...  towards Dombivli to ulhasnagar /Ambarnath  (sent from Dombivli)
anyone going towards thane? kindly let us know the status (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)
What is Thane to cst
trains are working badlapur to cst? (sent from Badlapur)
so mulund k aage train band hai kya??? 
whats status now ???
what is the status of train from thane to cst?
what is the status from Badlapur to Thane  (sent from Badlapur)
are trains from Thane to CST running properly .??
what about kasara (sent from Kasara Stn.)
what is the status of Dadar? trains running or not? (sent from Bhandup Stn.)
kuch b!!... aur woh chat messages dek k kya karega??...  instead trains shud b enabled with gps technology so that mindicator can update their live status (sent from Mulund)
ghatkopar to vikhroli status?
what is the current status local will raech cst or not  (sent from Thane Stn.)
are the trains running from mumbra towards dombivali?? 
what is the status of Dombivli to Kanjurmarg? (sent from Kopar Stn.)
thakurli to cst status? (sent from Thakurli Stn.)
what is the status of mulund to dombivli
Dadar to CSTM what is status (sent from Bandra Stn.)
Is there any water logging on tracks?
thank u?? 
what about Thane to Ghatkopar (sent from Thane)
what about ambernath (sent from Ambernath Stn.)
what about kalyan station... water log?
tuje pata kya hua hai? (sent from Borivali Stn.)
what about mumbra to kurla slow train
what is status of fast train?  (sent from Thakurli Stn.)
Ambernath?? (sent from Ambernath Stn.)
Asangaon ki train nikli? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
Kalyan to Dadar what is the position
Badlapur se CST train ka kya status hai? (sent from Badlapur)
what about Kurla and Sion station position?
mulund to vikhroli?  (sent from Mulund)
what is the current situation at thane to ghatkopar trains (sent from Panvel)
sion station se  diva station tak   train slow ha kya ?????? (sent from Gtb Nagar Stn.)
Bhandup to Dadar??  (sent from Nahur)
what is status from kalyan to ghatkopar..????
Ghatkopar to Dadar train?
Thane To Dadar???  (sent from Thane Stn.)
what about kurla (sent from Karjat Stn.)
it's raining what in mumbai????  (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
what is the status between cst to chinchpokli (sent from Churchgate Stn.)
are trains r running from Dadar to vikhroli ?? (sent from Grant Road Stn.)
is central trains are on time?
????
ulhasanagar se cat chalu he Kya? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
dude send this on Harbour line. this is Central line chat box (sent from Thane Stn.)
Asangaon ki train nikli kya ? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
karjat train konse stn per hai?? plss koie bata sakta hai? (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)
is it raining very heavy at thane?? (sent from Ghansoli Stn.)
what about Dadar to Kurla between (sent from Ghatkopar)
any update on central line from ambarnath to cst?
are trains running from dombivli to thane?? (sent from Dombivli)
Thane se CST working hai?  (sent from Nahur Stn.)
trains from vikroli to Sion running on time?  (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)
kalyan to CST train are working? (sent from Kalyan)
Dombivli to Dadar train running..?
is central train are working??
bhai tu engineer hai kya?🤔 (sent from Kharghar Stn.)
trains are running or not????
what is status of centarl line
hats off to motor men who are able to.drive off locals from kalwa station where due to water logging till knee length tracks r not visible...bt dey have kept the Mumbai life line moving  (sent from Kalva Stn.)
what is the current situation at thane station to ghatkopar (sent from Panvel)
what about Asangaon ? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
ulhasanagar cst are working? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
what about KALWA to ASANGOAN???? (sent from Kalva)
are bhai kidhar hai thane station par? (sent from Kharghar Stn.)
fast train any status plzz rly???? (sent from Dombivli)
what about KALWA to ASNAGOAN???? (sent from Kalva)
did Asangaon train reached any station? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
what status kalva to kalyan (sent from Vithalwadi)
what is the train situation from kalyan tocst  (sent from Nilje)
  kalvaa train ??? (sent from Dombivli)
Any update on fast track dadar to thane? (sent from Dadar)
status of vidyavihar?? is there water logging
dadar to cst trains wrking ???? (sent from Bandra Stn.)
what about trains from mulund to badlapur? does anybody know about that?
What About Thane. Train Are Working Or Not ?
what is the status at ghatkopar and kurla? 
no rains now at Kalyan..is it still raining at Kalwa, thane?
what is the status of train from ghatkopar to kalyan
what's the status of ambernath to ghatkopar??? 
any Asangaon train status? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
Washi Kurla train chalu h kya?
what is status Kalyan to CST fast train
any karjat train status (sent from Ghatkopar stn?  (sent from Vikhroli)
r trains working...?? (sent from Sion Stn.)
are trains running?? (sent from Nahur)
can anyone update for current situation from mumbra to vidya vihar?
what is the status of Vikhroli to dadar (sent from Vikhroli)
centerline status from dadar? (sent from Dadar Stn.)
what is the status of ambernath to kalyan.
anyone knows about Vasai to Churchgate is train running on time..?
kurla se thane chalu aahe ka?  (sent from Mankhurd Stn.)
from ????
titvala to kurla first class ticket? 
r trains working between Dombivli-cst?? (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)
status of diva to kanjurmarg?
Hello friends, what's the status of sion, Kurla stn (sent from Thakurli)
thane to gharkopar..?? is trains r running?
Thane to dombivli status please?? 
bhandup to vidyavihar ? (sent from Bhandup Stn.)
kahan ho bhai
central line add me 8879992147 what's up  (sent from Thane)
what is the status between Kanjur to Parel  (sent from Kanjur Marg)
how it is central line situation??? (sent from chembur)  (sent from Gtb Nagar)
 divert hi chukee he kyaa trauns ?? (sent from Dombivli)
are the trains working from Thane ? (sent from Mulund Stn.)
is there any problem in kalva?
mumbra stn...??
Thane to Vidyavihar Position ?
are train working from dombivali to cst?  (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
 is this fast train are running between dombivli to ghatkopar????? (sent from Thakurli)
dombivali to CST position? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
How is the situation at Kurla?
diva to cst train position??? (sent from Diva Jn)
Kurla To CST k liye train chl rahi h k nhiii? (sent from Kurla)
what is the situation at matunga?
Sandhurst station pe Kon hai , waha ka wall track pe gira hai , ye baat sahi hai Kya?? (sent from Lower Parel)
trains are on time from dadar or late ? (sent from Dadar Stn.)
mumbra to cst chalu hai kya..??
 trains going to Kasara?  (sent from Kalva)
any status fast train??? (sent from Dombivli)
what about kalva
there is waterloading between kalwa and thane??? (sent from Thakurli)
what about titwala Thane and karjat Thane train status (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
CSTM to Thane ka rail chalu hai kya...?  (sent from Chinchpokli Stn.)
any update from byculla station? are trains running towards down line? (sent from Byculla)
are kasara trains late ? (sent from Vasind Stn.)
badlapur to cst trains chalu hai kya?? (sent from Badlapur)
diva pe rukegi Kya?? 
what is the status of the train 
what is the status between ghatkopar and dadar 
Ghatkopar to Badlapur Any Update?
bhandup to mulund train status??? (sent from Bhandup)
why don't repeat work on this water problems.Every year it's being the same. (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
is the train running from kopar to cst (sent from Kopar Stn.)
are the trains working fine ? delayed ? or stopped ?
what about trains from Ambernath towards CST ? (sent from Ambernath)
is the slow train are running towards cst (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
is there any delay on up slow
Thane to Ghatkopar status please?
there is no train in slow line from kalyan to thane due to heavy rainfall and hardly there are trains Which are running but taking a lot of time and place to place long halt in between of stations. (sent from Mulund)
need to go from Kurla to Ghatkopar? are the trains running and if they are then are they on time? (sent from Kharghar)
trains are running on time ? from asangaon to kalyan  (sent from Vasind)
what about Bhandup to Ghatkopar any news? (sent from Bhandup Stn.)
what is the status of titwala to cst  (sent from Titwala Stn.)
deva main train time pe chal rahi hai kya ?  (sent from Chunabhatti)
what are the running status of the train (sent from Vikhroli)
what a status of central railway
whats the status on lbs? (sent from Mulund)
train status?? (sent from Dombivli)
 vashi jana hai mujhe abhi koi train hai kya..?  (sent from Chinchpokli Stn.)
Train chalu Aahet Ka?
trainstatus bet kurla dombivali?  (sent from Vadala Road Stn.)
where is 9.47 kalayan dadar (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
Kya train..?? kuch bhi Kya puchte ho (sent from Ambernath Stn.)
What abt ambernath and badlapur trains?? (sent from Ghatkopar)
titwala trains are running or not? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
train are running on time ?  (sent from Dombivli)
down side trains on time? 
 hiii...what about central line  ???? (sent from Kalva Stn.)
Trains status - Dadar to Vikroli?  (sent from Dadar Stn.)
status of transharbour?
ambarnath to CST??  (sent from Vithalwadi Stn.)
dadar to vidavihar status plz??  (sent from Virar)
What abt ambernath and badlapur trains?? (sent from Ghatkopar)
how many min trains are late? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
are downside trains working? (sent from Bhandup Stn.)
kalyan to sion? (sent from Vithalwadi)
what about kalwa?  (sent from Kalva)
tithe pani bharlay ka sion ani kurla chya madhye ???
what is the situations of Kalwa Mumbra anyone update (sent from Thakurli Stn.)
are trains are running from Kalyan to can't?
what is train status at kurla  (sent from Kurla)
9.57am THANE to CSMT slow (from Thane PF1) which started from Thane at 10.27am, has reached Vikhroli Station in 20 minutes  (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)
trains from mumbra to csmt ???
Dombivli to badlapur trains are running or not? (sent from Dombivli)
masjid se cst kitna dur hai???? (sent from Cst Stn.)
how bad is thane station situation?
what is the status of Mulund Ghatkopar train (sent from Nahur)
Please do not keep asking for updates. People who are commuting will update as it is. Please do not create a nuisance.  (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)
what is the status of slow up train?  (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
trains from Kalwa to CSMT..? (sent from Kalva)
is there water logged in sion?? (sent from Thane Stn.)
are ambarnath to cst trn working? (sent from Ambernath)
central status now ? 
train chalu है ky?
current train status ? (sent from Badlapur Stn.)
what is the status of trains from Thane? (sent from Thane)
cst to dadar is working? (sent from Dadar Stn.)
Thane to cst train status ?? (sent from Thane)
are trains are running from Kalyan to csmt?
mulund to badlapur?
it's raining what in mumbai plz reply (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
what are the train status on central ? (sent from Koparkhairne)
is it advisable to travel today by local ?? (sent from Shahad)
mulund to badlapur?
what about trains from dadar to thane? are they running on time? (sent from Vaitarana Stn.)
where is the kasara train now (sent from Thakurli Stn.)
are trains running on time from cst to thane? (sent from Grant Road)
what's up date on today
Hi anyone can update about central railway diley?  (sent from Kurla Stn.)
mulund station ka kya haal hai ???
is trains going to mulund? (sent from Badlapur Stn.)
dombivli to csmt slow train status? (sent from Dombivli)
Central lines Trains closed?? (sent from Dombivli)
current situation of local trains are ?
what is train status now vidya bihar? (sent from Vidyavihar)
what about thane station (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
i think people who r chatting in m indicator r sitting at home and expecting the status, people who r in local are not participating in chat so correct status nahi samaj raha hai people in locals please respond with status  (sent from Andheri)
ambernath to kurla line are clear? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
where is 10:32 asangoan train?  (sent from Shahad Stn.)
what's update on today train
where is 10:32 asangoan train?  (sent from Shahad Stn.)
are trains are running from Kalyan to csmt?
Bhandup to Ghatkopar? what is the status (sent from Bhandup Stn.)
please dont reply those who are sitting at home..ww are also watching news..reply only those who are travelling
what status thane to dadae (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)
train status?  (sent from Kurla Stn.)
what about dombivli to kasara trains
are trains working from dadar to kurla??
hi are trains going past kurla? need to cst from ghatkopar. 
is central trains running?
what is the status at mumbra Station  (sent from Mumbra)
are you at mumbra or vashi?
is it raining in kalyan,how is the situation of trains from thane to kalyan
hello what is train status from vidya vihar to cst (sent from Vidyavihar)
what's the status of mumbra?? 
hi guys trains are running from KALYAN??  (sent from Kalyan)
well i still dont understand what all want to hear .... (sent from Byculla Stn.)
Train frm bdlapur?  (sent from Badlapur)
what is condition between Dombivli and thane train
What is the situation of trains leaving from Badlapur station? (sent from Badlapur)
train are running or not?  (sent from Kopar)
Thane to kalyan trains chalu hai kya ?
are trains to thane available from ghatkopar?
what is status from kalyan to Dombivali
train status??? (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)
what about the thane to karjat train?
what about cst se kalyan  (sent from Charni Road)
what is train status from dadar to thane?? (sent from Bhayander)
is there water logged anywhere??? (sent from Shahad)
train chal rahi hai kya? 
what is  train status from Thane to CST (sent from Mulund)
parel stn ? (sent from Parel)
how was the fast train running from KURLA to CST (sent from Govandi Stn.)
what is the situation of thane station ???? (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)
amernath se csmt tak trains time se chal rahi Hain kya? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
are trains running between thane and bhandup?
what is the status of train from Dombivli towards THANE (sent from Thakurli)
what is the status of train between kurla to g hatkopar  (sent from Kurla Stn.)
and how much late is train (sent from Kanjur Marg)
what is the status at ....Kalwa, Thane, Mulund, Sion-Dadar ? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
please update , where are you going.
Sion me track par Paani hai kya?
what's the situation at thane  (sent from Dombivli)
what about Karjat and khopoli trains?
are trains working from Titwala to Thane ? (sent from Belapur Cbd Stn.)
what is status of kurla to matunga? (sent from Bhandup)
train chal rahe h kya from Kurla to ambernath??
are trains running  ???? is it safe to go ??? (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)
train are running in kalyan to thane?
is there water logged in sion?? (sent from Thane Stn.)
matunga pe paani bhara? 
what  is the status  of  kalyan and ghatkoper (sent from Kalyan)
trains are running from CST to Kalyan side?
thane to kanjurmarg slow?  (sent from Thane)
mumbra se train chal rahi hai kya?? 
Sandhurst road to thane trains chal rahi hai kya? 
what is status of kalwa station (sent from Kalva)
ट्रेन चालु आहेत काय..? (sent from Nerul Stn.)
what (sent from Neral Stn.)
central line status pls anyone? (sent from Matunga)
from where you board the train? 
trains are going well from Dadar to Kalyan or not? (sent from Vadala Road)
can someone please update. are trains working from Titwala to Thane? (sent from Belapur Cbd Stn.)
what abt , Mulund 2 Dadar situation 
hi..i want to go to Pune from Dadar..So is there any affect of rain on express trains ?
what is fast train status from Dadar to thane??. (sent from Bhayander)
what about down trains from Mulund 
what is the possion of train (sent from Matunga Road)
kalyan  se  cst  fast  train  chalu he ki nehi?? (sent from Kalyan)
sion to badlapur trains he kya?  (sent from Gtb Nagar Stn.)
what's the status at kurla? need to go to BKC (sent from Byculla Stn.)
what is the status of central from dadar to dombivli? are train running or not? (sent from Vadala Road Stn.)
trains on time? (sent from Rabale Stn.)
status of pune express train ?
can you please mention what is the gap between two Trains (sent from Mulund)
?? (sent from Kalva)
is it? (sent from Mumbra Stn.)
train Kalyan to Titwala are running???  (sent from Kalyan)
what is the status on ce
f train running from kurla ti cst slow?
kuch to bolo is par? (sent from Byculla Stn.)
khopoli to Karjat train r available or not?
mumbra to thane train chalu h kya?  (sent from Mumbra)
is train running from Ghatkopar to Dombivli? (sent from Ghatkopar)
are slow trains running from kalwa? (sent from Kalva)
thane to ghatkopar chalu hai kya? ho to batao. movie dekhne jaana bhai gf k sath😫 (sent from Airoli)
what about sion  (sent from Mahim Jn)
Trains from Ghatkopar to CST are working ?
Any status from badlapur to cst trains?? (sent from Badlapur)
any update on trains from Titwala to Thane? Can someone please update. (sent from Belapur Cbd Stn.)
fast local from kalyan on time? (sent from Kalyan)
central line is open or not...? (sent from Currey Road Stn.)
status of cst to thane? (sent from Chinchpokli Stn.)
trains from Ghatkopar to CST are working ?
Ambernath ya badlapur train chalu hai kya?? (sent from Ghatkopar)
vasai - diva train chalu hai kya ?? (sent from Bhiwandi Road)
what is condition of Railway (sent from Chinchpokli Stn.)
i want to go to Byculla. trains  chalu hai? (sent from Matunga Stn.)
center line  is clear???
does it mean that 30 minutes gap between two trains? If so, please say so. (sent from Mulund)
pune trains ?
are trains working till parel?
diva to vasai road ka Kiya status hai bhai???  (sent from Mumbra)
kurla to Kalyan chalu hai?  (sent from Sion Stn.)
what is status of train from Ambernath to cst (sent from Ambernath)
pune trains chalu ahet ka ?
are the stations from dadar to thane flooded...??? 
sion to csmt is working?  (sent from Gtb Nagar Stn.)
please confirm kalyan to thane train status?
what is position of central railway (sent from Elphinstone Road)
mumbra to thane train late hai kya ? (sent from Mumbra)
Airoli to CST best route for today? (sent from Airoli)
Are trains moving from Dadar to Badlapur? (sent from Matunga Stn.)
विक्रोळी ते मुलुंड ट्रेन चालू आहे का ? (sent from Vikhroli)
Who is want go Titwala please reach kalyan station as soon as possible  (sent from Kopar Stn.)
are locals available between thane to ambernath? (sent from Koparkhairne)
How much is rush towards Kurla? Ulhasnagar to Kurla? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
wat abt trains??  (sent from Gtb Nagar)
कुर्ला ते कसारा/आसनगाव train schedule ओके आहे का??? (sent from Chunabhatti)
train between titwala and kalyan are running? (sent from Titwala Stn.)
mumbra se CST chalu h kiya????
what's the status of the train towards thane (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)
Thane  vashil?? working??
where is asangoan (sent from Shahad Stn.)
guys Baarish mein mera umbrella bheeg Gaya kya karu?
train from Ghatkopar to cst working properly or not??? (sent from Ghatkopar)
is train running well from Badlapur ?
where is asangoan (sent from Shahad Stn.)
announcement at Kalyan station about delays and cancellations followed by 'pravashanchya gair soyi baddal amhi khediy aahot'.. kadhi paryant khediy asnaar tumhi?? Roz?? laaz yayla pahije..!
what is status .badlapur to ghatkopar
where is asangoan train (sent from Shahad Stn.)
what abt t&rains now in thane & beyond towards CSMT ? 
I heard there is possible high tide today. Is it so? pls verify.  (sent from Mulund)
Trains to karjat hai chalu?
what about thane to Ghatkopar?
trains are running from kalyan to cst???  slow
parel to kalyan travelling? is it safe ? and is there any water logging near dadar station? (sent from Elphinstone Road)
sachi...??? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
sahad to Kalyan? (sent from Shahad)
any updates about thana??  (sent from Dadar Stn.)
train status at diva?? (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)
doctor ke paas le jau? (sent from Thane Stn.)
how bout thane to kalyan? 
what is the status at mulund ? (sent from Mulund)
dadar to vikhroli chalu hai kya?
any updates about trains towards karjat?? or khopoli???  (sent from Neral Stn.)
train run3 normally now ?????? (sent from Mumbra)
what is the stqtus towrds karjat bdl
any announcement at dombivali station ?? 
what is status of train (sent from Chunabhatti)
train status at Diva ???! (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)
whether train running from kurla central railway towards kalyan? (sent from Kalyan)
Dombivli Ok??  (sent from Kopar)
train running on right time friends?
what is the status for central line
what is the status of central railway local trains from Thane to CST.
kurla Thane status?? (sent from Tilak Nagar Stn.)
any status of cst train from Curry road?? (sent from Chunabhatti Stn.)
mumbra to thane train late h kya ? 
kurla to Parel ? Trains are on time ? (sent from Seawood Darave)
Kalyan to thane trains ? (sent from Shahad)
mumbra to bhandup chalo hai train....?
ghatkoper to Thane running ? (sent from Manasarovar Stn.)
Kalyan to Vikhroli trains status please??
are trains working from CST ? (sent from Marine Lines Stn.)
is there rush in Mulund ? (sent from Mulund)
how the train is runing (sent from Gtb Nagar Stn.)
 train are working kya from kurla to cst,?? (sent from Kurla)
vidyavihar to thane? trains r working?
slow train status ?
Thane ??
are the trains running smoothly?
trains from badlapur to cst are working?  (sent from Badlapur Stn.)
im at shahad can anyone update on asangoan train, where it reached? (sent from Shahad Stn.)
guys...slow train start h? (sent from Thakurli)
vidyavihar to thane?
badlapur to ghatkopar status please?
mumbra to thane ? (sent from Mumbra)
what's the status of central line? (sent from Churchgate)
there any problm in trains timings?? is it running normally?? (sent from Shahad Stn.)
cst to ghatkopar trains are working? (sent from Masjid)
Took 10.45 train frm Mulund...  running late but smootho. NOT crowded.. (sent from Nahur Stn.)
is there rush at mulund station? (sent from Mulund)
 kurla to badlapur status ??? (sent from Sewri)
10.29 DADAR-kasara status??? (sent from Dadar Stn.)
are trains working from Thane to CST?
badlapur to dombivali status?? (sent from Badlapur)
Trains r running from dadar to kalyan?? (sent from Andheri Stn.)
Is the train right time or not
what's train status (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
what about kalyan to cst trains (sent from Churchgate)
cst to vikhroli any updates ??? (sent from Churchgate Stn.)
is there train running from ghatkopar towards kalwa???  (sent from Kalva Stn.)
what are the train status in central line toward cst
what is the status of trains from CST to thane (sent from Marine Lines)
please update where this train now, there is water loging in Sion or matunga
Kanjurmarg to dombivli status?  (sent from Kopar Stn.)
Dombivali to Thane? (sent from Kopar)
ambernath to Dombivali status anyone? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
what is kasara to cst train status pls update  (sent from Asangaon Stn.)
is there some problem at Sandhurst Road Station?  (sent from Masjid Stn.)
abhi kya haal hai trains ka?  (sent from Kalyan)
dombivli to dadar station train chalu h kya ? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
are trains running on time?
bhivpuri waterfall is safe to go?? (sent from Badlapur)
what is train status thane (sent from Cst Stn.)
ambernath to thane working ?? (sent from Ambernath Stn.)
what is the status between thane and bhandup  (sent from Nerul Stn.)
Kanjurmarg to dombivli status?  (sent from Kopar Stn.)
Kurla to Kalyan running??? (sent from Chembur Stn.)
thane to kanjurmarg status?
ohh where r u bro😯 (sent from Ambivli Stn.)
what is status for Kurla to Kalyan??? (sent from Chembur Stn.)
train running from thane to CST?? (sent from Ghansoli)
amb to thane ?? (sent from Ambernath Stn.)
trains chalu haina par?  (sent from Kopar Stn.)
Central line working? 
dadar to vikhroli working ? (sent from Dadar Stn.)
what is status of Central trains? i want to travel from Mulund to Currey Road (sent from Mulund)
thane SE CST chalu hai kya train?? (sent from Rabale)
Are trains going from cst to Thane?  (sent from Cst Stn.)
central are working?  (sent from Mankhurd)
r trains running from Vikhroli to cst? (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)
Is it working fine from thane to kalyan? (sent from Matunga Stn.)
are trains running from CST to thane?? (sent from Marine Lines)
Train from Kalyan to Thane ? (sent from Vithalwadi)
Dombivli to thane train chalu aahe kay? (sent from Thakurli Stn.)
Can anyone say ambernath and badlapur train chalu,hai,kya?? (sent from Ghatkopar)
are trains running from mulund to cst? (sent from Mulund Stn.)
kurla to dadar is there any update ??? guys (sent from Kurla)
is train is running frm ulhas to cst??
I want to travel from matunga to thane. whats the status ?  (sent from Kings Circle Stn.)
train is running form ambhrnth to cstm???? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
karjat train chalu ahe ka? (sent from Thane Stn.)
Dadar to Dombivali trains are working normally or delayed?  (sent from Bhayander)
Thane to dombivli train chalu hai kya? (sent from Juinagar)
current status of CSMT to Kalyan?? (sent from Elphinstone Road)
what is the condition of trains? (sent from Vile Parle)
what about diva vasai train?
Hey there Is travelling from kalyan to ghatkopar recommended? (sent from Shahad)
Cst se train aa rahi hai kya ambernath?? (sent from Ghatkopar)
any water log at kalva..?? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
from byculla to dombivali trains r there? (sent from Mahalakshmi Stn.)
Kitna late hai?? (sent from Ghatkopar)
Ghatkopar to Dadar train chalu he kya??? (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
 fast trains working?
Kalyan to karjat train is working or not
is the central line working properly? (sent from Sewri Stn.)
any status of mulund? (sent from Dombivli)
are trains running towards dadar ??? (sent from Kanjur Marg)
what about update mulund to cst
can anyone tell me what us the status in dombivli??? is it safe to travel from dombivli to cst?  (sent from Dombivli)
thana se aage cst ke liye train chal Rahi h kya???? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
train is perfect from vidhyavihar? (sent from Vidyavihar Stn.)
is it possible to commute by train from dadar to thane today? what's the situation, anyone who is present at station please let us know! (sent from Parel)
what about thane  (sent from Airoli Stn.)
what update in thane too cst
how are things at kalwa station? (sent from Kalva Stn.)
okkk train bandh hai kya?? (sent from Dombivli)
please update anyone??? (sent from Panvel Stn.)
  Kalyan to badlapur is working...plz update..? (sent from Vasind)
what is the situation right now
what happened not visible (sent from Cst Stn.)
vidyavihar to Thane train chalu hai kya?? (sent from Vidyavihar)
what's the situation of trains beyond thane to kalyan (sent from Koparkhairne Stn.)
what is the status of train from kurla to thane (sent from Chunabhatti)
is thane to mumbai local trains running?
is route clear for csmt from dadar?? (sent from Borivali)
any idea of TMT bus route no Ac 65 from Borivali station to thane station. is it working?
what's the situation of trains beyond thane to kalyan (sent from Koparkhairne Stn.)
what about dadar
what is status of karjat local (sent from Badlapur)
what is status of churchgate to borivali (sent from Mahim Jn)
mumbra to kurla train running smoothly?????????
Kalyan to thane train chalu hai kya???
curry road to kurla trains r working? ? (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)
Are trains running?
from ulhasnagar what's the situation? (sent from Shahad)
water logging is still on Kalwa track?
can I travel from Kalyan to catch? (sent from Kalyan)
what is the status about king circle (sent from Churchgate)
kurla to Thane trains are running? (sent from Khar Road)
kalyan to thane?? (sent from Kalyan)
what is update of Thane to cst train (sent from Airoli Stn.)
status from Dadar to Kalyan?
I have to go to college in byculla shall I leave from ghatkopar or not? (sent from Vidyavihar)
is there anyone travelling from badlapur to csmt
what is the status of Thane-Panvel route??? (sent from Mulund Stn.)
are trains running ?  (sent from Bandra)
what about cstm? are trains working for dadar (sent from Kandivali)
what about posstion mankyrd to kurla (sent from Mankhurd Stn.)
announced at Kanjur Station that slow train towards CST would not stop at Sandhurst road and Masjid. It will go on fast track from Byculla towards Cst (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)
what about for (sent from Shahad)
Ulhasnagar to Kalva? what is d status of slow train?  (sent from Ambernath)
what about from ulhasnagar to Thane?? (sent from Shahad)
11:30 karjat from ulhasnagar/10:45 from karjat is on time? (sent from Vithalwadi Stn.)
trains are on time ?
From mumbra to kurla whts the contion if anyone traveling.??
thane cst chalu hai kya?
what's app on this (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
pls share an updatewho are travelling to vile parle from thane??
In how much time ? (sent from Mulund Stn.)
trains are proper on time or not
train Chalu hai kya?  (sent from Mulund)
status from Ambarnath to thane..?  (sent from Ambernath Stn.)
kalyan tak jaarhi hai?  (sent from Mulund)
Are locals from Thane are running? (sent from Nahur)
are trains working from ambernath to dadar properly? (sent from Vithalwadi)
train chalu aahet ka central line chya ????? (sent from Chunabhatti)
is there any train running between Kalyan to ghatkoper (sent from Churchgate)
what is the status of badlapur to kalya (sent from Badlapur)
are trains on time from kalyan to CSMT? 
is any train going to dadar is start or not?
 train diva to mulund chalo hai ky? (sent from Dativali Stn.)
dadar to Karjat train chalu hai kya?  (sent from Chinchpokli Stn.)
Vasind ka status?? (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)
i hv seen in train chat application the rlwys never reply as to the status of the train
Train status between Thane and Dadar ?? (sent from Elphinstone Road)
train are on running from kalwa ??? (sent from Shahad)
Are trains on time asangav to csmt ?
What is the status of the trains in central l u ne (sent from Airoli Stn.)
kalyan ko train jaarhi hai kya?  (sent from Mulund)
mumbra to dadar train chalu he kya.¿?? plz tell me (sent from Kanjur Marg)
are train on time from kalyan?
bhai kalva or mumbra k bich me kuch problem chalu hai ??? (sent from Chunabhatti)
mumbra to kasara clear hae ?
Train chalu h kya ??  (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
are trains on tym from kalyan to cst????? (sent from Kalyan)
thane to kalyan hai kya?  (sent from Mulund)
Kurla - Sion..  any Problem!?  (sent from Grant Road Stn.)
train chalu hai kya?  (sent from Panvel)
where (sent from Tilak Nagar)
dombivli thane any problem? (sent from Dombivli)
11:46 kalyan starter is on time? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
kharghar to vikroli?
11.19 ki kalyan se jane wali kasara local gayi kya?? (sent from Titwala Stn.)
whats about Dadar to Thane... running on time? 
is fast train available from cst to karjat line???
Ghatkopar to cstm fine ?
are train running fine between thane and ghatkopar. Is it crowded?  (sent from Thane)
Hello All, I'm in CSTM fast local which leaves Kalyan at 10:26AM. Crossed Thane and reached Ghatkopar without any issues. There is no water logging. Everything is clear. But yes trains are 30 minutes late. So plan your travel accordingly.  The rain has also stopped. You can venture out of your homes (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
trains are running from Ghatkopar to badlapur?  (sent from Shahad)
kanjurmrg towards kalyan train status? (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)
what's  the status from dadar to kanjur  (sent from Matunga Road Stn.)
mumbra se cst train chalu hui kya???? (sent from Mumbra)
Thane se Dombivli chalu hai kya trns??? its time 11.40am (sent from Dombivli)
what the status from ambernath to thane (sent from Ambernath)
chalu hai?? (sent from Chunabhatti)
kalyan to dadar?
what is the status from thane to cst? 
kalva stn ka kya situation he?  (sent from Ambernath)
Kalyan ambernath train chal rahi Kya? (sent from Ambivli Stn.)
Guys, Kalyan to Thane. What's the running status? (sent from Shahad)
what's the status of train I want to travel to Mulund from Matunga  (sent from Matunga Stn.)
what is status btwn kurla to dadar ? (sent from Kharghar)
are trains from CST towards Thane running on time now? (sent from Grant Road)
dadar to thane? (sent from Parel)
parel to kanjurmarg whats the status..?? (sent from Lower Parel)
what's the status of thane Kalyan 
Hiii boss thane se Dombivli koi problem hai kya trns ka???  plz rply (sent from Dombivli)
dombivli to thane status? (sent from Dombivli)
dombivli to Thane, what's the status 
what's the status of train from Titwala to CST (sent from Titwala Stn.)
r u on mumbra stn  ??
how is train working between dadar to Cst
कांजुरमार्ग से अंबरनाथ ट्रेन का क्या हाल है ? (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)
what the status of train from matunga to kurla?? (sent from Matunga Road Stn.)
all r asking $ train chalu hai kya$ and waiting for someone who reply $ sab train bandh haj ghar se mat niklo$ ,😁😁😁 (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)
Thanks. Kitna delay hai? (sent from Shahad)
whats the status of mulund to ghatkopar train?
Haan Kya situation kalva ka??? (sent from Chunabhatti)
what is thane station position (sent from Elphinstone Road Stn.)
kaha k liye nhi available hai...?
train chi ky conditions ahe ???? plzzz help .... (sent from Kalva)
how is the scenario in central line today? (sent from Lower Parel)
what about Kasara asangoan training  (sent from Virar Stn.)
what's the status of train ? I want to travel Mulund (sent from Matunga Stn.)
train chi ky conditions ahe ???? plzzz help .... (sent from Kalva)
kya train chalu hai??? (sent from Mumbai Central Stn.)
cst status ? (sent from Marine Lines Stn.)
train status dombivli to dadar?? (sent from Dombivli)
hello what is the status of central railway
what is the situation of train goin towards kurla
what is status for dadar to thanee (sent from Sewri)
dombivli to Kalyan train are on time? (sent from Kopar Stn.)
from cst to Kalyan ???
are trains from dadar working fine? (sent from Santa Cruz)
  Whats the Thane status??? (sent from Kalva)
dadar to Thane? (sent from Santa Cruz)
kalyan to thane safe to travel ?
?? (sent from Matunga Stn.)
are train functioning from dadar to kalyan?? (sent from Matunga Road Stn.)
diva se kalva train chalu hai ky?  (sent from Dativali)
want to travel from parel to thane, should I?
r trains working ??? (sent from Vidyavihar)
what is the status between csmt to ghatkopar? (sent from Charni Road)
thana se Kalyan chalu hai kya train? 
Thane to Kasara train status?  (sent from Kalva)
Are Trains Running from karjat To Thane? (sent from Ghatkopar)
are trains running on central line?
is Train running between ghansoli to Thane ? 
bhai ap station pe hi ho?? (sent from Chunabhatti)
is train working from Dombivli to Ghatkopar? (sent from Dombivli)
Hi are central trains from Thane to Kurla working?
?????? (sent from Kalyan)
Thane to Kasara train status? (sent from Ghansoli)
Bhadup Me Train aa Rahi hai kya time pr?
all trains has been stop???
2 bolas na magashi?  (sent from Tilak Nagar Stn.)
what is train position from Kalyan to Ghatkopar 
Dombivali to Mulund train chalu hai kya? (sent from Bhiwandi Road)
byculla to kalwa chalu ahe ka? (sent from Tilak Nagar Stn.)
there is water logging in Sion due to which train are moving so much slow between Sion to matunga (sent from Matunga Road Stn.)
churchgate to Andheri running? (sent from Elphinstone Road Stn.)
towards mumbar status??
train status Kya hai?? (sent from Gtb Nagar Stn.)
how about dadar to thane (sent from Lower Parel)
is there any train from dadar to badlapur (sent from Badlapur)
dombivili to Kalyan? (sent from Thakurli)
fast line band?? (sent from Jogeshwari Stn.)
shahad to thane ? Any update (sent from Shahad Stn.)
parel  to mulund  train  chalu  hay? (sent from Mulund Stn.)
mulund to dadar trains h? (sent from Parel)
are trains running towards CST to Titwala?  (sent from Churchgate)
क्या दादर से cst की साइड ट्रेन बराबर चल रही हैं...? (sent from Grant Road Stn.)
okay but trains available on Central right? even though late (sent from Parel)
shahad to thane? (sent from Shahad Stn.)
11.42 train from Mulund to thane when reach Mulund (sent from Mulund Stn.)
mumbra to kanjur train status ??
what's app on this Mr Aniket 9653316585 (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
is it safe to travel from Dombivli to Dadar? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
wb  domb to dadar fast line? (sent from Dombivli)
Express train chalu hai kya?? i wanna go to lonavla (sent from Vadala Road)
What is current status  (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)
churchgate to Andheri working? (sent from Elphinstone Road Stn.)
trains r proper running or not?? (sent from Badlapur)
dombivli to ambernath train sts ?
Are the trains running Towards CST ? (sent from Vikhroli)
status of soon? (sent from Belapur Cbd Stn.)
domb to dadar????? (sent from Dombivli)
what is the status of train from badlapur to kalyan  (sent from Badlapur)
dombivali to cst all ok...!?  (sent from Churchgate)
Thane to dombivali?
thane to csmt? are trains running fine?  (sent from Thane)
Trains from Dadar to cst status? (sent from Kings Circle Stn.)
dombivali to cst..!? plzz reply (sent from Churchgate)
any update for asangaon? (sent from Koparkhairne)
Kanpur to Parel? (sent from Kanjur Marg)
really??
what is stuts of ambivali to cst train (sent from Ambivli Stn.)
ghatkoper to thane train chalu he kya??? (sent from Jogeshwari)
Mulund to CST train running or not? (sent from Mulund)
bhai jane k liye rasta hai ya nahi ??? (sent from Ambernath)
bhai jane k liye rasta hai ya nahi ??? (sent from Ambernath)
dombivli ghatkoper??? are train running
andheri Station to lower Parel? will be working?  (sent from Vile Parle)
 please update Kalva to Kalyan are trains working and on time? (sent from Kalva)
Kanjur to parel??? pls bolo (sent from Kanjur Marg)
Kalyan to Dadar train chal rhi kya? (sent from Ambivli Stn.)
are trains working?
ambernath to ghatkopar train running or not 
Guys, Kisi ne call karke bataya ki train ataka hai kalva par. yaha bol rahe hai ki koi issue nahi hai. is someone actually travelling right now?
How can we get updates about Express Trains         (Mumbai pune)      ?? (sent from Santa Cruz Stn.)
Train status towards Kanjurmarg??  (sent from Thane Stn.)
kalyan to kurla is train working???
Train status towards Kanjurmarg??  (sent from Thane Stn.)
are the trains working for asangao ?
central line time par hai kya?? 
Kalyan to Thane locals time pe hai Kya ? (sent from Vithalwadi)
down side clear hai kya??
any WhatsApp group where updates are more accurate? (sent from Shahad)
is thane to dadar running? (sent from Goregaon Stn.)
hey friends what's status of Ambernath to cst train its delay or cancelled 
are trains running from dombivli??
for central update what app to Mr. aniket group limit is 256 only (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
what the status of trains in central line (sent from Gtb Nagar)
whats train status now?  (sent from Mumbra Stn.)
is there any problem between thane and dombivli?  (sent from Ghatkopar)
what is the latest status of central ry (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)
central line chalu hai kya ?  (sent from Kurla Stn.)
paani jo log hua tha....has it resolved? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
what was the statues
what is train status from Kalyan to thane (sent from Ambernath)
are trains running from kalwa?  (sent from Mumbra Stn.)
are trains running from vikroli to kurla?? (sent from Panvel)
is central working properly from kasama?
how are trains now? (sent from Lower Parel)
are the trains on time to Thane? (sent from Ghatkopar) (sent from Ghatkopar)
kasara?
are trains running on time?
are the slow trains between thane & diva are started? (sent from Kurla Stn.)
what about Kurla to dombiwli (sent from Mankhurd Stn.)
Hi Friends What About Train Status From Kalyan to CST.... (sent from Shahad Stn.)
is there water logging in sion
what is train statu  (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
what is status of train from rituals to cst (sent from Ambivli Stn.)
Badlapur to thane train status...?? 
any train between kurla to dadar sir????
trains available from mulund to kalyan??
how is it from kurla to bhandup
baarish hai kurla mei??  (sent from Mumbra)
r the train running from kanjurmarg to Dombivli? 
up trains are working? 
kalyan k loye train j?
status of train from Ghatkoper to Thane?
When did the train start from Kalyan? (sent from Shahad)
thane to Ghatkopar local hai kya ?
where is the kasara train now
what's position between CST to Thane
thana to sandurst road route clear hai?? dikaat nhi na 
Thane to kalyan?
thane se Ghatkopar ?
Mulund to kalyan is working? 
dadae to thane train is available?? 
train chalu aahe ka mitranno? vidhyavihar pasun? (sent from Kalva)
dom to dadar train chalu hai ka? (sent from Kopar)
thane se Ghatkopar ???
can anybody tell about kasara train where is now (sent from Titwala Stn.)
sandurst road phochna hai thana main hu pohoch sakta hu kya? 2 taak? 
Status from Ambarnath towards CST??? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
train time pe hai kya? kalyan to thane? 
are trains running on time?
vidhyavihar pasun sanga re baba koni? (sent from Kalva)
status from kurla to Mulund ? (sent from Tilak Nagar)
Line clear for kurla to thane?  (sent from Tilak Nagar)
status from Kurla to CST?
centerline chalu ka ? (sent from Santa Cruz)
thane to cst chalu hai?? (sent from Masjid Stn.)
mulund to kalyan?
kurla- dadar?
Not sure how people observe situation a but fact is trains stranded near SION in a queue from last half an hour guys do not  on board train until it's very urgent. (sent from Kings Circle Stn.)
puch rahe ho ki Bata rahe ho yaar?? :-D (sent from Kalva)
  what about cst to thane (sent from Currey Road Stn.)
what about central local tren kalyan to thane any one riply (sent from Titwala Stn.)
Dadar to Kalyan train chalu hai kya?? (sent from Elphinstone Road Stn.)
what about cstm down locals
can u tell me d timing i mean which kasara (sent from Titwala Stn.)
what about nerul to thane (sent from Nerul)
status from dadar to kalyan? (sent from Vile Parle Stn.)
trains are running in central line?  (sent from Kurla)
train to csmt is running or not
what about kalyan situation (sent from Vithalwadi)
are trains running down from Kalyan to CSTM on time? (sent from Kalyan)
what about cstm down locals
all trains are running or not?
what type of group 
what about cst to thane ? (sent from Mahalakshmi Stn.)
CST to Dombivli are trains running? (sent from Grant Road Stn.)
what about nerul to thane? (sent from Nerul)
trains are running for ppl who might need it in emergency so if anything is urgent just go and check or else leave it
sion ke age train chalu he kya? (sent from Mumbra Stn.)
are trains running normally between Ghatkopar and Kurla? (sent from Vidyavihar Stn.)
what's the situation from Mulund towards CST  (sent from Masjid Stn.)
Kalyan to Thane ???? (sent from Kalyan)
which place ? (sent from Dadar Stn.)
trains are running proper??? (sent from Byculla)
byculla to mumbra Any update? (sent from Mumbai Central)
fast trains towards cst status?? (sent from Mulund Stn.)
what is the problem
are trains on time from kalyan to cst? (sent from Sandhurst Road Stn.)
 thane to Dadar please update? (sent from Thane Stn.)
PL COOPERATE. If everyone stops asking the same question, "Are trains working from A to B?", you'll see the actual updates shared... Take care! (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)
dadar totitwal train chalu hai kya?  (sent from Dadar Stn.)
karjat train kidr tk aayi ?? (sent from Badlapur Stn.)
Thanx Arzu Would U Like To Contribute?
cst to kalyan trains are working???? (sent from Bhandup)
what's condition of Train
curry road to kurla?? (sent from Lower Parel)
train status? (sent from Thane)
mira Rd to dadar train are working....?  (sent from Mira Road)
trains from cst to kalyan are working??  (sent from Cst Stn.)
how much late train?? from thane to cst train?  (sent from Rabale Stn.)
are trains running on central? (sent from Thakurli Stn.)
Kurla to Kalyan any update train on time ? (sent from Santa Cruz Stn.)
titwala line is smooth?  (sent from Vidyavihar Stn.)
news are coming that water has started logging on sion station tracks..is it true? (sent from Vikhroli)
why (sent from Dombivli)
what is the status of central railway from thane to csmt after 12 'o' clock?
csmt to badlapur any update .? (sent from Churchgate Stn.)
HI everyone pls update what status train Karla to mumbra stn
trains r working? (sent from Tilak Nagar)
ghatkoper ka kya haal hai??  (sent from Rabale Stn.)
tell me sion ???? (sent from Dadar)
Are trains working from Ghatkopar to Thane???  (sent from Andheri)
sion matunga status? (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)
Exactly. That's what I'm thinking. If a girl can travel without any issues then why can't others?? I reached from Kalyan to Ghatkopar without any issues. 
what is the status of trian from Kalyan??
what is status of Aasangaon trains?  (sent from Shahad Stn.)
Mulund to Dadar trains chalu hoga? (sent from Nahur)
Thane to Dadar trains working?
is central line working properly? (sent from Dombivli)
train status from thane to cst??  (sent from Badlapur)
thane to ghatkopar train working or not
khapoli k liye train chalu hai kya? (sent from Ghatkopar)
kalyan Jane ke liye train chalu ?? (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)
metro chalu hai kya? 😂  (sent from Airoli Stn.)
is central down line working properly???
is train is working from dadar to badlapur? (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)
Please don't do this. Let everybody be on the same chat platform.  What's the use of a what's app group when you are getting all information here. I never faced any issues with m indicator chat. And moreover your what's app group will not provide privacy. All the contact numbers will be public. 
train Are On Time...?
ghatkopar to panvel train is running or not? (sent from Ghatkopar)
vidyavihar se cst traun chalu h...? (sent from Vidyavihar)
Kanjurmarg to dombivli status?  (sent from Kopar Stn.)
kurla to karjat/khopoli trains are working?????? (sent from Govandi)
are trains in time?
Atleast we girls cannot join your group and make our contact numbers public. You are depriving us of important updates because of this baseless what's app group
trains r working or not to panvel? (sent from Ghatkopar)
which train update u (sent from Dadar Stn.)
are trains running from thane to CST? (sent from Thane)
what is train condition 
kanjurmarg to dombivli status?  (sent from Kopar Stn.)
what is the current status of train from ambernath to cstm  (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
Thane to belapur status? any body idea trin is late or cancel? (sent from Nahur Stn.)
what's the current status of dadar to karjat/kasara (sent from Chembur Stn.)
what is the status of mumbai pune express trains ? (sent from Dadar Stn.)
kasra to kalyan train chalu hai kya?
trains from ambernath on time? (sent from Ambernath)
trains are working frm mulund ?
thane to vashi ??? (sent from Matunga Road Stn.)
mulund toh kalyn ka update batao?
are there trains from dadar towards dombivli or Kalyan?
curry road to kurla?m (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)
what is Central line status, (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
Thane to CST fast train working? (sent from Thane Stn.)
are trains running between kasara & CST, as one of my family member is stuck in kasara?please reply  (sent from Byculla Stn.)
what is the train status from Kalyan to karjat
is train running Kurla to Dadar..? (sent from Vile Parle Stn.)
Just Helping Peoples . Just Ask Those In Grp How Relevant Info Has Been Sent .
Ghatkopar ke liye trains h? (sent from Bandra Stn.)
to and from ambernath any idea? (sent from Ambernath)
are trains on time from mulund to cst? (sent from Sandhurst Road Stn.)
what's the status people
asangaon kasara chalu hai kya??
where is the fast train which have the arrival time is 1pm on thane station for khopoli (sent from Thane Stn.)
wt is the trains status are they running?
kasara to kalyan chalj hai kya?
Hey I want to travel kayan to ghatkopar is it advisable? (sent from Shahad)
kurla to thane ki trains chalu hai Kya ? (sent from Mulund)
train status at amber nath? (sent from Ambernath)
kasara to kalyan chalu hai kya?
Ghatkopar la jayla trains aahet ka chalu? (sent from Mulund)
ambernath ? (sent from Ambernath)
Ghatkopar la jayla trains aahet ka chalu? (sent from Mulund)
btw does anyone know if malshej ghat is open?? (sent from Bhandup)
i am at matunga is it okay to go by train? (sent from Vadala Road Stn.)
central line var local train chalu ahet ka kalyan ?
ghatkopar to Mulund trains working? (sent from Andheri Stn.)
Badlapur to Ghatkopar chalu hai kya? (sent from Badlapur)
mulund to kalyan train hain? (sent from Mulund)
ghatkopar to Mulund trains working? (sent from Andheri Stn.)
what about central line... are the trains moving?  (sent from Churchgate)
plz update.. i need to reach mulund from kalyan.. what is current sts of trains running??  (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
कल्याण अंबरनाथ लोकल सुरू आहेत का? (sent from Mumbra Stn.)
cstm se kyn ki tren chalu hai ki band hai ?
badlapur to ghatkopar , train chalu hai kya? (sent from Badlapur)
central line getting back to normal or not??
Vidyavihar since  30mins no slow  train coming towards Thane   .....  update ??? (sent from Vidyavihar Stn.)
Thane se Churchgate ki trn chal rahi hai na? (sent from Cst)
are trains moving smoothly??  (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
down trains working ? (sent from Vidyavihar)
byculaa varun kalyan jayla train chalu aahet ka? (sent from Vithalwadi)
updates? (sent from Grant Road)
water logged in thane right? 
still raining? (sent from Vashi Stn.)
what's the situation of kalyan to CSTM trains, ?
what's the status of Mulund to Kurla?? (sent from Mulund Stn.)
sir how mach cost of quarterly paas for 1st clss (sent from Matunga)
what about Thane to Rabale
thane se CST train chal rahi hai na? (sent from Cst)
mi vashi la ahe but mla ghari return jaych ahe so asking....any prbm? anything else?  (sent from Vashi Stn.)
Are the trains from badlapur to cstm?
is there water logging in kurla and sion? (sent from Churchgate Stn.)
what is the current situation of central railway.
kalyan se upside trains proper time pe hai? (sent from Kalyan)
CR on time? (sent from Thakurli)
what's the status of Kasara to CSTM ?
Thane se CST train chal rahi hai na? (sent from Cst)
what is train condition
kanjur Marg to Kurla train chalu hai kya? please answer (sent from Kanjur Marg)
kya status h central line ka? (sent from Mahalakshmi)
trains running from Dadar to thane? (sent from Grant Road Stn.)
train running between ghatkopar and kalyan?
Are the trains running from Csmt to Ambernath ? (sent from Sandhurst Road Stn.)
fast train on time pe h kya????  (sent from Nahur)
where u want to go (sent from Juinagar)
train are running or not
what's the status kalyan to dadar (sent from Ambivli)
ghatkopar se train challu hai kya?
kalwa to cst...trains status please?? (sent from Kalva)
csmt line working?
kalwa mei paani bhara hai kyaa??
thane to cst?? whats the status?
wht about Express trns r they on time or not
vidyavihar to dombivali?? 
train.proper time pe h kya??  (sent from Nahur)
kurla to parel? (sent from Elphinstone Road)
tumhi aata kuthe aahat (sent from Juinagar)
trains from badlapur to cst? (sent from Badlapur)
is train running on Central line?? (sent from Dadar Stn.)
are the trains late from vithalwadi to karjat? (sent from Vithalwadi)
what is the situation on central line from Mulund to Asangaon and vice versa 
cst to bhandup? (sent from Mumbai Central)
Sandhurst road to Thane local is running properly or not
thane to kalyan status? (sent from Dombivli)
is there water logging at thane?
how is rain in Bhandup..?  (sent from Lower Parel)
Position from Ulhasnagar to Karjat?  (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
are trains working from CST to Kurla ?
dadar to thane, trains are working?  (sent from Bandra)
kurla to thane traim working?? (sent from Tilak Nagar)
Kalyan to thane ? (sent from Shahad)
thane to Kalyan on tme???
any train from badlapur to Cst? 
are trains running from thane to airoli...?? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
is there any train left from thane for cst? (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
what to do ??? should i go for job or not? (sent from Shahad)
what is the status of dadar to kurla train (sent from Santa Cruz)
what is status to day (sent from Cotton Green Stn.)
thane to Kalyan train chalu hai ? (sent from Ambernath Stn.)
i am at ghatkopr. there is an indicator for dadar train.. any cst train is coming after dadar train? (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
kurla to thane train status??? (sent from Tilak Nagar)
trains are from Thane to Ambernath?????
badlapur to CST? 
what is status of central line  (sent from Kalyan)
what about down train (sent from Thane Stn.)
cst going train are OK ?
thane k liye koi train hai kya ?? (sent from Bhandup Stn.)
is kasara local running ?
r the trains running? (sent from Kalyan)
is Thane to Ambernath train is running????
panvel to thane chalu h kya ? (sent from Panvel)
what about cst to dombivli? (sent from Churchgate)
cst to Thane???  (sent from Kurla Stn.)
status of trains from CSTM to THANE?
need to go to cst from Kalyan... how late r they running (sent from Kalyan)
had to go to vikroli from Ambernath.. anyone knows status of trains from Ambernath onwards?
what about to kalwa station???  (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
what about trains from dadar to cst  (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)
is cst to thane train working? 
Kalyan to diva train ?
sion ka kay hal hai bahiiii???? (sent from Dadar)
what is the status of train movement between Matunga and Sion?
 are trains running from thane to dombivli??  (sent from Seawood Darave Stn.)
titwala to Kalyan train status? (sent from Ambivli Stn.)
Koyal Status Of Thane?
Is There Any Water On Tracks Thane?
Sion Still Waterlogged?
thane to kasara local chalu hai ? (sent from Ambernath Stn.)
CST to kalyan running? (sent from Churchgate Stn.)
are trains running properly from Dombivli ??? (sent from Dombivli)
can anyone tell me the status of mulund? (sent from Dombivli)
trains are running or nt between kurla to ghatkopar..? (sent from Juinagar)
can someone tell me if, fast trains Stop at Currey road? (sent from Gtb Nagar Stn.)
what is the status of kurla to ambernath
Are trains to titwala running??
status of mulund?? (sent from Dombivli)
fast trains are running?
kurla to Kanjur marg what is the status (sent from Bhayander)
Are trains running properly from Cst to Badlapur??? (sent from Nahur)
is fm Badlapur to cst trains runs...?  (sent from Badlapur)
can someone suggest best route to travel from mulund West to lower parel, some where close by mathuradas mill compound  (sent from Gtb Nagar Stn.)
Kalyan to CST up fast line chalu hai kya...?? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
hey guys I am making new what app group for train updates .... do u want to join ...  (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
what's the status between Dadar to thane (sent from Naigaon Stn.)
Dombivli to Kalwa - Trains running ? (sent from Dombivli)
diva to ghatkoper chalu ahet ka???
is there water logging in thane ? (sent from Grant Road Stn.)
Sion Status Anyone?
are trains from Mulund to Dadar running?
are trains running from kurla to thane?  (sent from Kurla Stn.)
sandhurst road se dadar chal rahi hai trai  bhai log? (sent from Sandhurst Road Stn.)
really??  (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
wat about thane to Dombivli??? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
are the trains working well now? 
what about Thane to Dadar??  (sent from Airoli Stn.)
what about byculla to badlapur (sent from Chinchpokli Stn.)
any updates from Parel station? (sent from Lower Parel)
what is kalwa station status (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
what about trains from kurla to kalyan
Train status from thane to vikroli? (sent from Koparkhairne)
what the train status from dombivli to thane?
what about malad to borivali...?? 
r trains running fine? (sent from Dadar Stn.)
Hi what is Trian status (sent from Juinagar)
train status Ambernath to Thane??? (sent from Ambernath)
trains chalu hey?
r trains running? (sent from Dadar Stn.)
are train running on time? (sent from Kurla)
kiti time jhale?
what is status  (sent from Churchgate)
Is central line working properly...?? (sent from Ghatkopar)
Where is the Karjat train  (sent from Badlapur Stn.)
does anyone inform me train status between Ambernath to Thane?? (sent from Ambernath)
Dombivali to sion status?
all trains are on time ? (sent from Chunabhatti)
Trains from Kalyan to Karjat are running on time ? (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)
kurla to thane chalu ahe ka ? (sent from Chunabhatti)
are trains working from dadar to Kalyan? 
are at Sion ? (sent from Sion Stn.)
Ghatkopar se Dombivali train ka status kya hai ? (sent from Ghatkopar)
Kalyan to badlapur downside??? (sent from Airoli Stn.)
what about nerul to thane (sent from Nerul)
Trains are running from Dombivali to Thane? (sent from Nilje)
seriously?? (sent from Vashi Stn.)
train is working now in central line?  (sent from Kanjur Marg)
 to thane working train??
aisa kyu ? (sent from Chunabhatti)
kurla to currey road train chalu aahe ka ? (sent from Juinagar Stn.)
what's the train status (sent from Bhandup)
whether cst to thane train running?  (sent from Matunga Stn.)
from kanjur to dadar?  (sent from Kanjur Marg)
r central line trains working ??? (sent from Vidyavihar)
are trains on time? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
CST to kalyan chalu hai?
what is the current status of trains on central line ?
what about ambernath  (sent from Vashi Stn.)
ghatkopar to karjat trains chalu hai kya? (sent from Andheri)
train run Mumbra to Kurla?
is the train working properly (sent from Bhandup)
Mulund k liye train hai ky? (sent from Ghatkopar)
any update for central line?? (sent from Chunabhatti)
parel to ghatkopar trains chal raha hai kya ? (sent from Elphinstone Road Stn.)
train run Mumbra to Kurla?
centrail railway running? (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)
sutti Nahi la?? (sent from Kanjur Marg)
sutti Nahi ka ?? (sent from Kanjur Marg)
central line trains are on time??? (sent from Bandra)
Ab mumbra ruk rahi hai ya nahi..??? (sent from Sandhurst Road Stn.)
kurla to ghatkopar?
1.33 che pn cancell jali ka??? (sent from Badlapur)
badlapur se train chal rahi hai kya? 
trains running to Kalyan?
aj office la sutti gheu Ka ??? (sent from Kanjur Marg)
Ghatkopar to dadar train chalu ahe ka? 
Is central line working?
cst se ghatkopar tari chalu hai kya ??? (sent from Cst Stn.)
Is any karjat train coming near thane (sent from Thane Stn.)
ambernath ke liye trains ja rahi h kya dadar se?  (sent from Matunga Road Stn.)
cst to thane slow trains running ? (sent from Elphinstone Road Stn.)
Dombivli to Thane trains chalu ahet ka ? (sent from Dombivli)
Thane to csmt train Chalu aahet Ka? slow train.... kute water logging zala aahe Ka ajun? (sent from Nahur)
what is the train status from ghatkopar towards thane (sent from Mulund)
 what about sevagrams status
trains are running late or stopped? (sent from Badlapur Stn.)
is khopoli can't trains are running????? (sent from Khopoli Stn.)
train Chalu aahe Ka? (sent from Nahur)
bhau csr train kutli??? (sent from Kanjur Marg)
central train running ? (sent from Diva Jn)
? 
train status?? (sent from Mulund)
what about Kurla to Vikhroli?
what is the train status between thane to mumbra (sent from Mumbra)
dadar to vikroli kitna time lag raha hai aaj ? (sent from Borivali)
salary tu denar ka ?😁😁😁 (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
Thane to CST train status ?
trains running from Sandhurst to dadar ? (sent from Bandra)
train is working or not in central? (sent from Jogeshwari)
dadar to cstm train status....? (sent from Andheri Stn.)
Kalyan to Sion safe ahe Ka ? (sent from Shahad)
kalyan se ghatkopar chalu hai ??
are trains working!??
Kurla to Currey Road chal Hua kya?  (sent from Nerul Stn.)
Thane to CST train status ?
dadar to vikroli train chalu h kya? plz inform (sent from Andheri Stn.)
Nasik la jayche ahe Jan Shatabdi cancel jhali ahe ka???? (sent from Parel)
sion to cst working or not? (sent from Chunabhatti)
what about karjat to cstm (sent from Neral Stn.)
where is 12.55 kalyan 15 car
mumbra to byculla train on hai kya ? (sent from Malad)
trains are working fine ?
now? 1hour late? (sent from Chunabhatti)
what is the status of Khopoli to dadar (sent from Khopoli)
cst to kalyan local train running on time?  (sent from Cotton Green Stn.)
? (sent from Belapur Cbd Stn.)
status between kurla and vikhroli? (sent from Tilak Nagar Stn.)
what about Thane to dadar
it isnt moviNg?? (sent from Mumbai Central Stn.)
is mulund to kurla train active?? (sent from Mulund)
 are trains on time?  (sent from Vidyavihar Stn.)
kurla to dombivalli trains chalu he kya?
bhai log what about asangav and Kasara status
what about live status (sent from Matunga Stn.)
cst to Thane line working?
tumchi pick up n drop service ahe ka? (sent from Cst)
Ambernath to thane slow trains runnig or not? (sent from Ambernath)
what is status of titwala to cstm  (sent from Titwala Stn.)
is there any delayed in local trains (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)
thane se dombivli trains hai?
Asangaon fast dadar la aali ahe?  (sent from Kurla Stn.)
is there any delayed in local trains (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)
Ghatkopar SE Mulund train hai?? (sent from Ghatkopar)
what abt harbour kurla to CSt (sent from Mulund)
Are trains are running between kurla to dadar? (sent from Kurla Stn.)
badlapur to cst status?
what about central  (sent from Ghatkopar)
what is the status of train from Ghatkopar to Kalyan
is there train available from dadar to Thane (sent from Mahim Jn Stn.)
where is 12.55 kalyan 15 car
guys I have made what's app group for train live update ...if any wants to join please message 7718050505 (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
what about 15 cars fast local for kalyan where it is? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
bhaio train chl rh h k ni Kurla se Mumbra k bich?? (sent from Kurla)
thane?
water track ke bahut upar hai kya? (sent from Dadar Stn.)
is there any water logging on stations? (sent from Nahur Stn.)
train is running from shahad to byculla ?? (sent from Shahad Stn.)
where is badlapur to cst local at 1:22 from badlapur (sent from Badlapur Stn.)
what is the current status of kasara fast pls update me (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
what the status from Kalyan to Pune mail (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
at what time train will start from Dadar to titlwala (sent from Dadar Stn.)
thane se train?
any update on central line?
anybody at Sion station? what is the status? (sent from Nahur Stn.)
koni sagel ka?mulund local chalu ahet ka? (sent from Parel Stn.)
whether the train is running at Central line?? (sent from Churchgate)
are trains working? from Kalyan towards Dadar? (sent from Shahad)
status of train from Ambernath?? (sent from Ambernath)
what is the status of trains from Thane to ambernath
Kurla to Mumbra ...is that wkrng?? (sent from Kurla)
what about Dadar? (sent from Parel)
what update in train timing  (sent from Govandi)
trains r wotking frm shahad to byculla or no? (sent from Shahad Stn.)
central slow line from ghatkopar to Thane is runningor not? (sent from Andheri)
what a rubbish (sent from Byculla Stn.)
what about central railway run (sent from Mulund Stn.)
yes helping out people who are stuck (sent from Parel)
are trains from kurla to dadar working ??
yaaar slow train chalu hai kya??? (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)
what is condition present time for central railway (sent from Badlapur Stn.)
any issue in between mumbara and kurla? (sent from Vidyavihar)
what is the train status from Ghatkopar to kalyan
what is the current local train status frm kalyan to csmt ?Is there any waterlogging issue on central line ??
what is the status of Badlapur trains (sent from Chunabhatti)
yes where r u now
what is the train status from Ghatkopar to kalyan
train are working from dadar to thane?? (sent from Kalva Stn.)
? (sent from Airoli Stn.)
hows the situation from dadar to thane?
Pune te lonvala  local train chalu ahe ka??? (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
Kalyan train chalu hai kya?? (sent from Sanpada Stn.)
what is status of fast trains to kalyan  (sent from Byculla Stn.)
water logging Sion stn la aahe Ka? (sent from Nahur)
trains from thane to ambernath are working? (sent from Nerul Stn.)
what about mumbai railway  (sent from Mulund Stn.)
kurla to karjat train chalu ahe ka ??? (sent from Ambernath)
thane to dadar trains r working? (sent from Thane)
is train running from thane to cst?? (sent from Kalva)
What's the update for today (sent from Mahim Jn)
thane se kurla trains ka update? (sent from Vidyavihar)
is train left from badlapur for CST?
what about cst train
will i get 1:53 karjat fast from thane on time? (sent from Thane Stn.)
thane to kalyan chalu aahe? 
are .?? train working towards kanjurmarg from dadar (sent from Dadar)
down train status from CSTM toward thane?
what is the status of down slow train& (sent from Vidyavihar)
kurla dadar train update? (sent from Kurla)
Dadar to Thane train?? (sent from Elphinstone Road Stn.)
what is the status on the route kalyan to kasara? (sent from Karjat Stn.)
what is status now?  (sent from Koparkhairne)
 downside trains towards karjat are working or nt...? (sent from Shelu)
what a live status central line Mumbai  (sent from Mulund Stn.)
any trains from cst to Thane?? (sent from Sion Stn.)
what? (sent from Elphinstone Road Stn.)
there is some issue in Matunga....because of which the slow locals are stucked one behind another (sent from Elphinstone Road Stn.)
Dombivli to ghatkopar train chalu hai kya?? (sent from Dombivli)
is this true?  (sent from Koparkhairne)
Kurla to Kalyan train chal rhi ?
what is happening (sent from Dadar Stn.)
are trains running from nahur to CST?? (sent from Nahur Stn.)
what u wanna know
any updates from kalyan to cst trains?  (sent from Kalyan)
thane to kalyan train status please???
is there any water log in any of the stations ...
 badlapur to  thane trains status please? (sent from Badlapur)
kurla to cst trains are on time??  (sent from Khandeshwar)
are trains running frm thane to dombivli ? (sent from Thane)
Right now I am in Kalyan local which is on platform number 1 of Parel station...just behind ambernath local (sent from Elphinstone Road Stn.)
no trains starting from cst? (sent from Churchgate)
are trains running from byculla to thane?? (sent from Grant Road Stn.)
What about Titwala(1:12) train??It has not reached Kurla yet
what's the status of train (sent from Mumbai Central Stn.)
?? (sent from Borivali)
Asangaon train is at Dadar Statin only since 20 minutes . What is the problm ? (sent from Dadar Stn.)
why karjat fast is not moving from bhyculla (sent from Byculla Stn.)
is there any technical problem? (sent from Dadar Stn.)
what going on Central line
can we reach thane to matunga? 
what about thane to ghatkopar plz reply
are trains running fine? (sent from Airoli Stn.)
what about badlapur train (sent from Dadar Stn.)
what about Byculla to thane (sent from Byculla Stn.)
dadar to kurla trains r running kya ?? (sent from Goregaon)
trains working? (sent from Airoli Stn.)
what is status of Kalyan to Kasara (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
bhai khudi ko krke buland pahunch gye office jaise taise, ab batao wapas ghar  jayen kaise??? (sent from Borivali Stn.)
what about ambernath train 12:54 from cst? (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)
by how much minutes the train are late (sent from Dombivli)
koun si fast? (sent from Byculla Stn.)
what about Mulund to CST ...any update ? (sent from Mulund Stn.)
trains are on time or not?? (sent from Khar Road)
I am at dadar station. What about train towards titwala station 
what about down train Dadar to ambernath (sent from Vile Parle)
Is the slow train running properly 
what about Dadar to badlapur (sent from Dadar Stn.)
what is the news of thane train because it is stuck between parel and dadar (sent from Elphinstone Road Stn.)
do train dadar to Kalyan working ? (sent from Malad Stn.)
is there any water logging at any station 
are trains running on time? (sent from Tilak Nagar)
is it safe to step out?
Dadar -cst ??any updates ?? (sent from Kings Circle)
Can one summarize what is the current update for trains from CST towards Thane? thanks (sent from Grant Road)
anyone at Thane for Dombivli? r trains working ?
dadar se aage fast train ka koi update??? (sent from Byculla Stn.)
kuthe rahtes ?
Ghatkopar se cst cahlu ha ky? (sent from Vidyavihar)
any update for central Kalyan to kurla?
kalva to bhandup ??!
 tu Adi ka bhai hai kya ? (sent from Airoli Stn.)
other downside trains till Dombivli r working?
goregaon to sewri train available?
kalwa to kalyan train available??
trains are running in Central Line??? (sent from Khar Road)
thane to kalyan any update?  (sent from Ghansoli)
any update on Currey road to thane ?  (sent from Lower Parel)
dadar thane chalu ahe ka? (sent from Elphinstone Road Stn.)
what is train status  (sent from Mulund)
wat about kasara and asngaon trains? (sent from Kurla Stn.)
is any problem  at central line? 
thane to cst trains chalu hai kya ? (sent from Airoli Stn.)
train status from Ggatkopar to kalyan...?
kanjurmarg to thane train when he will come 
what the condition in central line (sent from Chinchpokli Stn.)
anyone looking out for job?  (sent from Thane Stn.)
trains running or not in central??? (sent from Navade Road)
is any problem  at central line? from Pune 
kalyan to thane is working?
Kindly know what is the status of vikhroli to ambernath train (sent from Vikhroli)
kalyan to cst?  (sent from Mahalakshmi Stn.)
what is the status of Train between Thane to dadar (sent from Vikhroli)
train late ahet Ka?? (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)
anyone looking for job ??? (sent from Thane Stn.)
is mulund station waterlogged?
what about Kalyan to CST
anyone for Beer ? (sent from Airoli Stn.)
private वाल्यांची अवस्था अशी आहे की स्मशाना समोरून गेलो तरी मुडदं उठून विचारत्यात, "काय पगार वाढला काय?" (sent from Gtb Nagar)
what is the train status between kalyan to thane (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
what is status at thane? (sent from Badlapur)
what about cst to Kalyan (sent from Mulund Stn.)
train chal rhi hai ya nhi.....???????  (sent from Malad Stn.)
dadar to thane status? (sent from Vile Parle Stn.)
what about the other side?
any update Ghatkopar to Byculla? (sent from Vidyavihar)
how are central line working from thakutli to upside  (sent from Thakurli Stn.)
trains are running in the central line? (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)
iz there any announcement of kasara and asngaon trains? (sent from Kurla Stn.)
kya job hai? 
dadar to neral trains are on time? (sent from Santa Cruz Stn.)
dadar to kalyan train chalu hai ki nai? (sent from Dadar Stn.)
Ambernath to CST train status? (sent from Vithalwadi)
harber line chalu ahe ka ?please reply (sent from Vidyavihar Stn.)
wht abt slow train from dadar to krjt?  (sent from Dadar Stn.)
Job?
now what is the status of cstm to ambernath local train
Andhri to CST train are working? (sent from Elphinstone Road)
dadar  se  Thane train chalu hai?? (sent from Andheri)
Dhavlya there? (sent from Tilak Nagar Stn.)
Job Kay?
trains are working on central???
is there any serious problem at dadar station. We would like to know because we are waiting for 40 minutes  (sent from Elphinstone Road Stn.)
what kind of job it is? (sent from Byculla)
koi bataey ga mujhe Ghatkopar se Byculla chalu ha ky? (sent from Vidyavihar)
trains working in central line properly? (sent from Gtb Nagar Stn.)
badlapur te thane trainchi update milel ka? (sent from Badlapur)
how much time late is train  (sent from Chunabhatti)
where....???? (sent from Santa Cruz)
is train running normally from ambernath to thane?? (sent from Ambernath Stn.)
thane se cat slow train chalu h? (sent from Mulund)
Ghatkopar to Thane train is working or not?? (sent from Elphinstone Road Stn.)
can some one tell pls what is the issue at Dadar  (sent from Sion Stn.)
what is the status of goregaon csmt
mulund se titwala ki train late hai kya? (sent from Mulund Stn.)
ambernath to thane train chalu aahe ka?
what is status of asangaon and kasara train???
Kalyan to Dadar train chalu ahet ka? (sent from Kalyan)
what status of thane to kalyan train (sent from Thane Stn.)
are the trains working at all? or they are only delayed?
r train running from diva to CST ????
is there train running between Kalyan to khopoli
are CST to Thàne training running? (sent from Churchgate Stn.)
any train reaching kurla? (sent from Kurla Stn.)
what about train to CST
are Train for Ambernath working? (sent from Churchgate)
I am in kalyan train which is standing in outer of thane station for the past 20 minutes. (sent from Thane Stn.)
what is status on train (sent from Dadar)
thane to dadar is everything alright?
central on time???? (sent from Kalva)
going regular??? (sent from Kalva)
or delays? (sent from Kalva)
what is the status of train between diva to Mulund 
Bhandup to Ghatkopar - is there any train issue ? (sent from Bhandup Stn.)
trains status from thane please ?
what is the status of Badlapur  (sent from Badlapur Stn.)
thane to dombivali train chalu he Kya ? (sent from Airoli Stn.)
are train towards kalyan running on time ? (sent from Vidyavihar)
what is status of central local down  (sent from Vidyavihar)
train from CSMT to Thane??? (sent from Cst)
pl give info about local from kurla to matunga is it working? (sent from Kurla Stn.)
Are trains running on time?
what is the status of central local down  (sent from Vidyavihar)
dombivli to thane? is it working (sent from Dombivli)
what is status of kurla to thane (sent from Kurla Stn.)
what about Karjat to cst trains 
what about kurla to kanjurmarg (sent from Elphinstone Road Stn.)
Thane to Kalyan train status?? (sent from Mumbra)
can anyone update if trains running towards panvel are running on time?
ghatkopar to mulund is working? 
what abt from thane to titwala (sent from Vashi Stn.)
what is status from thane to Badlapur (sent from Ghansoli Stn.)
what is the status from thane to Kalyan train slow or fast ? (sent from Airoli Stn.)
Kurla to Mulund working??? (sent from Vikhroli)
what is the problem in dadar station (sent from Thane Stn.)
2.01 karjat where is now
what the status about Thane to Badlapur...?? 
what happened in matunga (sent from Mulund)
thane-kyn? (sent from Kalva Stn.)
Trains bandh ahe? (sent from Dombivli)
CST slow Kalyan ?  (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
asangoan train status anyone?  (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
chinchpokli to thane? (sent from Chinchpokli Stn.)
thane ambernath trains are running on time?? (sent from Airoli)
what about khopoli train? (sent from Badlapur)
Dadar Thane?  (sent from Bandra)
central line any update? (sent from Govandi)
what about Ghatkopar to Sion (sent from Airoli Stn.)
central line any update? (sent from Govandi)
which train? (sent from Thane Stn.)
oMG 1hr how ppls r managing their work... (sent from Shahad)
Thane to Sion? (sent from Airoli Stn.)
csmt to Kalyan trains time pe chal Rahi h?? (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)
What's the status of train in central and western line ? (sent from Goregaon)
what is the current update (sent from Lower Parel)
latest central train update? (sent from Kings Circle Stn.)
kurla? (sent from Bandra)
visind to thane ...how much late? (sent from Vasind)
thane ambernath running? (sent from Airoli)
harbor line chat pe pucho (sent from Mulund)
any train to USA??  (sent from Koparkhairne)
are Ghatkopar ka train cancel hua kya Kalyan k liye??? (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
what is the status abt dadar to karjat (sent from Jogeshwari Stn.)
which one? (sent from Thane Stn.)
Dadar se CST train chal rahi he?  (sent from Andheri Stn.)
train Mumbra to sion chalu h? (sent from Mumbra Stn.)
central line trains are running or not?
what's the status from Thane to chakkar please update (sent from Kalva)
thane se train chal rahi kya?  
is dadar to cst train running?PL reply (sent from Byculla Stn.)
kurla to dadar ?? (sent from Sanpada Stn.)
how is the weather in thane? (sent from Virar)
current status of trains from Dombivli to thane?  (sent from Kopar Stn.)
Thane to Kalyan trains chalu hai kya?? (sent from Kalva)
what is the train status (sent from Karjat Stn.)
Dadar Station se CST train chal rahi he?  (sent from Vile Parle)
thane to mulund train available ?? (sent from Thane Stn.)
is there trains from ghatkopar to kalyan.?
Hii. I am at vidyavihar. I want to go towards kalyan. can anyone update the status of trains moving towards that side. thanks (sent from Vidyavihar Stn.)
train status central line? (sent from Andheri Stn.)
Trains are not running? (sent from Vile Parle)
towards kalyan trains chalu hai kya?  (sent from Mulund)
ghatkopar to vt trains is running or not???
are trains running on time ?? (sent from Kalva)
what is scheduled of badlapur train
are trains working? (sent from Kalva Stn.)
please update Ghatkopar to cst train ,? (sent from Vidyavihar)
Ghatkopar to Dadar is running kya?
thane to kalyan train kitna late hai? 
thane ambernath running? (sent from Airoli)
What is the issue at dadar railway station? (sent from Elphinstone Road)
towards cst slow in central line ? (sent from Thane Stn.)
kurla to ghatkopar? (sent from Bandra)
CST to Mumbra??? (sent from Byculla Stn.)
Are trains from Kalyan towards CST working? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
central lines are closed or working? (sent from Thane)
what is the running status of badlapur to csmt (sent from Vithalwadi)
what about cst to thane (sent from Churchgate Stn.)
Kalyan station me Pani hai Kay ??
Kalyan to Ghatkopar? (sent from Kalyan)
trains are late??
is trans- harbor line running smoothly ? (sent from Kalva)
hello any train?? i am at thakurli (sent from Thakurli Stn.)
Central train is working?  (sent from Santa Cruz)
what is the train status in thane???  pls update
what is the status of train between c.s.t to Thane ?? (sent from Mahim Jn)
status?
are trains going ahead of matunga?
thane to dombivli any trains? (sent from Mumbra Stn.)
asangaon kahan pahunchi??? (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
trains are running. ? (sent from Grant Road Stn.)
what's the status Thane to CSMT (sent from Mulund Stn.)
where is asangaon train now (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
towards kalyan from thane? (sent from Belapur Cbd Stn.)
What is the status of dombivli to csmt??? (sent from Dombivli)
dombivali to karjat chhalu he kya???? (sent from Thakurli)
what is the status of train from dadar to dombivili  (sent from Dombivli)
what about from dadar trains towards badlapur (sent from Goregaon)
trains are running on time or not ? (sent from Cst)
thane se trains chalo hai kya ? (sent from Thane Stn.)
trains working aahe na ?
what is the status of trains from thane to kasara..
trains status? 
karjat to kalyn train chalu aahet ka? (sent from Karjat Stn.)
so now train is running bt late right? (sent from Mumbra)
what is the status from dombivali to thane (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
what is the status of trains going towards cst? any train near thane?  (sent from Thane Stn.)
train status from Thane to Byculla? 
Thane Badlapur train is it available?
are trains from thane to ghatkopar running? (sent from Thane)
trains working or not
R trains running towards Karjat....???? (sent from Cst Stn.)
what ???  (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)
status of Dombivli to Dadar trains.. r they running ? (sent from Dativali)
Transits are about 15 - 20 minutes delaying from their time!!! CSMT - Badlapur F which was scheduled to depart from CSMT @ 2:08 pm is running 15 - 20 minutes behind the schedule... (sent from Chunabhatti Stn.)
any cst side train arriving at thane?  (sent from Thane Stn.)
Really???? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
where is  karjat trn now? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
thane ko trains jaa rahe he kya?  (sent from Mahim Jn Stn.)
is there any problem at sandhurst road  (sent from Churchgate)
Kurla ke aage trains ja rhi hai kya? (sent from Mumbra Stn.)
how are trains from dadar to kalyan (sent from Bandra)
what about sion station (sent from Gtb Nagar)
what's train status towards Thane 
what is the status of asangaon train (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
where is 1-40p.m Karjat from Mumbai cst (sent from Kalyan)
is skywalk at thane had fallen down... ???? (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)
??? (sent from Gtb Nagar)
what about sion station ?? (sent from Elphinstone Road Stn.)
centeral chalu hai kya? (sent from Elphinstone Road Stn.)
where is karjat trn from cst?? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
When you get you get a keyboard for typing here, there always hovers a warning which says that the content we are going to type should be limited to the status/query about the rail services, & not about other shity, irrelevant content! Please keep a note about it. (sent from Vidyavihar)
can I go thane from Ghatkopar!are trains running on time?
is all trains are going properly in cst to Titwala (sent from Lower Parel)
thane to amb train chalu hai kya? (sent from Nerul Stn.)
  what is current status of central position? (sent from Airoli Stn.)
dadar to thane can I go ? (sent from Mahim Jn Stn.)
farm he konta station? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
are the trains running on central line?
thane kalwa working??
kasara to thare trains are going or not
where is asangaon train? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
what about towards kalyan ... (sent from Kurla)
kya status hai train ka?
where is karjat train now (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)
what is the status of central line slow local (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)
central railway in on please confirm? (sent from Santa Cruz)
ghatkopar se train ka status kya hai ???
trains frm diva to cst running?? (sent from Koparkhairne)
central line working. ? (sent from Juinagar)
are the trains towards kalyan running?
where is the train (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)
are the trains towards kalyan running?
are trains running from Cst to thane?  (sent from Vile Parle)
I am at dombivali,what is the status of khopoli, karjat train (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
What is condition from kalyan to dadar destination ? (sent from Shahad)
kurla kalyan chalu ahe ka nit? (sent from Kalyan)
train from cstm to Kurla is running?
train towards cst  are running ??? (sent from Mulund Stn.)
Ghatkopar to Badlapur all trains working?
r train running from cst to badlapur?
is there water logging in Dadar station?
trains till ambernath are running???
Thane toDadar train chalu hai kya?
where is asangaon train right now? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
बदलापूर ट्रेन कुठे आहे? (sent from Ambernath Stn.)
What is the status of water logging at mulund station?
is there water logging at dadar station ?
what is status of central line from cst to kalyan  (sent from Reay Road Stn.)
ghatkopr to domb k liye trains hai ki nahi?
central line ki aane jaane ki local band hai kya..?😶
is trains running till Dadar? (sent from Nahur)
what is the status of asangaon train pls reply? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
Kalyan to mulund possible hai kya ??? (sent from Mulund)
trains for dombivli availble?
what is current train status? (sent from Andheri)
Dadar se ambarnath train ka kya stetus he??plzz reply me (sent from Andheri)
dadar to dombivli trains r running??? (sent from Vadala Road Stn.)
are trains available from Thane station for Dombivli?
what is  status of CST -Karjat local  (sent from Andheri)
is there train late for badlapur (sent from Tilak Nagar)
cst train running ?? (sent from Mumbra Stn.)
hii trains for dombivali are running? (sent from Vashi Stn.)
?
is there any train from mumbra (sent from Mumbra Stn.)
Please mind your language while you are typing in a social media where people are enquiring about the status of transits! (sent from Bhandup)
matunga madhe kahi problem jhalay ka???please reply (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)
what is a status of central line? (sent from Khar Road Stn.)
Thane - cst working? (sent from Airoli Stn.)
are there trains for vikhroli to badlapur??  (sent from Kings Circle Stn.)
train from Thane for dombivli there?
train is on? (sent from Cotton Green)
Mulund to Dadar? (sent from Nahur)
are trains working beyond sion?? (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)
what is the status about karjat train 
status for  Thane to Ambernath  trains ? (sent from Ambernath)
seawood to kurla Jane ke liye train chalu hey kiya?  (sent from Seawood Darave)
trains from ghansoli to thane and thane to fat?? (sent from Koparkhairne)
CST*? (sent from Koparkhairne)
Is train is working frim cst to thane ?
are the trains plying ? (sent from Cst Stn.)
cst -kalyan trains? (sent from Charni Road)
Hi Thane to Kalyan any issues or trains running on time? 
Are trains plying?
what about sion region? any floods? (sent from Mahim Jn Stn.)
sion status? (sent from Sion Stn.)
any latest update dadar to kalyan k liye?  (sent from Grant Road Stn.)
thane to dadar??? (sent from Airoli Stn.)
what about badalapur to cst (sent from Badlapur Stn.)
what is status train  (sent from Masjid Stn.)
what is the status of central
status of trains from CST down ? (sent from Cst Stn.)
plz tel me what's status r gatkopar to thane (sent from Chembur)
hi what about centeral lune trains  (sent from Andheri)
Are train running from Matunga to CSMT??  (sent from Gtb Nagar Stn.)
kalyan to kalva station train running??
what's up Rahul (sent from Chunabhatti)
train is running or not 
Kalyan to Ghatkopar status? 
Anyone at mulund??
central train status? 
Are central line trains on time? (sent from Chunabhatti)
is there any fast train from THANE to DADAR or CST????
csmt to thane train running?
matunga to thane working or not?? (sent from Lower Parel)
Thane to karwa running or not
Are the Asangoan trains running?? (sent from Kalva Stn.)
ghatkopar to dadar are trains on time? (sent from Thane)
any update about asangaon local? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
is there any problem in kalwa (sent from Matunga Stn.)
ghatkopar to dadar are trains on time? (sent from Mulund)
any update about Kurla station?
what about local train 
where is asangaon/kasara train now (sent from Kalyan)
what is the current status about thane to kalyan. (sent from Nerul Stn.)
badlapur to dombivli r working or not?? (sent from Badlapur Stn.)
what is the current status thane to Ghatkopar (sent from Turbhe)
Mulund se CST k liye train late hain k band hain ?
no trains for thane from ddr/cst?  (sent from Bandra)
karjat to thane status??
kalyan to mulund?  (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
are down trains Workin properly? (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)
what's is status from CST to Kalyan trains.  (sent from Churchgate)
are trains running from Vikhroli to Dadar  ? (sent from Vikhroli)
cst to diva status? (sent from Churchgate Stn.)
any update on from mulund to dadar ?  (sent from Mulund Stn.)
what is the current status seawood to kurla?  (sent from Seawood Darave)
what is the st (sent from Nahur)
Ghatkopar se cst ke liya koi train ha ky? (sent from Vidyavihar)
Kalyan to Ambernath??? (sent from Vithalwadi)
Asangaon train?? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
what is the status of kurla to thane (sent from Jogeshwari)
dombiavli se thane chlu hai.kya? (sent from Dombivli)
local towards ambernath is running?  (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)
dadar to thane status? (sent from Virar)
I am in thane.want to go to Mumbai central rly stn to catch express at 7 pm.are trains running upto dadar?how much time should I keep for going from Thane to Dadar?
down track locals whether started or not? (sent from Bhandup)
Whr is the karjat or badlapur train? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
are the trains running to reach mulund from kurla? (sent from Nerul Stn.)
how delay trains r running frm cst to kasara route (sent from Bhandup)
from mumbra to vikhroli are trains running???
heading to thane from Currey road is it advisable? what's the update (sent from Lower Parel)
a train just left...don't know which it was (sent from Thane Stn.)
what's the position right now...trains running properly ??
trains are let or on time? 
??? plz aomebody give update
wht about fast train Thane to badlapur?  (sent from Thane Stn.)
Are trains functioning from central line?
mulund ka kya status hai? (sent from Nerul Stn.)
thane to dombivli train chalu hai kya?  (sent from Kalva)
is  there is train to  ghatkopar to kalyan now (sent from Ghatkopar)
kyu ? (sent from Dadar Stn.)
cst se any train running towards thane? (sent from Churchgate)
Kyu?  (sent from Vikhroli)
hw is the frequency of trains frm kalyan??
dadar status??
Kasara train????
Is central line working properly today? (sent from Charni Road Stn.)
hw ia the frequency of trains frm kalyan??
are trains late now? (sent from Thane)
what is current status of the central railway 
are the trains working between vikhroli and dadar? (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)
what the status at Dadar Sion? (sent from Lower Parel)
bhai...what about down trains
r trains wrking from thane to cst?
dadar to thane (karjat fast local) is on time? (sent from Dadar Stn.)
what is the status of Kalyan dadar trains (sent from Vidyavihar)
kurla to dombivli trains hai kya? (sent from Mankhurd Stn.)
wat is the train status? (sent from Vidyavihar)
are train runnin from kalyan through thane line? (sent from Dombivli)
down trains status please? (sent from Thane)
can someone please share what is the current status of trains from CST towards Thane?
what is status of  down trains (from kanjur)
Status of kurla to dadar?? 
is the central line trains running on time..?? (sent from Andheri)
central railway are running ok or not? (sent from Andheri)
mulund to matunga trains running??
is the central line trains running on time..?? (sent from Andheri)
trains from dadar to kurla are working or not ? (sent from Dahisar Stn.)
what is todays train status??? Running properly???
cst to thane status?
Kalyan se train kitna late hai or Diva se vasai route ka train kitna late hai?? anyone please reply emergency hai!!
trains r running? (sent from Chunabhatti)
what abt ghatkopar to Kalyan 
is central line train working properly??
what about trains from dombivli to thane ...on time or not?? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
 ambernath to badlapur status? (sent from Badlapur)
kurla to ghatkopar train chalu hai kya?
ambernath to thane??
are trains stopped at any station due to water logging?¿?? (sent from Nahur Stn.)
Mulund to Matunga Train Running??
what status of train from mulund too asangaon  (sent from Nahur)
 what is status of train from Badlapur to cst (sent from Badlapur)
train status for cstm? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
masjid to kurla train chalu he kya? (sent from Masjid Stn.)
what is the status about central line  (sent from Rabale)
kurla se panvel train chal rahi hai? (sent from Matunga Road Stn.)
mulund to dadar ??? (sent from Nahur Stn.)
2:38 chi kasara train dadar hun nighali aahe ka? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
from ambernath to cst???
Hey does train to cst are on time? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
ghatkopar to ambernath trains r there?
are trains on time like from Dadar?? (sent from Sewri)
dombivli to thane status? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
what is the status of local train running in central railway ?? (sent from Kopar Stn.)
what is the status for cst - karjat trains? (sent from Thane)
2:38 ki kasara train dadar se paas hui hai kya? please reply (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
Thane to Kalyan train chalu hai kya? (sent from Airoli Stn.)
sir currently they are on time? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
Dadar se KALYAN train chalu hai? (sent from Goregaon Stn.)
cst Badlapur train chalu ahe ka?
trains are running properly towards dombivali??? (sent from Santa Cruz)
Can anyone confirm for thane to ulhasnagar ?
????
is there any problem at Matunga station (sent from Vile Parle)
how many time'r let to central line train (sent from Cst)
thane any problem? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
Ghatkopar thane trains running ?
is there any problem at dadar st (sent from Churchgate Stn.)
Are trains running??
ambanath train running or not ? (sent from Vashi Stn.)
is train running from cst to badlapur? 
Any update from Central line ??😅 (sent from Masjid Stn.)
what's the train status. (sent from Vikhroli)
is there any problem at Matunga station (sent from Vile Parle)
is there still water logging between matung and Sion?  (sent from Mulund)
train running properly or not ? (sent from Masjid Stn.)
are trains running properly between Kalyan and CST?
kalyan ro CST road clear hai kya....?  (sent from Kopar Stn.)
what about todays tran pposition from thane to Karjat. (sent from Thane)
what is status of CR? (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)
karjat to CST train r running? (sent from Vangani)
what situatn at ghatkoper statn (sent from Kandivali Stn.)
what is status for csmt to thane.... (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
Ghatkoper to Thane trains ??
when it's normal  (sent from Jogeshwari)
what about cst to thane  (sent from Currey Road Stn.)
what about central trains
is fast train running?  (sent from Lower Parel)
hows the frequency from thane to dadar? (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)
what is status of badlapur to cst (sent from Badlapur)
are the trains working now from dadar to ambernath?
central line status plzx? (sent from Masjid)
cstm to kalyan trains are running ? (sent from Cst Stn.)
are the trains working from dadar to Ambernath?
Kalyan to karjat?
what is status of kalwa to CSTM slow?? (sent from Thane)
what is status of slow train towards cst (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)
what about central train satatusa (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
are trains running from Ghatkopar to Kalyan?
what is the status of ulhasnagar to thane fast? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
what about herbal line (sent from Elphinstone Road Stn.)
What is status for  thane to cst (sent from Nerul)
abhi sab thik hai kya? (sent from Mulund)
Is there water-logging on Thane station? (sent from Cst)
vikhroli to Thane ? (sent from Vikhroli)
Kalyan to karjat ?
are the central line trains running?  (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)
what is train status at Central Railway
Train are running or not
all trains running or not  ????
Trains chalu hai kya?  (sent from Vidyavihar Stn.)
trains from vikhroli to Kurla running or not? (sent from Vikhroli)
what is position of trains of central railways
train khali hai kya?
what is the status of trains from Dadar to ghatkopar (sent from Dadar Stn.)
are the train running towards karjat?? (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
is local from titwala to Thane running? plz reply
it's little akword question but are the express train reaching till LTT or they have changed the destined station?
dombivali to Mulund train started kya?
what's current status...csmt to karjat (sent from Masjid)
what is running status local at Kalyan (sent from Sandhurst Road)
what is current status
what's the current status from CST to Thane ,? (sent from Churchgate)
 i am at thane which train will i get  (sent from Thane Stn.)
is train is on time or not? (sent from Mulund)
Ankita All Fine There?
Dombivali to Ghatkopar chalu ahe ka? (sent from Turbhe)
are CST to badlapur chalu hai kya? (sent from Cst)
Kalyan to Thane train running in time?  (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
I need to go dombivli to thane.. trains working? 
Thane to Badlapur train status?  (sent from Thane)
thane to cst, trains are running???? (sent from Airoli Stn.)
what is current status of trains ?  (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
from Badlapur to khopoli what its status of train 
on time or not
CST to Mumbra ?  (sent from Churchgate Stn.)
ghatkopar to kalyan status?? (sent from Chembur Stn.)
???? (sent from Goregaon)
???? (sent from Goregaon)
Thane to dombivali train working? (sent from Ghansoli)
how much late are trains from CST towards Thane? (sent from Grant Road)
? (sent from Grant Road Stn.)
arey train working towards shahad??? (sent from Byculla)
is the central line working
Thane to ghatkopar train status please ?
what is status of ghatkopar to kalyan gys
please tell me where is kasara local now 2.38 kalyan (sent from Asangaon)
what is status of ghatkopar to kalyan gys
thane to Dombivali train status ?
are trains running? (sent from Chembur)
what is the status at thane station
is there any issue central line? (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)
is train running till or Thane? or till bhandup only? (sent from Lower Parel)
Anyone outside Chembur station? Please check if any dhaniya vendor is  available.. (sent from Chembur)
what is the status towards shahad station
What is the running status of Central Line
what is the status towards shahad station (sent from Byculla)
what is the status towards shahad station (sent from Byculla)
Anyone outside Chembur station? Please check if any dhaniya vendor is  available.. (sent from Chembur)
what is the train status 
down trains ka status? from thane?
is train running till Thane or somewhere in between? (sent from Lower Parel)
What is the running status of Central Line
Anyone outside Chembur station? Please check if any dhaniya vendor is  available.. (sent from Chembur)
any update about trains? (sent from Parel Stn.)
what is train status between khopoli to Kalyan (sent from Khopoli Stn.)
hello, can v get info about trains?   (sent from Cst)
runing late?  (sent from Cst)
train are running ? (sent from Thane)
cst  ke  liye train  on  time  hai kya?  (sent from Kalva)
what about central line now the status
what about Vithalwadi  
Anyone outside Chembur station? is any dhaniya vendor available? I am making kothimbir vadi (sent from Chembur)
what abt kalyan to cst (sent from Vithalwadi)
what about kalyan to thane
slow trains running as usual?
what abt Dadar to Badlapur  (sent from Santa Cruz Stn.)
How about Sion ? Is it  fine there ?
what is about khopoli CST trains (sent from Kalyan)
train are on time???? (sent from Kalva)
Byculla station update?? (sent from Byculla Stn.)
what is status of trains ...Karjat khopoli (sent from Kalyan)
Kalyan status? (sent from Kalyan)
Is the bridge at Sandhurst Road. Ok & Fine now  (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)
are all trains and inning fine from Vikhroli to Dadar? (sent from Vikhroli)
what is the train staus
Is the bridge at Sandhurst Road. Ok & Fine now , No effects on local trains. (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)
ghatkopar to cst local are available or not? (sent from Mumbai Central)
Thane to csmt running properly or not? (sent from Turbhe)
what is current train status till kalyan?
are trains running ?  (sent from Thane Stn.)
dombivli to ghatokpar status??? (sent from Thakurli)
what is the status of train from cst to klyn
frm kasara? 
any trains from dadar to thane? (sent from Parel Stn.)
what is the status of train from CST to Kalyan  (sent from Churchgate Stn.)
is there any waterlogged at Kurla station can anyone update it (sent from Badlapur Stn.)
any trains from Kalyan to cst?  (sent from Mumbra Stn.)
what's the train status from thane towards cst..via slow line  (sent from Koparkhairne Stn.)
what about down train status(cst to kalyan)??? (sent from Goregaon)
CST to Ambernath trains r running or not? (sent from Dadar Stn.)
what is the status of the train Mulund to badlapur (sent from Nahur)
what is the thane to kalyan train status? 
train from thane to kalyan?? (sent from Belapur Cbd Stn.)
what is the status from cst to ambernath pls let me know anybody
central train is running or not??? (sent from Thane Stn.)
what is the central railway train status? (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)
what is the status of train from dadar to diva
what is the status of train Thane to Ambernath 
      what is status of trains towards titwala ?  (sent from Ghansoli)
train status between thane badlapur?
what's the train status now
hi what is status in thane (sent from Thakurli)
for what
what is the status of kalyan trains (sent from Elphinstone Road Stn.)
what is the status from mulund to kalyan (sent from Mulund)
Are trains running on Western line?
what about train status from Mumbra to Thane and thane to airoli 
status of down trains to kasara??  (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
hi charu are u stuck ? (sent from Chunabhatti)
byculla to Mumbra chalu? (sent from Byculla Stn.)
what is the status of the central railway. is it late ?? (sent from Grant Road Stn.)
are down trains to Ambernath running? (sent from.kurla stn)  (sent from Ambernath Stn.)
all trains are running properly..?? (sent from Khopoli Stn.)
what's the rain status in Thane
are trains running till thane? (sent from Kalyan)
what is the train status for central line? (sent from Elphinstone Road)
are trains working? (sent from Cst Stn.)
matunga to thane is ok?? (sent from Vadala Road)
trains working or not? (sent from Churchgate)
what abt central line
what about kasara trains 
train r running on time or not???
What is the status for Central Trains From Thane to kalyan
Whts the status of CR? (sent from Churchgate Stn.)
are the trains running from Badlapur to KALYAN?
train are working Sandhurst road to Vikhroli?? (sent from Sandhurst Road Stn.)
train status ? are trains on time?
r the central line trains running ? (sent from Ghansoli)
Sion station mai pani jama hai kya??  (sent from Gtb Nagar)
will I be able to reach Thane from dadar? (sent from Lower Parel)
will I be able to reach Thane from dadar? (sent from Lower Parel)
what is d status of central line (sent from Bandra)
what is d status of central line (sent from Bandra)
cst to thane update ??? (sent from Cst Stn.)
will I be able to reach Thane from dadar? (sent from Lower Parel)
what is status for cr. badlapur to karjat (sent from Badlapur Stn.)
?? (sent from Churchgate)
what about Thane to dadar  (sent from Rabale)
thane to cst trains ?? (sent from Cst Stn.)
from ?? (sent from Vidyavihar)
is there any stuck between cst to thane???? 
karjat? (sent from Karjat Stn.)
byculla  to kurla line clear hai Kiya?? (sent from Grant Road)
what is the status for badlapur trains from thane (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
what is d status of central line (sent from Bandra)
csr to kurla chalu hai kya ? plllzzz rpl (sent from Mahalakshmi Stn.)
what is status of central rail CST to kalyan (sent from Churchgate Stn.)
kalyan se kurla train chal rahi hai kya ?  (sent from Dativali)
hey today panvel train?
CST to Kalyan ? (sent from Churchgate)
kalyan to ghatkopar train today status ?
what is status for badlapur trains from thane (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
train is running on time or not?
is there any one on Sion station..,??  (sent from Gtb Nagar)
hi are the trains from CST to Kalyan working ?
vidya vihar to Mumbra ?????? (sent from Vidyavihar)
CST to kalyan?? (sent from Rabale)
status of train from csmt to karjat??? (sent from Cst)
what ia current status of central line guyZZ
Kalyan to thane ? (sent from Vithalwadi)
where is 3 13 titwala (sent from Titwala Stn.)
train are running on time? (sent from Jogeshwari)
how much trains are late (sent from Thane)
is there water logging or not (sent from Gtb Nagar)
Dadar to Ambarnath train are working? (sent from Jogeshwari)
vikhroli to mumbra??  (sent from Vikhroli)
badlapur to thane train chalu hay?? (sent from Badlapur)
dadar to thane is train running normal time? (sent from Mira Road Stn.)
Thane to cst?? (sent from Thane)
kurla se thane chal ri hai kya....? (sent from Kurla)
train are on time or not
ghatkopar to Thane train is working or not 
karjat to kalyan trains are working ?
are Trains still running late?  (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)
are trains working from dadar to ambernath? (sent from Andheri Stn.)
are train running from CST to Kalyan? (sent from Churchgate)
are trains running fine via Mulund and Thane?? (sent from Andheri)
masjid to Thane train chalice his ? (sent from Masjid Stn.)
wht abt trains from kanjur towards cstm ?? (sent from Mahim Jn)
are thane to dombivli fast and slow trains working??? (sent from Airoli)
what is status of central line (sent from Vidyavihar)
is there any water locking at kalyan?
CST to Kalyan trains are running ?? please update. (sent from Vithalwadi)
running in train? come run in our marathon in ghatkopar ❤️ (sent from Vidyavihar)
cst train on time ? (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)
kanjur to thane what's the status
dadr to kalyan trin statussss?? (sent from Charni Road Stn.)
trains towards thane working on time? (sent from Gtb Nagar Stn.)
is there anyone who catched 2.08 from dadar where did it reached now (sent from Shahad Stn.)
kya cst to kalyan chalu hai? (sent from Churchgate)
are trains working from CST to thane? (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)
can anyone please update about the trains in central suburbs, is it working?  (sent from Tilak Nagar)
down trains??
trains are working from Dadar? (sent from Jogeshwari)
Kalyan to CSTM train shuru he kya? 
r train running towards karjat ???? (sent from Kalyan)
central line trains r running on time? (sent from Nilje)
down trains on time? (sent from Vithalwadi)
it's raining what in mumbai (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
slow trains are working or not from cst ?  (sent from Marine Lines)
Mumbai central to Thane?  (sent from Mumbai Central Stn.)
kurla to CST what's d status (sent from Andheri)
what about from cst (sent from Cst Stn.)
thane to cst any train issue? (sent from Thane)
is there train from Dadar to kalyan (sent from Grant Road Stn.)
central line train status??? (sent from Vashi Stn.)
kasara CST train in schedule time?
please update about for dadar to dombivali trains are running??? (sent from Andheri Stn.)
c s t to Kalyan 🚆 brabr chalrhi he kya?? (sent from Masjid)
is there water logging at sion station (sent from Dahisar Stn.)
what about thane to kasara ? (sent from Rabale Stn.)
??? (sent from Churchgate)
Any idea about th status of trains travelling from Kasara to CST ????
what about trains from CST to thane? (sent from Vikhroli)
what about from cst station (sent from Cst Stn.)
please share the status from dombivali to Ghatkopar?  (sent from Kopar)
Cst to Thane in time ? (sent from Churchgate)
what about thane trains? are they on time? (sent from Churchgate)
I heard there is a signal problem at central n trains not working is it true? 
water logging? anywhere on central line? (sent from Nahur Stn.)
vidyavihar 2 vikhroli status? (sent from Vidyavihar Stn.)
Is thane train running on time ? (sent from Malad)
Hello is  Central line trains running on time ?
what is the status of train from ambernath to kurla
thane to Dadar trains chalu he kya ?  (sent from Airoli)
from vidyavihar to mulund ?? (sent from Vidyavihar Stn.)
Kalyan to asangav trains r running on time?? (sent from Kalyan)
cst to dombivali trains r working?? (sent from Grant Road Stn.)
???? (sent from Turbhe)
what about kurla to Vikhroli? (sent from Kurla)
Thane to Ghatkopar chal rhi h kya ?
why asking same question again and again ...!              train Chalu ahet ka?????????  (sent from Thane)
what is the status of thane to Parel (sent from Ghansoli)
thane to kalyan train status??? (sent from Thane)
what is the status of diva station?
mulund to kalyan are trains working? (sent from Mulund)
what is status of central line for down side? plz respond asap.  thanks (sent from Airoli Stn.)
cst To karjat  train chal rahi hai kya??? 
central trains chalu hai kya? (sent from Churchgate Stn.)
what the status everybody is asking
trains are running from Ghatkopar to Kalyan??
trains are running normal or not from csmt?  (sent from Cst)
trains working ??
what is the status of railway running from Kasata to CST
What's the status of trains towards asangaon (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)
Dadar se thane train chalu hai ?? (sent from Jogeshwari Stn.)
what is the train status? are they running? from mulund (sent from Mulund)
what is status of central line for down side, please respond asap.  thanks  (sent from Ghansoli)
what is the situation fron cst to thane? is it working? (sent from Mulund)
what's the status of train (sent from Turbhe)
what is the status of thane to Kalyan train.. 
cst  to titwala?  (sent from Churchgate)
Trains are properly in Central Line? (sent from Kurla)
is central railway running properly...??? (sent from Cst)
VidyaVihar  to Thane what was the status (sent from Vidyavihar)
train status from dombivli to ghatkoper..? (sent from Thakurli)
Ghatkopar to thane  are trains working?
train status?
what is train status from cst ?
thane to cst what is the status
down trains on time?
Thane to dadar ? (sent from Airoli)
are the trains running from kalyan station to thane? (sent from Kalyan)
janshtabdi exp kuthe aahe konala mahit aahe ka? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
is central line working properly?
trains are running ? (sent from Govandi Stn.)
what the status for central line 
are trains running on time?? (sent from Churchgate Stn.)
from ghatoper to sion?  is it working properly?  (sent from Jogeshwari)
any update? (sent from Nerul Stn.)
badlapur to Thane train are running properly?  (sent from Badlapur)
wat is d status for asangaon to thane?
wat is d status for asangaon to thane?
kurla to byculla trains are working ? (sent from Tilak Nagar Stn.)
stauts of trains from Ghatkopar to ambernath??? 
anyone ? (sent from Tilak Nagar Stn.)
wat is d status for asangaon to thane?
is central line working properly?
what's status between Ghatkopar ambernath (sent from Vidyavihar)
train status from Ghatkopar to thane ?! (sent from Andheri)
what is the status of thane to cst (sent from Airoli Stn.)
what's the status of central line towards Badlapur? (sent from Tilak Nagar)
what is the status of kanjur Marg?
Ghatkopar to cst  is running  regular now???  (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
what's the status of train now
where is 4. 17 Dadar- Badlapur fast train? (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)
what's the current status ( sent from kopar station ) (sent from Kopar Stn.)
4:42 badlapur toward khopoli,?
what is the status from csmt (sent from Churchgate)
Thane to kalyan......slow train started..?
what's the status of train from dadar to kalyan (sent from Grant Road Stn.)
csmt 2 kalyan?  (sent from Masjid)
what is the status from mulund 
CST to shahad tain time pe chal rahi kya? (sent from Marine Lines)
where is sinhgad express (sent from Karjat Stn.)
what is train status at CST (sent from Churchgate)
thana se cst jaane k liye train hai kya? (sent from Thane Stn.)
what status about csmt to kalyan....  (sent from Cst Stn.)
ghatkopar to ambernath which status
Anybody Is Free To Watch Sanju?
Are trains from Vidhyavihar to Thane running...??
cst to Dadar ...what is the current status ? (sent from Byculla Stn.)
what's the status about CR (sent from Jogeshwari)
what is the status (sent from Jogeshwari)
kalyan asangaon on time??? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
what is central train status ? (sent from Mulund)
is train started from karjat towards mumbai??
 are trains running? (sent from Cst)
thane to Kalyan chalu ahe ka? (sent from Mulund)
cst to kalyan train is running or not? (sent from Titwala)
परेल ते कल्याण गाडी चालू आहे का?
central line trains are working?? (sent from Vikhroli)
anyone for beer? (sent from Airoli Stn.)
is train started from karjat towards mumbai dadar???
cst to ambarnath what's the train's status  (sent from Churchgate Stn.)
any latest updates for the central raliway..???
what about running status of CR local? (sent from Vikhroli)
what abt ghatkopar to jaltan (sent from Vile Parle)
how much time the trains are delayed?? (sent from Rabale)
what's the status from kurla to ambernath (sent from Chunabhatti)
 thane to Badlapur? (sent from Thane Stn.)
kalwa se cst train chalu hai khy? (sent from Kalva)
what is the status of 3.53 CST to karjat train?? (sent from Cst)
may i know the status of CST- kasara Local? (sent from Kasara Stn.)
what's train status CR (sent from Thane Stn.)
hi. are trains from cst to thane on time?
train between Kalyan Thane working ?
Adangaon chalu hai Kya? (sent from Cst Stn.)
any body let me know the status of train going towards Thane are train running to Thane..?? 
is this so important for u?
is Kurla to Dadar train running? (sent from Kanjur Marg)
is Kurla to Dadar train running? (sent from Kanjur Marg)
from badlapur trains are there on time or not? (sent from Badlapur Stn.)
thanku is there any delay..??
thane to ghatkopar trains wroking ? (sent from Mulund)
are trains on time in Vikhroli? 
what's the status of thane station. is train for aroli is going (sent from Kurla Stn.)
  what is the status of central line from cst to kalyan  (sent from Reay Road Stn.)
mulund to ghatkopar ? (sent from Mulund Stn.)
Dadar to Dombivli train start hai kya ? (sent from Bandra)
central line going cstm train is late?  (sent from Dadar Stn.)
Thane to badlapur status ??
what about Dadar to Kalyan train status? (sent from Andheri Stn.)
how is kasara route trains status (sent from Bhayander)
Sion me kuch problem nahi hai na? (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)
what about to bhayandar local
what about the csmt to karjat train ?
Thane to Dombivali? (sent from Thane)
Hi, can someone tell me if trains are running from Lower Parel to Sion?
train update???? (sent from Andheri)
Central lines working or not???  (sent from Airoli)
kanjurmarg to titwala trains are running???  (sent from Ghansoli Stn.)
is there any chance to go back 
central line working or not?? (sent from Vikhroli)
bro you are on wrong chat. come to western railaway chat.
from virar to andheri trains are working or not
trains are running on time ??? (sent from Malad)
go to western railway chat
Are Harbour lines trains are running? (sent from Dockyard Road Stn.)
cst se central line trains time pe he kya???  (sent from Churchgate)
thane ? (sent from Churchgate)
is there any trains issue ?
how to late 7.50 Karjat train  (sent from Cst)
go to harbour line chat
karjat trains are working fine or not...?????
thane to dadar ? (sent from Chembur)
C.R. local running in time? (sent from Andheri)
central line status?
airoli to thane? (sent from Chembur)
Kurla to CST chalu hai kya? (sent from Khar Road)
what is the rain status in thane plzzz friends tell me...??? (sent from Badlapur)
 what is status of asangoan to Ghatkopar (sent from Bhandup)
what is the status of thane to ghatkoper (sent from Koparkhairne)
what is the current status of central railway?? (sent from Dadar Stn.)
?? (sent from Vikhroli)
whats is the status of ghatkopar to kurla??
ghatkopar to thane status??
what is the status of Parel to Kalyan  (sent from Elphinstone Road Stn.)
trains to sewri running? (sent from Santa Cruz)
what about train guys of central raly
what about badlapur (sent from Turbhe)
what is the status between vidyavihar to dadar (sent from Vidyavihar)
byculla se thane chalu hai?????
are trains running from kurla to kalyan on time?
trains to sewri working? (sent from Santa Cruz)
ghatkopar se kurla??
guys? (sent from Santa Cruz)
what about kasara
Dadar to Ambernath status ?????
parel to dombivali train status?? (sent from Elphinstone Road)
train towards Dadar or CST is on time or Delayed ? (sent from Kanjur Marg)
guys anyone trains to sewri? (sent from Santa Cruz)
what is status of central line
ghatkoper to kalyan? (sent from Jogeshwari)
what about ulhasnagar to dadar (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
what is status of 4.26 badlapur from Ghatkopar (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
Dadar to titwala trains are running???  (sent from Rabale)
pls update on Kalyan train from Thane ? (sent from Ghansoli)
what is train statu from Ghatkopar to parel  (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
 fast trains towards Badlapur running status? (sent from Elphinstone Road)
how  (sent from Cst Stn.)
Ghatkopar to ambernath train status??? 
r u sure? (sent from Vashi Stn.)
train towards Badlapur status? (sent from Elphinstone Road)
what about CST to Thane? (sent from Churchgate)
Dadar to KALYAN train running properly?  (sent from Vithalwadi)
cst to kalyan train runing ? (sent from Grant Road Stn.)
what about dadar to kalyan (sent from Khar Road)
where  (sent from Cst Stn.)
why (sent from Kopar)
Kalyan k liye trains chal rahi hai Kya? (sent from Bandra)
What about thane to ambernath train (sent from Koparkhairne)
anyone can help? what's the status
borivali to chembur ...?  (sent from Elphinstone Road Stn.)
is central railway trains are running? I want go to Dombivali from cst (sent from Churchgate)
who said 
what is the status for CSMT to karjat?
how the status of Thane to dadar? (sent from Thane)
what's the status of kanjur to Kurla?
 Train status from Dombivli to Thane is okay?  (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
trains are running towards kasara??
what is status of train
thane to ghatkopat trains on time ? (sent from Airoli Stn.)
is there train running from bhandup to Cst (sent from Bhandup)
ghatkopar cst trains on time? (sent from Vikhroli)
badlapur local is late?? how much}?
status of train from Parel to Kurla? (sent from Elphinstone Road)
ghatkopar cst trains on time? (sent from Vikhroli)
central line towards cst on time? (sent from Nahur)
is there any one in dadar station....please updates train status for kalyan (sent from Khar Road Stn.)
what is satus (sent from Mumbai Central)
wat about kalyan to cst???
are trains on time???  (sent from Koparkhairne)
thane to kasara train chalu ahet ka??? (sent from Turbhe)
are trains running on time ? (sent from Elphinstone Road)
kalwa me any issues kya train ka? (sent from Vikhroli)
thane to kasara train chalu hai kya?? (sent from Turbhe)
pune to mumbai cst -Indrayni super fast (22106) canceled today or not
are trains running from currey road to Mulund? (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)
asangaon kasara train are working or not
kalwa ?
what is the status of central line (sent from Churchgate)
kitna delay hai??
what is status of trains
train running in central line?  (sent from Mahalakshmi)
are trains to Dadar working normally or delayed?
where is karjat train now (sent from Vashi Stn.)
how is the situation in dadar central line?  (sent from Nahur Stn.)
by how many min trains are delay (sent from Badlapur)
mumbra to CST trains are on time or delayed? 
why will trains shut?  all trains working on time. don't spread false rumours  (sent from Tilak Nagar)
what is status of Thane to ambernath trains ? (sent from Thane)
live train status..? (sent from Masjid Stn.)
where is badlapur train (sent from Bhiwandi Road)
hi what status in ghatkopar towards kalyan 
from ghatkopar to Badlapur?
what is status from dadar (sent from Mumbai Central Stn.)
Are train s r working??
are trains running in the central line. pls update? (sent from Nilje)
is trains available Ghatkopar to Kurla???
is it raining in Thane or at thane station ? any idea  (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
what is thestatus of cst to ghatkopur (sent from Marine Lines)
hi guys any update for trains r running or not between Kurla to Kalyan? (sent from Tilak Nagar)
what is the frequency  from Ghatkopar to Dombivali now
Train andheri to badlapur is running on time?  (sent from Santa Cruz)
which is the indicator on badlapur station (sent from Badlapur)
what is status of train
train chalu he kya central ka???  (sent from Thakurli)
Checking Central line update ? (sent from Airoli Stn.)
? (sent from Santa Cruz)
dombivli se cstm jane vale train on time hai kya??  (sent from Ghatkopar)
What is status of technical problem at Matunga ? Are the trains running? (sent from Vikhroli)
are trains running from kyn to thane. ????
central line trains are running or not? (sent from Sandhurst Road)
Thane to CSMT??
Byculla to thane working? (sent from Sandhurst Road)
thane ambernath ?? (sent from Airoli)
kanjur- domb status on trains?
deradun tren bilimora to godhara  how macha manay
dombivli to ghatkopar train chalu hai na... kalva stn me pani nhi hai na abhi???  (sent from Ghatkopar)
 status CST ?  (sent from Churchgate)
central trains are on time? (sent from Santa Cruz)
hey any update on matunga ?? (sent from Andheri)
Thane to CSMT ??
Are trains working from cst to thane? 
any waterlogging on station???
status of harbour and central line?  (sent from Ghansoli)
?? 
then how u said it was fine (sent from Airoli)
asangao kasara challenge rahi h? (sent from Mumbra Stn.)
Thane to cst is working fine.?  (sent from Nahur)
are trains working ? (sent from Elphinstone Road Stn.)
Any update on Central line train status?? (sent from Andheri)
what are the status of trains from Kalyan to cst
are trains working ? (sent from Elphinstone Road Stn.)
trains are from cst to badlapur? (sent from Churchgate Stn.)
 what's the train status? 
train status? 
are  trains on time in central line? (sent from Nahur)
is there delay from thane to kalyan..? (sent from Airoli Stn.)
what is status or kanjurmarg to ghatkopar (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)
what about cst to thane? 
is trains available?
what is the status about the train???? (sent from Dadar Stn.)
badlapur fast left from cst? (sent from Dadar Stn.)
why not dear (sent from Sion Stn.)
any updates on central line? (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)
what about Thane to dombivali..?
central line on time? (sent from Dadar Stn.)
what is status thane down (sent from Turbhe Stn.)
what is the frequency?  (sent from Dombivli)
what is train status now (sent from Kopar Stn.)
Ambernath te CST chalu aahe ka? (sent from Sandhurst Road)
are trains on time in central and harbour line? (sent from Mahim Jn)
what about khopoli to cst?? (sent from Khopoli)
What about BL and Karjat Trains ????? (sent from Kalva)
whats d status for trains between cst to kurla??
train are on time or late? (sent from Vidyavihar)
what is the status of andheri to Panel trains
sir what was the update from thane to karjat
Train towards thane running properly ? (sent from Lower Parel)
what is the status for cstm till kalyan? is train working?  (sent from Mumbra)
what's the status (sent from Turbhe)
cst to Thane have train?  (sent from Cst Stn.)
what about thane to CST (sent from Kanjur Marg)
what is the status Thane to Kalyan .....?
Is train are running properly from Dombivli to Ghatkopar? (sent from Dombivli)
what is overall train status (sent from Vikhroli)
Central line local status? (sent from Kurla Stn.)
cst badlapur train kaha pohchi?  (sent from Dadar Stn.)
anyone at asangaon station what about Kalyan train (sent from Asangaon)
What is overall cr status
from Cst is trains are available or not
can asangav train is on time...?
is panchvati express cancelled today ? (sent from Ambernath)
thane to Ambarnath status? (sent from Airoli)
kurla to kanjurmarg trains are running or not? (sent from Vadala Road)
train status? 
what is the status from khadavli to cst????can anyone tell is the train running from khadavli???? (sent from Santa Cruz)
train are working between Thane and kalyan or not
CST to thane trains running properly ??
??? (sent from Cst Stn.)
what's status  (sent from Titwala)
cst karjat running?...
Mulund to thane train run ho hai Rahi hai kya ???? (sent from Mulund)
are trains working from badlapur to ghatkopar?  (sent from Ghatkopar)
are trains on time ? (sent from Goregaon)
Any problem, Kalyan to Dadar. . ?
cst to thane?  (sent from Churchgate)
trains are running or not? (sent from Mumbra Stn.)
are trains on time? (sent from Churchgate)
Is there any water logging at thane? are kalyan to cst trains running? (sent from Cotton Green)
trains running status between thane and titwala?
what any Dadar to kalyan? (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)
thane se kalyan trn chalu he kya? (sent from Vashi Stn.)
trains running status between thane and titwala?
train from mulund to dadar running? (sent from Ghatkopar)
train status ?
is kasara trains are on time ??? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
karjat to khopoli train status?? (sent from Khopoli)
is there any water logging on Thane station? (sent from Cotton Green)
train status pls ?
where are you from.... (sent from Vikhroli)
Trains are there on time??? (sent from Nahur)
what is the condition on Central railway (sent from Rabale)
what is the status of train from byculla to kalyan (sent from Byculla)
any problem Kurla to Titwala? (sent from Tilak Nagar)
is there any water logging at thane? (sent from Cotton Green)
badlapur to dombivli trains are on time? (sent from Badlapur)
trains to CST working from vidyavihar? (sent from Vidyavihar Stn.)
is 5:16 kurla on time? (sent from Govandi)
karjat to thane???? (sent from Bhivpuriroad)
any cancellations of trains in central line towards kalyan pls?  (sent from Cotton Green)
Is there water on tracks? (sent from Sandhurst Road)
r train late by 10 mins? (sent from Govandi Stn.)
where is 5 04 train which is left from badlapur (sent from Badlapur)
from Ghatkopar to Kalyan train running properly? 
is trains on time from thane towards Kalyan..? (sent from Ghansoli)
or at least are they working..? (sent from Ghansoli)
is train from thane operating towards CSMT?
byculla to sion - are trains running on time? (sent from Mira Road)
what sts from dadar to dombivili train?  (sent from Mahalakshmi)
cst to ambernath????? (sent from Churchgate)
are trains running from kalyan to cst? (sent from Cotton Green)
what is the status of Thane to karjat (sent from Vashi Stn.)
from Kalyan?
ty... and rain sts?  (sent from Mahalakshmi Stn.)
What a performance by Central Railway. Took 0505 train at Vikhroli. Just 3 minutes late and not even crowded..👍👍.  Hats off (sent from Nahur Stn.)
how are the status of trains now (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
is there any water logging anywhere between kalyan to cst? (sent from Cotton Green)
car to thane train is working ? (sent from Churchgate Stn.)
what's the status of trains now
?  (sent from Airoli)
where is badlapur fast (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
what is status of trains?
 what situations towards Kalyan train (sent from Lower Parel)
what a state to khopoli to cst local (sent from Lowjee)
any waterlogging between kopar to Thane? (sent from Kopar Stn.)
5.30 kalyan 15 car ?? (sent from Elphinstone Road Stn.)
byculla to sion ? is it advisable to go by train? (sent from Mira Road)
train issue?  (sent from Andheri Stn.)
thane ??kya hal hai (sent from Bhivpuriroad Stn.)
Thane Station Che status??
what status know kalyan train
what about dadar to thane train status?  (sent from Santa Cruz Stn.)
trains r running from Thane to ambernath ? (sent from Thane)
what is status of trains
what is the train status (sent from Charni Road)
cat to Kalyan ..train chalu h Kya ?
any delay in trains till thane? (sent from Dockyard Road Stn.)
what about kasara?
any delay in trains till thane? (sent from Dockyard Road Stn.)
how was train possion (sent from Parel Stn.)
what is the status of train from kanjurmarg to titwala (sent from Kanjur Marg)
please let me know about Thane Station Status?? 
are trains in central line working? (sent from Santa Cruz Stn.)
trains are on time?  (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)
train's r running on tym??  (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
what's is the status of trains towards Kalyan from Ghatkopar
kalyan to cst train??
dadar to thane train what is the status? (sent from Parel)
what's train status.. (sent from Bhandup Stn.)
trains are time? (sent from Vile Parle Stn.)
train r running from Thane to Ambernath? (sent from Thane)
any one der in 5:00pm ambernath double fast ?? (sent from Dadar Stn.)
Where is Ambernath local reached  (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
Thane to CST Train Status?
what is kasara train status (sent from Titwala)
us there kasara trains are running??
trains from dombivli ? (sent from Dombivli)
is there kasara trains are running???
train status to Badlapur can you please let me know?  (sent from Vikhroli)
thane-titwala trains running or not??
what is status of train from asangaon to cst
what about Thane to Vikroli train status?  (sent from Koparkhairne)
? (sent from Rabale Stn.)
where is. Thane Ambernath local (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
dadar to thane...kya status hai??
Trains are running on time from Ghatkopar towards down line? asking for a friend (sent from Mulund)
what about central railway..train is going to properly (sent from Nahur)
is there any delay in trains from thane to Ambarnath? 
Sandhurst rd la kai problrm jala aahe ka??  (sent from Vile Parle Stn.)
how is train situation from Thane to ambernath (sent from Airoli)
sion domb status?? (sent from Sion Stn.)
how about rush..roadway ya railway would be better (sent from Andheri)
are trains running from thane to cst ???? (sent from Thane)
kalyan to kurla trains are running or not
is there any delay in trains from thane to Ambarnath? 
up train's r still on time ?? (sent from Turbhe)
what is status of central line (sent from Govandi)
Anyone at Ghatkopar? My friend lost his wallet in train his name is Jay Shah. if anyone finds it please call on 7738863093 (sent from Mulund)
Are trains on time? please tell. (sent from Mulund)
what is the status of central railway (sent from Thane Stn.)
are trains functional downwards from currey road to Thane? (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)
how much late traiN (sent from Diva Jn)
today runing train byculla to ambivali or not ? (sent from Chinchpokli Stn.)
from Ghatkopar towards thane ? (sent from Andheri)
what abt asangaon train?? (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)
is the route of the train will be clear from Pune to Mumbai tommorow in the morning????
what is the status of central railway? (sent from Masjid Stn.)
where is 5.31 badlapur cst local (sent from Badlapur Stn.)
trains are working now or not ?
Where is Dadar local now ?
vidyavihar starting kyn ttain not visible in yard... but indicator showing the train... wht to do now? notknown (sent from Vidyavihar Stn.)
what about trains to cst from badlapur ?
? (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
is kalrashukla classes open? (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)
what about slow trains towards Kalyan....anyone there in slow  (sent from Vidyavihar Stn.)
what is the current status of trains leaving from csmt ? (sent from Mulund)
slow trains are running?? (sent from Elphinstone Road Stn.)
what about 5:49 at neral (sent from Neral Stn.)
what about diva
are training on time?  (sent from Govandi Stn.)
what about Kurla ? Is there water logging? are trains on time in central side?  (sent from Mulund)
koi batayega train are working or not
is Kalyan train on time ? (sent from Govandi Stn.)
what is status of train form mumbra to Thane 
status of train ? from cst to Kalyan (sent from Churchgate)
any train to kasara from kalyan? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
are there any trains on slow track from thane to kalyan?
kalyan to ghatkoper train status pls? (sent from Kalyan)
if any one at kurla then any slow train departed from kurla? (sent from Vidyavihar Stn.)
Took Thane train from CST which left at 04:41 PM and reached Mulund at 05:41 PM. So trains are running smoothly between CST and Mulund with slight delay (sent from Mulund Stn.)
is central line working??
Ghatkopar station Mumbai mein ATA hai? (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
status of trains from.ghatkopar to Mulund ?
traina from cst to badlapur?
really? (sent from Koparkhairne Stn.)
anyone at kurla? (sent from Vidyavihar Stn.)
 train status from kalyan to badlapur???
where is 15 car  (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
5:30 train from dadar wherr is it? (sent from Dadar Stn.)
vidyavihar to dadar? any problems between matunga and Sion? (sent from Vidyavihar Stn.)
where is 15 car  (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
what is the status of vidiyavihar to Kalyan train  (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)
where is train for Ambernath,  Badlapur.... No local (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
trains are running or not
?
status of asangaon n kasara locals? (sent from Koparkhairne)
trains in central line are running or no? (sent from Chunabhatti)
status for badlapur trains from cst please?  (sent from Churchgate)
Kalyan starting train..from dadar..where is it? (sent from Dadar Stn.)
my friend from cst coming by train which is 2 mins late
what's the position between Thane to Kalyan
really? (sent from Ghansoli Stn.)
trains are running? (sent from Belapur Cbd Stn.)
what's status of thane to titwala
Thane to cst late or on time?  (sent from Mulund)
is there rain in matunga (sent from Thane Stn.)
 what's  time of train
dadar train running??? (sent from Nahur Stn.)
status of Khopoli fast?? (sent from Bhandup Stn.)
dadar starting train 5:30 Kalyan any updates please help???? (sent from Dadar Stn.)
train are running between byculla to Kalyan? (sent from Mumbai Central)
central line train chalu hai kay? (sent from Nalla Sopara Stn.)
what is status of trains from Thane to badlapur (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
are trains running on time ?
is the central line train available from kalwa stn to Kalyan 
5:08 train from Ghatkopar towards Dadar.. where is it??!  (sent from Dadar Stn.)
what about thane to csmt (sent from Kharghar)
uls ? (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)
status of khopoli fast train??
is there any trains frm thane to klyn (sent from Vithalwadi)
is there train on time from dombivali to cst (sent from Dombivli)
what is status central railway  (sent from Charni Road Stn.)
up trains ka kya status hai? (sent from Nilje)
kanjurmarg la tar ajun ek hi train nahi magil 20min पासून??  (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)
Train Band hai kya.??
from cst to Kalyan what is status  (sent from Marine Lines Stn.)
what is the status of thane to badlapur train (sent from Thane)
uls ? (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)
what is the status of badlapur local (sent from Ambernath Stn.)
What is status cst to dombivali (sent from Churchgate)
what's train running status from cat to Kalyan
how's the train status (sent from Elphinstone Road)
are trains working from Thane to borivali?
Karjat train status?
asangaon train  6:17 from Mulund? please  update
how abt train towards cst
where is karjat local Thane time 5:31 where riched
how are the trans from dader to thane
can someone please tell cst to ghatkopur train status? (sent from Marine Lines Stn.)
what abt fast trains towards kalyan? (sent from Airoli Stn.)
what about Thane to kalyan train status??
trains from cst to thane?
what about dombivali to dadar train status? (sent from Nilje)
trains to thane from Ghatkopar??
what about train in dadar (sent from Mahim Jn Stn.)
is there any train from kalyan to ambernath  (sent from Vithalwadi Stn.)
are trains functional between cst and dombivli??? (sent from Elphinstone Road)
train r running smoothly ? (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)
kurla to thane ?
Vikhroli to Ambernath traveling possible? (sent from Vikhroli)
How's the line from Thane to Ghatkopar?
vikhroli to dadar  trains are proper ?? (sent from Vikhroli)
how about kurla to kalyan? (sent from Govandi Stn.)
what is train staus for thane to badlapur
what about csmt trains from thane (sent from Bhandup)
is it raining heavily there? 
what is the train situation now pls confirm (sent from Cst Stn.)
what is train status from Badlapur to thane
what is the current status
please help them who has got train 
what is status train from bhadup to badlapur (sent from Bhandup)
in which world?... r u in parallel world? (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)
what is status now (sent from Mulund)
what a status of central local
what is the status from mulund (sent from Mulund)
where is AN train  (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)
any update on CST to thane trains?? (sent from Churchgate)
what about Ghatkopar to Kurla?  (sent from Vidyavihar Stn.)
is there train running properly
dadar to kalyan ?? (sent from Goregaon)
what is the Central railway train status (sent from Goregaon)
what about thana to dombivli? (sent from Thane)
Down trains from kalyn r on tym? (sent from Kalva)
what is status of train from cst (sent from Churchgate)
what is the status from dadar to kalyan?? (sent from Goregaon)
what abt CST to thane (sent from Masjid Stn.)
Down trains from kalyn r on tym? (sent from Kalva)
wt abt ghatkopar to cst train...?
what is status from byculla to mumbra (sent from Byculla Stn.)
what about thana to badlapur trn status (sent from Turbhe)
are trains running from Dadar? (sent from Dadar Stn.)
is trains on time from mulund to cst ? (sent from Nahur)
what about Ghatkopar to Kalyan trains status??
what is the status of train from CST towards Dombivli (sent from Dombivli)
u hv update or u want update?? (sent from Thane)
Ghatkopar to Kurla chal Raha hai kya ?? (sent from Vidyavihar Stn.)
5.40 train status from ambernath??? (sent from Ambernath Stn.)
please update the status thane to badlapur train is working or not??? (sent from Thane Stn.)
how fast trains are running  (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)
which train cancel (sent from Shahad)
are trains running fine between Kalyan and Thane?
dadar to badlapur ?
badlapur to cst ??? (sent from Ambernath Stn.)
train running between ambernath and Kalyan??? (sent from Sanpada Stn.)
thane to Badlapur train status....? #Thane 
what is current status of train from byculla to dombivli (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)
is 6.15 pm train from vidyavihar on time? (sent from Vidyavihar Stn.)
are trains running on time? (sent from Cst Stn.)
????
is this group created for train delays
central line is working?
thane to kalyan status kai ahe?
what is running status of CST-kasara ? (from Kalyan) (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
train time barabar hay? (sent from Marine Lines)
what is the position of train (sent from Ghatkopar)
kurla to badlapur train status? (sent from Tilak Nagar Stn.)
What is the status of fast trains from csmt to dombivli (sent from Masjid Stn.)
any update about dadar to badlapur train ? (sent from Goregaon)
i am in cst no one train will come y? (sent from Cst Stn.)
trains working from thane to ghatkopar...? (sent from Thane)
only ? are there.
what about karjat trains? (sent from Thane)
is train from Bhandup to Dombivali running on time?
are bhai log loogo ko ans karne do _ pura chat questions se mat bhar do_ let them ans so that sabko pata chale real Situation please  (sent from Dombivli)
what is status of trains from Vikhroli to Kalyan?? 
  5.58 Thane from airoli.. where is the train? (sent from Airoli Stn.)
Hi. Are trains functioning from CST?  (sent from Cst Stn.)
CST to Thane chalu hai kya? (sent from Churchgate)
cst Thane fast???  (sent from Dadar Stn.)
Central line chalu ahe ka?
?? (sent from Belapur Cbd Stn.)
thane se badlapur k liye trains chalu hai kya??  (sent from Thane Stn.)
thane to badlapur?
Byculla to mumbra??? (sent from Byculla Stn.)
? means (sent from Thane Stn.)
are trains on time??? 
CST to Badlapur? (sent from Cst Stn.)
what is the status of Ghatkopar To Mumbra
cst se badlapur train chalu h kya? (sent from Churchgate Stn.)
murgi kya anda ?
Kurla Jane wale train chalu hai??
any updates?!!! currently train running or not from csmt???? (sent from Churchgate)
train chalu ahet ka? (sent from Kandivali)
Vikhroli- dadar trains r on time? (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)
thane to titwala ? (sent from Thane Stn.)
for trains update what app me @7718050505 (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
Mulund  to Dadar status please? (sent from Mulund)
Bhai Ambernath Local Chalu hai kya ?
has ladies special left from CST?? (sent from Khar Road Stn.)
where is dadar local now.. seems all slow dadar locals are cancelled (sent from Matunga Road Stn.)
thane se cst status? 
any updates regarding thane to cst?
kurla to badlapur chalu hai kya ? (sent from Tilak Nagar Stn.)
join what app group for train updates @7718050505 (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
kurla to dadar any update? (sent from Govandi Stn.)
what about kurla to thane are trains running slow?? (sent from Chunabhatti)
BHANDUP to Dadar train are running on time?? 
what's the status from Ghatkopar to thane
at Mulund station... what is train status (sent from Mulund Stn.)
is there any delay from ghansoli to thane (sent from Ghansoli)
bhandup train chalu ahe ka? (sent from Masjid Stn.)
What is the status of local from dader to ulhasnagar (sent from Santa Cruz Stn.)
from Kurla ??? status  (sent from Chembur Stn.)
what is the central line status from CST to Dombivali (sent from Mahim Jn)
what about kalva to Kalyan status
ulhas to mulund? (sent from Shahad)
what is the status of karjat to csmt (sent from Karjat Stn.)
thane to kalyan working?? (sent from Airoli Stn.)
what is status of trains from cst to ambernath
what is the status of trains from dadar to thane ?  (sent from Nalla Sopara Stn.)
from badlapur to Dadar is it ok to travell now? (sent from Badlapur)
what about the status from mulund to dadar
what is the status of thane to kalyan slow line (sent from Kandivali Stn.)
what is the status of train to kalyan  (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)
what is status of trains ??
is any train arriving at parel  (sent from Elphinstone Road Stn.)
what is the status of central line (sent from Grant Road Stn.)
r trains working fine now?
how are trains at slow teack (sent from Goregaon)
karjat..?
Kurla ? (sent from Chembur Stn.)
any news about trains?
thank station pe abi bhi Pani bhara hai Kya? (sent from Kandivali)
train's are running on time?  (sent from Lower Parel)
is 6:10 Thane running today ?? (sent from Matunga Road Stn.)
are trains working properly???
is central train are running ?
are trains available from parel to kalyan?
central trains working fine or any issue? (sent from Jogeshwari)
why is chat closed?
ladies SPL ? (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)
where is badlapur fast (sent from Dadar Stn.)
thane to diva is working or not?
what about train status (sent from Airoli Stn.)
what is a status (sent from Dadar Stn.)
Ghatkopar to Ambernath any train running or not
are the trains moving from ghatkopar to than??  (sent from Andheri)
status on central local trains thane to karat plz? (sent from Airoli Stn.)
is their any problem at thane?? (sent from Airoli Stn.)
6.03 Kalyan left CST or not?  (sent from Sandhurst Road)
koi cst rahega to bata do thane train h ki nhi??  (sent from Dadar Stn.)
thane se dombivali train chalu hai kya?? (sent from Thane Stn.)
any train left from csmt toward thane????  (sent from Sandhurst Road Stn.)
kalaa?? (sent from Mulund Stn.)
kalawa??? (sent from Mulund Stn.)
anita saraf   what about status of cst train (sent from Masjid Stn.)
any update on thane - ambernath? 
KARJAT TO CSMT TRAIN ON TIME ? (sent from Badlapur)
twrds thane kya status hai trns ka?
what about kalyan to thane (sent from Vikhroli)
are trains running from Kurla to Dadar? (sent from Tilak Nagar)
cst to Thane......????  (sent from Churchgate)
what is the status of kalyn to cst route
wht sts from dadar to dombivili?  (sent from Mahalakshmi Stn.)
any update central line..? (sent from Vikhroli)
what is the status of train from dombivali to curry road (sent from Dombivli)
trains working? (sent from Mulund Stn.)
20 min late ..... for local update what app on 7718050505 (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
are trains on time at central down line ??? (sent from Kandivali Stn.)
Dadar kurla trains running?  (sent from Dadar)
trains are running? (sent from Koparkhairne)
thane to vasai trains are running or not ?? 
is it raining in thane? (sent from Virar)
Kalyan SF nighali ka cst varun?  (sent from Byculla Stn.)
asangoan to thane trains are running?
trains are running? (sent from Kalyan)
what is status about fast track train from Dadar to Thane . (sent from Vile Parle Stn.)
is it raining in thane?? (sent from Virar)
where is d train (sent from Byculla Stn.)
are the trains running on Central line ?
CST to Kalyan? (sent from Churchgate)
teen chaloo aahe Ka? Thane to Badlapur? (sent from Thane)
is any fast train from dadar to dombivli (sent from Matunga Road Stn.)
what is train status from thane to Kalyan??
train are on time or not
kalwa?? (sent from Mulund Stn.)
hy where is karjat train  (sent from Dombivli)
ghatkopar to thane chalu ahe????  (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
 are trains on time ? (sent from Bhayander Stn.)
current status frm thane to ambernath?????
what's the position dadar to ambernath train can they running
where has ladies spl reached  (sent from Elphinstone Road Stn.)
central local CST Jane wale tym pe chal rhi hai kya????
where u wish to go (sent from Bhiwandi Road Stn.)
any problem in central line ?  (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
how long will it take to reach at kurla from dadar (sent from Andheri)
cental line is working or not
can We Go From Dombivli To Matunga? What Is Current Status?  (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
Thane to Badlapur tren chaloo aahe Ka? (sent from Thane)
is central line trains running?
are trains on time from vidyavihar towards cst ?  (sent from Bhayander Stn.)
thane se 6:27 ka CSTM fast local kaha pe hai? Any idea? (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)
are train running from kalyan to ambernath side?? (sent from Dombivli)
6.30 thane fast... what is the status (sent from Kurla Stn.)
thane se CST fast local kitne ka Laga hai Abhi? (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)
dadar situation? (sent from Badlapur)
what Is Situation Of Central Line?  (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
how much time late train 
thane 6.51 local status plz? (sent from Kalva)
what is status of thane to cst train (sent from Airoli Stn.)
Thane-CST fast train konsa Laga hai? time? (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)
vidhyavihar to kalyan local status? (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
what about ghatkopar station...?? (sent from Dombivli)
are slow trains operational from kanjur? (sent from Goregaon)
what about slow trains (sent from Airoli)
भायखळा ते डोंबिवली गाडी चालु आहे का...? (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)
What is status karjat sta
thane to CST fast kitne ka Laga hai? 6:27? (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)
dombivali to dadar trains running ? (sent from Nilje)
Dadar to Kalyan train service working??? (sent from Grant Road Stn.)
train late ???? (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
any water logging on central railway station?
mumbra to kalyan status?  (sent from Mumbra)
is it any problem on slow track? (sent from Nilje)
right now I am badalapur station,karjat update (sent from Badlapur Stn.)
what is the status of train now? specially down. (sent from Mulund)
form thane to Kalyan side train running on time? (sent from Kalyan)
what about Dadar to Thane? (sent from Santa Cruz)
what about down fast trains  (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)
what about kalyan to csmt fast train 
trains from Thane to CSMT are on time? (sent from Belapur Cbd Stn.)
Thane karjat 6.41 train where r u now reach (sent from Badlapur Stn.)
what is the status of train delay 
what's the situation at Ghatkopar? (sent from Goregaon)
what is the status of train from ghatkopar to dombivli (sent from Dombivli)
what is the status of kasara trains (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
trains are on time for badlapur?? 
trains working from Vikhroli to Dadar? (sent from Vikhroli)
what about Kalyan to cst (sent from Vithalwadi)
what's the status at ghatkopar
Hats off to all mumbaikars especially those who have showed the level of being optimistic, they declared holidays in different corporates and schools but you guyz are true warriors, Deevare unchi hai sadke h tang.... lambi dagar hai pr himmat hai sang....Jai Hind! Jai Maharashtra!!! (sent from Bhiwandi Road Stn.)
what about Thane to dadar? 
what is the status of csmt  (sent from Goregaon Stn.)
what is the status of vasion station (sent from Mumbra Stn.)
current train status between  thane to Ambernath..??? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
what is the status of slow trains from csmt to thane (sent from Sandhurst Road Stn.)
 what about status of down train
is ladies special train there today? (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)
Hats off to all mumbaikars especially those who have showed the level of being optimistic, they declared holidays in different corporates and schools but you guyz are true warriors, Deevare unchi hai sadke h tang.... lambi dagar hai pr himmat hai sang....Jai Hind! Jai Maharashtra!!! (sent from Bhiwandi Road Stn.)
please tell me thane to CST status?
what is the current train status from thane to down??
kurla to ambernath status? (sent from Kurla Stn.)
yes current status from thane to down?
what is the status of down trains? (sent from Andheri Stn.)
what about kasara local train late or in time (sent from Ghansoli)
what about CST to Karjat train
thane se trains barabr h kya to down??
central line running? (sent from Vidyavihar)
  any problem ?? (sent from Jogeshwari)
what is status of train running towards Kalyan 
plz update status of trains from vikhroli to cst ???? (sent from Vikhroli)
kalwa se trains are running properly?
Dadar to Thane train ?? (sent from Churchgate Stn.)
what is the status of kasara trains (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
what is status in central railway (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
hello what's the status of central lines (sent from Matunga Road)
what ia status of train from thane to ambernath (sent from Turbhe)
status of Dom station ? (sent from Nilje)
what about status ghatkopar to dombavli 
what is the status of the trains right now  (sent from Thakurli)
trains from Thane to Cstm are working fine? (sent from Ghansoli Stn.)
trains from Thane to Cstm are working fine? (sent from Ghansoli Stn.)
how's the condition at Ghatkopar?
train from kalyan to ghatkopar ???
slow train status from vikroli? (sent from Kanjur Marg)
status of Ghatkopar to mulund train? 
6.50 Kurla local CST se nikli kya?  (sent from Elphinstone Road Stn.)
what is the status of train towards CST (sent from Nahur)
whts the status of thana badlapur 7:43?? (sent from Rabale Stn.)
mulund to Dombivali tarin status Kya h?  (sent from Kopar)
train left station or not
trains from ulhssnagar to thane on time? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
thanks...but where it has reached 
towards dadar from vikhroli...how much delay (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)
vikhroli to cst time pe Hai ki Nai?  (sent from Vikhroli)
what's the status from Dombivli to Ghatkopar train (sent from Thakurli)
thane se Ghatkopar? (sent from Airoli)
people are noob who keep replying ladies only..
kalyan to ghatkopar status?
status of local from kalyan to ghatkopar?
what is the status between dadar and kalyan (sent from Shahad)
central train r running or nt? 
what is the status of trains from  cat 
what is the status of karjat train (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
what is update about thane to vidya vihar  slow from 1 paltform (sent from Thane Stn.)
is there central train running?  (sent from Kalyan)
What is d status of ladies special (sent from Mulund Stn.)
are trains on time between kalyan and ghatkopar?  (sent from Kalyan)
thane to cst ok hai Kya? (sent from Thane)
is kasara train left from Thane ?? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
kurla to dombivile running or not ?? (sent from Kurla)
about thane ? (sent from Shahad)
what abou titwala side  (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
are trains running from Thane to Kalyan ? (sent from Airoli Stn.)
thane to cst is ok or not? (sent from Thane)
is there any train for karjat from badlapur (sent from Badlapur)
kurla to dombivile running or not ?? (sent from Kurla)
1st platform train is where 🙄 (sent from Thane Stn.)
what is the staus for badlapur train from dadar (sent from Dadar Stn.)
ghatkopar to kalyan?
what about thane train (sent from Bhandup Stn.)
7.57? or 6.57?
central fast train running or not? (sent from Airoli)
Thane train? (sent from Nahur Stn.)
Anybody have updates for Thane train? (sent from Nahur Stn.)
status of trains from Ghatkopar??
hi what's the status
ambivali to Thane train what is the position..? (sent from Ambivli)
how much trains are late (sent from Diva Jn)
what's the central line train status..??  (sent from Vithalwadi Stn.)
how much (sent from Diva Jn)
train chalu aahet ka?
slow train for CST are running?  (sent from Shahad)
trains from Vikhroli?? 
6:51 thane badlapur train guys???? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
dadar to thane train late or on time ??
what's the train status?
???
trains form thane to dombivali? (sent from Vashi Stn.)
what about ambernath train two train are late what the statues send from dombivali stn (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
any update on slow trains ??  (sent from Thane Stn.)
what is the train status thane 
Byculla to Thane slow train running? (sent from Elphinstone Road Stn.)
what is status of kasara train (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
are running on time as per schedules?? (sent from Mahalakshmi Stn.)
what is the status of fast train from CST to kalyan  (sent from Marine Lines Stn.)
what is train position (sent from Mahim Jn Stn.)
matunga to thane? (sent from Kings Circle Stn.)
What about Ambernath  towards  cstm (sent from Ambernath)
what's  the status of train ambernath to dadar
status of trains from kurla?? to kanjur
is there trainns running from Ghatkopar to Kalyan?
any slow train for cst? (sent from Thane)
what abt slow titwala (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)
pls update on vikhroli to dadar...train delayed ??? (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)
what is the status at kurla
where is badlapur train
yes where is it (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
is the train running on time 
trains running on time...? 
train to cst are on time or late..? 
trane barobar aahet ka.,?
status of KYN to Ghatkopar?? (sent from Kalyan)
where is 6.53 Ambernath now
where are 7.21 (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
cst se thane slow local any idea where it is (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
status of trains from vikhroli station?
central running on time?
7.32pm Karjat train from Ambernath.. kya status???
Titwala, kasara train barobar aahet ka.,??
is train late in dombivli? (sent from Kopar Stn.)
dadar thane ? (sent from Gtb Nagar Stn.)
for central line ??
what is the status?? 
where is badlapur fast of 7:14 (sent from Mulund Stn.)
running properly right??
is 7:43 badlapur train from thane cancelled? (sent from Thane Stn.)
thane to kasara timing ? 
what is train status about Kalyan to kasara
train are working  ??
 want to move from Sion to Dadar. please tell me are the trains running on time?
8.01 badlapur fast from thane status pls?
what is the status of train from Thane to kalyan?  Please reply
which train is cancelled (sent from Asangaon)
where is Thane badlapur 7 43  (sent from Thane Stn.)
what's the status of train from cst to badlapur (sent from Matunga Road)
where is 8:03 karjat train  (sent from Thane Stn.)
what is the status towards Kalyan from Ghatkopar
train in central like is running on time or not?? (sent from Chunabhatti)
is 7:43 badlapur slow train from thane platform 3 cancelled?? (sent from Thane Stn.)
any train for karjat from thana station???
what is the status toward thane from ghatkopar (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)
what is the status from kurla towards Thane
where is asangaon train
what is the status of kasara train
what is the status of asangaon train 
are trains running for CST? (sent from Vikhroli)
is train no 17618 running on schedule?
where is 7. 43 Thane to karjat train (sent from Thane Stn.)
any update for train towards cst?  (sent from Vithalwadi Stn.)
train are running between Dadar to Kalyan? (sent from Mahalakshmi Stn.)
is there any fast train upcoming to kurla (sent from Vidyavihar Stn.)
wrong information by Thane user it's announced at 8.03 pm that badlapur train is cancelled (sent from Thane Stn.)
where u reached now?
how i can go kalamboli from panvel (sent from Sandhurst Road Stn.)
where is this train now?? 
?? (sent from Ambernath)
what's the status now
fast train from thane to dadar???  (sent from Kalva)
Ambernath Thane trains, are they cancelled or late?
hiiii...what is status of mail train leaving from CST please update
where is Badlapur train  (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
ghatkopar?? (sent from Elphinstone Road Stn.)
dadar to thane ? (sent from Mumbai Central)
what about asgn train (sent from Kalyan)
any fast train towards cst from thane????  (sent from Thane Stn.)
how r d trains working between ambarnath and thane (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)
guys any fast train from Thane to CSTM?? Waiting since last 20 mins (sent from Thane Stn.)
trains on time? from thane
trains on time?
thane to kalyan  train on time.? (sent from Airoli)
 what is the thane to badlapur status
What is status of 8:03 karjat local (sent from Dadar Stn.)
what about thane to Kalyan train status (sent from Thane)
how is situation of central railway?
what is status of ambernath and badlhapur  (sent from Ghatkopar)
what is the status of kasara to cst train
badlapur to cst status?  (sent from Badlapur)
what is the status of badlapur  to cst   (sent from Badlapur)
where  is titwala fast train?  (sent from Ghansoli Stn.)
is there any fast train from kalyan to cst
trains to nerul or vashi canceled or what?  (sent from Thane Stn.)
7.58 thane ? (sent from Bhandup)
after 8.6 fast csmt. ....? 
slow local towards CST ? (sent from Kurla Stn.)
what abt csmt  (sent from Mulund Stn.)
Dadar to thane locals are running or not?
train r working on tym?? (sent from Mira Road)
mumbra to cst chalu hai kya? (sent from Masjid Stn.)
what abt csmt fast I m in mlnd (sent from Mulund Stn.)
thane Ghatkopar... kab tak ayega thane?? (sent from Belapur Cbd Stn.)
where is 7:58 Kasara local from Thane (sent from Airoli)
thane Ghatkopar... kab tak ayega thane?? (sent from Belapur Cbd Stn.)
Kanjurmarg to dadar train running??? (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)
has the river ulhas flooded? (sent from Vile Parle)
what is the status of Central line from ambernath  (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)
what is status of CST to kalyan trains (sent from Mira Road)
thane. to kalyan train how much delay (sent from Borivali Stn.)
Bhai bahot bhid hai kya dadar pe? To go to tgane? (sent from Bhayander)
Down side train chalu hai kya??
How trains working from Dombivli, are they slow??  (sent from Kopar)
train is running from thane to ambernath or not ??
Thane station pe vada paav garam hai kya!?!???
guys for trains update please what app me on 7718050505 (sent from Vithalwadi)
kalyan se koi train cst k liye nikali hai kya?? (sent from Thakurli)
thanks malayalee aanale?? (sent from Dombivli)
has train left ghatkopar? (sent from Kurla Stn.)
I m at Thane right now. nd m in Pushpak express. nd from last one hr train ruk hui hae.. what is d problm .  (sent from Thane Stn.)
hi. Kasara  9.01pm is it on time??? (sent from Dadar Stn.)
m asking about bullet train?? where is bullet train 
how are the trains functioning? towards csmt??
not expecting dun dun dun XD "Just fine" is also relief. no issues right? 
chalu hai... but most of the trains are getting cancelled :'(... better get to a station which has halt for fast trains. U can get more options (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)
thane local from cst? (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)
pls confirm tomorrow dt-10.07.2018. dealy or not? 
kalyan to cst train chalu hai kyaa??? (sent from Kalyan)
Are trains on time?  (sent from Ghatkopar)
what about 8.43 asangaon?? Kahan hai abhi? (sent from Thane Stn.)
? (sent from Ghansoli Stn.)
is there any problem on down route thane to karjat on slow track
???
aabhi chalu hai na train? (sent from Kalyan)
is the train running from thane to kalyan???
What is the status of Kasara fast train which arrives 9:32 at Thane (sent from Turbhe)
to what 
train running on time or not? from kalyan
train status?? (sent from Thane)
is the train to badlapur on time
tommorrow also trains are late or what (sent from Kanjur Marg)
where is the asangaon slow 8:43
central line karjat train chal rahi hai?  (sent from Charni Road Stn.)
what is the status of train from GHATKOPAR TO MumBra
thane to dombivli train is running on time? (sent from Thane Stn.)
what 
9:33 thane badlapur anybody status? (sent from Bhandup Stn.)
what about karjat to cst ?
pls update where is kasara train 9:32 Thane (sent from Rabale)
what is the status of kalyan
? (sent from Airoli Stn.)
? (sent from Airoli Stn.)
what abut karjt to cstm ?
?
what is the status of vitthalwadi to kalyan train
what about 8:32 Badlapur (sent from Thane Stn.)
Are trains running properly towards cst? (sent from Shahad Stn.)
Vidya Vihar to Dadr Slow local chalu hai kya.. koi Bata Sakta hai kya bhai? (sent from Vidyavihar)
Where's AN reach ? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
central line chalu aahe kaa?? (sent from Turbhe)
thane to Kalyan locals are in time??? (sent from Turbhe)
up trains are ok from dombivli?  (sent from Thakurli)
is anyone coming to Kalyan station? (sent from Kalyan)
Kaha see?? (sent from Mumbra)
अंबरनाथ से मुंबई का लोकल टाईम से है? 
thane to ambernath 9:36 ???
are the train services smooth to travel to kasara? (sent from Kalyan)
there is any problem with central line or not? (sent from Andheri Stn.)
trains slow hai kya down Ka? (sent from Thane)
is there any issue towards to cst in central line  ??
where is ambernath 9.41 from kalva ? (sent from Kalva Stn.)
wat abt trains to kalyan ?
why (sent from Airoli)
are the trains on time?
any updates of trains from thakurli to cst side??? (sent from Thakurli Stn.)
is center line cleared? 
why kya hua (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
is train running from kalwa? 
kalyan to titwala trin is running or not?  (sent from Titwala)
what is the status of train to dombivali (sent from Vikhroli)
what is the status of train towards kalyan to thane (sent from Thakurli)
where is karjat train ..thane timing is 10.02 (sent from Kalva)
CST to Kalyan train chal rahi he kya? (sent from Chunabhatti)
train time pe hai Kya ? (sent from Dombivli)
kal train time par rahegi ya aise hi late rahegi?? 
What's the status of trains from Kalyan to CST, please (sent from Nahur Stn.)
rain has started again what about trains are they running safely  (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
Bhai Vikhroli station k Bahar mohini hotel chaalu hai Kya ? (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)
is babu bhai still selling idli sambhar outside grant road East? (sent from Marine Lines Stn.)
of where ? (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)
anyone has idea about Shalimar express which starts from kurla  (sent from Vithalwadi)
where it is?? (sent from Vithalwadi)
what about tomorrow status  (sent from Kalva)
Are trains on time? (sent from Dombivli)
Is Central railway trains running from Thane to CSMT?
is there any waterlogging between central line? (sent from Tilak Nagar)
any idea regarding tommorow? 
train towards thane is available? 
what about saion station.....guys (sent from Virar)
is train still running? 
is train still running? 
how did you send rain?? (sent from Tilak Nagar)
are trains running from thaane to cat? (sent from Kalva)
Tommorow I want to reach ushlasnagar....what should I do? whether I should go or not? (sent from Kalyan)
Thane to Dadar??
trains are on time ????? (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
where is khopoli train  (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
are trains running between dadar to cst on time?? (sent from Malad)
what about Kasara fast local from Ghatkopar (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
Anybody who can update? (sent from Malad)
and also what about thane? (sent from Malad)
r u from weather forecast department ? 🤔
n what about intercity anyidea (sent from Borivali Stn.)
is Trains are on time? (sent from Titwala Stn.)
what is the status of trains towards badlapur
morning trains will be working??
status from dadar to thane? 
status from ghatkopar to Dombivli?  (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)
tna to kyn status..? (sent from Kalva)
train?? 
guys plz give perfect update news about railways it's difficult for people who stay fhar away from office or college (sent from Kalyan)
are train running for ambernath?  (sent from Nalla Sopara)
trains status???
vitthalwadi and ulhas k bich train kyu rukaya he any update? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
are trains working?  (sent from Nalla Sopara)
उद्या मध्य रेल्वे सुरू असेल का?
kya hua bhai.. why train stopped between ulhas t& vithal (sent from Ulhas Nagar)
what shall be probability of train that  run from Mumbai to pune (sent from Andheri)
what u doin in central line?  (sent from Nalla Sopara)
train status from DDar to Asangaon?  (sent from Nalla Sopara)
which is the last train from byculla  (sent from Mahalakshmi)
where r khopoli train (sent from Neral)
how much delay is there? (sent from Vikhroli)
Thane  to cst side train running normal? (sent from Vikhroli)
is there any problem in vittalvadi to Badlapur (sent from Vithalwadi Stn.)
who said (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)
is it moving? (sent from Vithalwadi Stn.)
which train is nearby Badlapur ? (sent from Badlapur)
Any body who's online...Plz reply, I have to go to Rabale tomorrow morning. (Sent from Chembur)
is there any train for CST???? (sent from Thane Stn.)
afraan frm charkop? 
After Kalyan trains are delayed for Badlapur, Khopoli, Karjat (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)
wada paav? 
What happened madam???
what wada Paav (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)
i want.. any stall open? 
Are trains running properly?  (sent from Badlapur Stn.)
any update from airoli to thane? 
are their trains gng towards dwn side???
anyone coming frm ghatkopr now?please giv the update (sent from Kanjur Marg)
any updates about train?? (sent from Dombivli)
what is the status of trains going towards down
any cst going train coming to mulund?  (sent from Bhandup Stn.)
what is status of train (sent from Titwala Stn.)
what's the current status (sent from Chinchpokli Stn.)
Manoj how about rain in South Mumbai (sent from Thakurli Stn.)
what is the status of vidhyavihar stn to CST train (sent from Vidyavihar Stn.)
haeavy rain ? (sent from Thakurli Stn.)
what ia the status of train
Guys. Are trains running on track or in water? 
what is last train schedule towards kurla (sent from Khar Road Stn.)
dont go any where guys its heavy raining
Today lot of Rumours were spread train stopped not running n all .Kindly don't spread such incorrect or Rumours .We need to help each other n share correct genuine news which will be useful for all of us ....We need to make the use of dis app in right way which will help each n every individual. (sent from Thakurli Stn.)
Can Someone please post current status of trains....??? (sent from Vithalwadi)
r trains running towards asangaon? 
trains are delayed tomorrow? (sent from Kalyan)
what is the status of thane station? (sent from Kalyan)
when will train come (sent from Byculla Stn.)
i m in titwala train which now reachd mumbra (sent from Kalva)
what is the status
still any water logging in Thane? (sent from Charni Road Stn.)
raining in Thane?  (sent from Charni Road Stn.)
what abt Karjat last  train,  
where is Karjat last local (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
guys tomorrow if its raining heavily plz go by bus instead of trains....if u travel​ by train there are maximum chances that u vl get stuck up. . ...but if u Travel by bus it vl take some time but u vl keep moving​.....thts btr than being stuck up
whtever way u choose fr traveling be safe.....thts the only thing which is important..
what about Indore Pune ? (sent from Shahad)
train from thane to Dadar when 
bhai Ambernath train kaha pohchi hai? Abhi tak Dombivli nahi Aya? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
kya colleges opn rahenge tomm?? (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)
are kurla and dadar station filled with water?  (sent from Tilak Nagar Stn.)
any updates relating the convince for traveling?  (sent from Tilak Nagar Stn.)
the rains will continue till when?  (sent from Tilak Nagar Stn.)
will trains be working tom morning? (sent from Thane)
school and colleges open or not????????? (sent from Byculla Stn.)
Nice joke. If they had done their jobs properly this situation would never have arrived.But it's the problem with people who will still vote and bring shivsena and bjp to power knowing they have done nothing for past 2 decades. (sent from Khandeshwar)
what's the scene of dadar station and kurla stations?  (sent from Tilak Nagar Stn.)
anyone knows anything?  (sent from Tilak Nagar Stn.)
so you mean rest are good we didnt had problem when they were elected
Mr. Shahu, no matters with any political party. Try to understand the Real situation, when there is a high tide time and its raining heavily water cloggong will happen and if its low tide then there would not be much problems. Request you not to make this public chat political .👍👍 (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
kya morning me train work karengi ?? (sent from Nilje)
can anyone let know about the status?? (sent from Vithalwadi)
what's update
Dadar stn ke bahar idli wala milega kya abhi? (sent from Kanjur Marg)
may i knw trains are working or not ? (sent from Airoli Stn.)
will trains be working tmrw morning? (sent from Thane)
where r u now (sent from Diva Jn)
where is 2:35 karjat csmt local now (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
is there waterlog at csmt & station?? (sent from Thane)
trains on time? (sent from Shahad)
good morning, where has 4:55 A reached (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
fast train ? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
are trains to kasara on time? please respond. thanks. (sent from Thane Stn.)
where is 5.45 fast train (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
6:26 badlapur is on time?  (sent from Badlapur)
are train running on time??? 
6:51 CST FAST? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
where is 6:55 titwala train? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
where is it raining? (sent from Shahad Stn.)
r the trains unning on time ????? (sent from Kopar)
why delayed central line today (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)
what happen slow line train are very late. (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)
hi can any one tell if 8.24 slow local from thane left ? if thane starting trains are there? (sent from Thane)
any update on titwala and asangaon trains? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
where is kasara train ? (sent from Thane)
where is 9:09 krjt dombivlo
To the DRM plz start Dombivali -Kurla -Dombivali increased slow local... It will help passengers of Metro.. and also People where this lot of Population as Kalva, Mumbra, Diva and Dombivali
why every time we central line person suffer due to railway train late issue (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
why every time we central line person suffer due to railway train late issue (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
trains frm badlapur? (sent from Ambernath Stn.)
9 27 kasara local reached ?
wer is 9.33 cst fast from thane?  (sent from Mulund)
15car Klyn Dadar on time?  (sent from Thakurli Stn.)
wat is the status of kasara 9:35 ??  (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
wat is the status of kasara 9:35 ??  (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
badalapur to dadar 8.45  roj roj let let ka??? ata diva station aali aahe (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)
badlapur fast which also halt at diva is left ghatkopar now (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)
9:46 khopoli gayi kya amb se??
what about Kalyan CST fast train? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
did Kalyan CST train left from Kalyan? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
whr is kalyan dadar 15 carts train?  (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
where is 10 :10 Thane local train  (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
where is titwala thane (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
how are trains in CSMT (sent from Cst Stn.)
from Belapur to Andheri how arrived
titwala where is (sent from Titwala Stn.)
10:42 just left from thane station at 10:57. why locAls are late..? (sent from Thane Stn.)
11.04 dombivli is on time? (sent from Dombivli)
dadar to Karjat ?
is 11.35 ambernath cst on time?? or late by 5-10 mins  (sent from Badlapur)
train for CSMT? (sent from Thane Stn.)
also stop making locals wait for mail crossing for 10-15 mins.. when mail is not ready to cross.. they keep waiting for mail trains.. Meanwhile 2-3 locals can pass easily in tht period (sent from Mumbra Stn.)
15 car kalyan cst status? (sent from Thane Stn.)
are the trains on time now? (sent from Ambernath Stn.)
from Ambernath? (sent from Ambernath Stn.)
can I book ticket online ? from Kalyan to neral?
update on kalyan to karjat please? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
where is 12.11 fast train from kalyan now  (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
shahad pr train late h kya? (sent from Shahad)
where is khopoli train 12.44 from Ghatkopar (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
why always fast trains are been cancelled??  (sent from Mumbra Stn.)
 cat fast train  what is current location of train (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
Y the trains are running late? Mulund station  (sent from Mulund Stn.)
what is the current status of kasara @1:09 from Mulund (sent from Mulund Stn.)
why are train late ahed in central line? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
Is there a lot of crowd on kurla vashi route right now (sent from Turbhe Stn.)
any update on this?
2:11 badlapur cst train left badlapur??? (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)
what about Thane Kasara train  (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
2.27 kasara train at dombivli,is it running?? (sent from Thakurli Stn.)
is central railway right time  ?. (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)
karjat train kaha par hai??
central railway on time  ? (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)
where is 3.43 badlapur slow from Kalyan ? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
trains are in time...???
is karjat to cstm train in time????
why is cstm khopoli fast train late. it's standing on Kalyan station from 15 min?
train status ?
what is the status of 5.30 Kalyan fast from Dadar? (sent from Dadar Stn.)
where is kasara train (Thane 5;32)  (sent from Thane)
when time train for ambivali from dombivali (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
where is badlapur train?  (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)
where is the sahyadri express arriving? (sent from Dadar Stn.)
is Karjat train from thane on time?
khopoli train? (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
is Karjat train left on time from thane? (sent from Kopar Stn.)
is Karjat train left on time from thane? (sent from Kopar Stn.)
plz note 5.59 badalapur trian middle ladies compartment door is not closing due to technical issue. plz arrange someone to manage otherwise people will fall down when they try to catch the trian (sent from Sandhurst Road Stn.)
is that khopoli train  6:26 pm left from Dombivali?
pls let me know when 6:40 Kalyan semi fast local status  (sent from Elphinstone Road Stn.)
ambernath?  (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
6.39 (CSMT- Badlapur) on time hai Kya .....?
where is 7:07 ambernath train from kalyan? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
where is 7:32 Ambernath fast train? (sent from Ambernath)
where is khopoli cat fast train? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
where amberanth fast train later 7:40 dadar
where amberanth fast train later 7:40 dadar
which time morning train Will be start
which time morning train satat
which time morning train start
thane karjat train? (sent from Kalva Stn.)
all trains running smooth? (sent from Airoli)
what about cst train from ghatkopar?
8:36 Badlapur train status pls?
8.36 thane Nikla kya ??? (sent from Masjid Stn.)
8:46 khopoli left? (sent from Byculla Stn.)
any train towards titwala? status plz (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
Why Training is Running so slowly ?  (sent from Vidyavihar)
kasara fast train time pe hai kya?  (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
did cst train arrived there?? 
where is the khopoli train 09:52 from vithalwadi (sent from Vithalwadi Stn.)
where is the fast train (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
where is karjat to csmt fast local  (sent from Kalyan Stn.)
karjat to cstm fast local left from kalyan ???? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)
too rush at thane station now, any issue on central line? (sent from Thane Stn.)
Where is kalyan fast 
where is bl 10.3pm train is it running late today?  (sent from Kopar Stn.)
Badlapur on time?
where is 10:08 kalyan?  (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)
can anyone tell me regarding 6.08 pm Dadar -kalyan train there is too much rush what to get in to the train from kurla station.... (sent from Vithalwadi)
badlapur train? (sent from Badlapur)
CST se ulhasnagar train's are on time? (sent from Shahad)
morning train kalva to cstm what time??
Thane to ghatkopar slow train?
ac local kab chalu hogi ??? (sent from Santa Cruz)
is there khopoli train there tomorrow morning (sent from Mankhurd Stn.)
any updates for tomorrow? 
WHEN MUMBRA (MBQ) RAILWAY STATION DEVELOPED PLEASE FOR DEVELOPED MUMBRA RAILWAY STATION BECAUSE OF HIGHER DENSITY OF PEOPLE IN MUMBRA PLEASE RUN FAST LOCAL FROM MUMBRA (SENT FROM MUMBRA) MD SAIF NEWS
any megablock on Sunday? (sent from Kopar)
hi..are trains to Cst from Kalyan are on track? (sent from Thakurli Stn.)
where kalyan dadar train reached please (sent from Mumbra Stn.)
are local trains running from Karjat to Kalyan?
which is the best train
I want to go from LTT to Thane How to go
people catch CSMT fast train from Dombivali for Thane. Similarly fast train from Thane to get down at Mulund. What to do with such people.  (sent from Thakurli Stn.)
is there any train from Vikhroli to Kalyan now (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)
where is kasara train (sent from Titwala Stn.)
domestic airport to kurla/vidya vihar railway atm how ti reach ?