are trains from Mulund to Dadar running?

problem??? i (sent from Vidyavihar Stn.)

what's is the status of central line in dadar

Train chalu aahet ka?? (sent from Diva Jn)

Ghatkopar to Titwala train status??? 

what about central line timing 

what is the status of trains (sent from Dombivli)

dadar to CSMT?? (sent from Dadar Stn.)

Train status from Mulund to kurla?

is it safe to go office? (sent from Diva Jn)

Dadar to Thane.. are trains running smoothly????  (sent from Vasai Road)

cst se Kalyan train hai kya?

?? 

train on time or not

what's train status CR (sent from Thane Stn.)

are trains on time in central and harbour line? (sent from Mahim Jn)

Sakec? (sent from Vadala Road Stn.)

11.04 dombivli is on time? (sent from Dombivli)

when the central railway run on time.every Sunday take maga blocks.f..k to system of cr (sent from Vithalwadi)

Badlapur CST status kya hai?

KHADAVALI To Kalyan mega block ahe ka? 

what hapen

Are trains running on 9th ? (sent from Thane)

are there trains at kurla?

sab band hogaya ok? (sent from Kalyan)

train time pe hai Kya?

ghatkopar to badlapur?  (sent from Mulund Stn.)

what is the current status?

what about kalyan to thane ?? (sent from Vangani Stn.)

kalyan to thane train chal Raha hai kya....? 

Are trains running beyond kalyan towards kasara??  (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)

is 7.43 thane badlapur confirmed??? (sent from Kalva Stn.)

7.57? or 6.57?

what about Kurla ?? (sent from Kalva)

6.18 fast CST from Dombivali?? status

are trains running from Kalyan to Ghatkopar? (sent from Shahad)

what is the status in Sion  (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

can anyone pls reply for thane to Ambernath?

what about sion station  (sent from Mahim Jn)

trains sion ke aege ,cst side jaa rahi hai kya? (sent from Mulund Stn.)

are the trains running from kurla to dadar? (sent from Sion Stn.)

all trains are running time to time??  (sent from Kalyan)

where is the thane train? (sent from Kopar Stn.)

Train are running or not

kasara/asangaon/train to CST r running properly?

trains to Kasara are running on time or not

are trains traveling usually?

what is the status of trains from  cat 

is Kasara line working?? (sent from Charni Road Stn.)

train chalu hai from kalyan  to badlapur???

is kalyan cst and cst kalyan working ? (sent from Thane)

are trains running on time from thane ? is there water logging btw kurla to dadar?

kurla to dadar is there any update ??? guys (sent from Kurla)

which movie Hitesh?? (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)

what about ghatkopar

any update..?? (sent from Thane)

what's the problem ?? (sent from Dadar Stn.)

status for badlapur train?  (sent from Thane Stn.)

by hw much time are trains from thane to dombivali delayed?  (sent from Thane Stn.)

ambarnth to csmt proper chalu hai na? (sent from Ambernath)

dombivali to dadar trains running ? (sent from Nilje)

water logging h ky kurla/sion me ? (sent from Mankhurd)

status of train towards thane? (sent from Bandra)

is it true?

7:21 cst train position ? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

what states cst to khopoli train open r not (sent from Thakurli)

what is the train status in thane (sent from Thane)

train from kurla to kalyan???? (sent from Chunabhatti)

locals are working smoothly ?

what is status

are trains running on time? (sent from Cst Stn.)

what about thane to aroli (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

is train on time? (sent from Kalva)

Ambernath down train late हैं क्या??  (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

can anyone tell me the status of kanjurmarg station? (sent from Dombivli)

Kindly check Megablock details in *Most Liked Chats at right side of chat section* also the Megablock details are available in News section of m-indicator app. *News Section* button is present at top right corner of chat section

trains running on time...?  (sent from Thakurli Stn.)

what's badlapur thana train  (sent from Badlapur)

what about thane to kalyan? (sent from Bhandup Stn.)

what about badlapur to CST locals (sent from Badlapur Stn.)

Vashi to Thane is working...? (sent from Nerul)

Thane to badlapur ?

what is the status of central line trains? From vidyavihar to thane. (sent from Vidyavihar Stn.)

what about dombivali to dadar train (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

certral train r on time or not

kalyan ke train chalu hai Kya? (sent from Byculla Stn.)

is the train late on Ghatkopar (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

reason jaan k kya karloge? you gonna magically solve it? (sent from Nahur Stn.)

kalyan mein kasara side se train aa rahe hai?

trains working from cst towards Thane? (sent from Churchgate)

trains on time? (sent from Lower Parel)

train are running from dadar to kalyan??? (sent from Virar)

why train geting let & station master not anouns reson for train let  (sent from Shelu Stn.)

ambernath to cst....are the trains running properly?

pls help.... any update on trains to karjat??? (sent from Mulund)

what is current status of western line train 

where is 11.58 csmt fast reached.?? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

centrL train  time pe hain kya?? (sent from Kalyan)

what is the status of trains in thane and beyond  (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)

 last train left from cst? plz reply anyone

trains is late? (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)

curry road Sai Thane kaa status kya hai ?? (sent from Currey Road)

ulhasnagar to CST?? (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)

train has come? (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

what is the status from kurla to dombivli ??

why trains are late (sent from Mulund Stn.)

karjat se lonavla train kitne baje niklegi ? (sent from Karjat Stn.)

central line chaalu hi?? (sent from Khar Road)

trains barobar chal rahi hai kya ?? (sent from Mulund)

is there any water logging between kurla and matunga...??? (sent from Kalyan)

Ambernath to CST train status? (sent from Vithalwadi)

hii kuch status from kalyan??? (sent from Thakurli)

whre is 9.47 kalyan dadar 15 car ? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

what is the status from lower parel  (sent from Thane Stn.)

any slow local towards ghatkopar frm dadar? (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

what is the situation on central line from Mulund to Asangaon and vice versa 

what is status?running late or not running? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

what about ambernath trains (sent from Ambernath)

are trains on time running from kalyan to CST? (sent from Shahad)

whats status from ambernath ? (sent from Ambernath Stn.)

Central line working hai?  (sent from Santa Cruz)

what about hurbour line train status (sent from Gtb Nagar)

kalyan thane train chalu hai?

kurla to ghatkopar trains working??? (sent from Chembur)

Is there water log 

central train running ? (sent from Diva Jn)

Central towards CST are working ?? (sent from Kanjur Marg)

Gaao ka train chalu hai kya? ??? (sent from Dativali)

are trains working from Badlapur to kurla? (sent from Badlapur Stn.)

what about status of trains (sent from Airoli Stn.)

Thane to cstm train Ka kya status hai ? (sent from Thane)

कल्याण शहाड कुछ प्रॉब्लेम है क्या?  (sent from Andheri Stn.)

what about slow trains towards CST (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)

what happened not visible (sent from Cst Stn.)

what the reason train are late (sent from Thane Stn.)

what about trains to Andheri? (sent from Kings Circle Stn.)

what is train status , towards cst from Ambarnath (sent from Ambernath)

is there train running from churchgate to Virar or not (sent from Grant Road)

any delays of trains to dombivali?? (sent from Santa Cruz Stn.)

hey what about central line trains (sent from Kalyan)

what about badalapur to cst (sent from Badlapur Stn.)

train status for kalwa station???

Thane situation? (sent from Thane Stn.)

are trains late ?? (sent from Thakurli)

is there is a train from sion to thane (sent from Sion Stn.)

cst thane status plz?  (sent from Elphinstone Road Stn.)

Ambarnath to kanjurmarg trains hai kyaa?

what about kalyan to ghatkopar (sent from Kalyan)

Kalyan to Kasara what is the status ? (sent from Badlapur)

what is train possition (sent from Khar Road Stn.)

train towards cst? (sent from Vithalwadi)

are trains on time? i need to go to Andheri (sent from Ambernath Stn.)

is train available from ghatkopar to thane (fast)?? (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

local chalu he kya?? (sent from Ambernath)

kurla to Thane train shuru hai kya? 

12.21 karjat train????

Ghatkopar to Ambernath any train running or not

trains r running correct on time ?

what about thane to kasara ? (sent from Rabale Stn.)

is 6.51 fast train at dombivli on time? (sent from Sandhurst Road)

having megablock from Panvel to Kurla?

Ghatkopar to Dombivali chalu ahe ka?

hi...   fast train from  cst  to badalapur where it is reached??? (sent from Mulund Stn.)

is any problem on dadar (sent from Matunga Road Stn.)

what is problem near nahur (sent from Nahur Stn.)

hello... Central rail is working on time? 

bhai bhandup to byculla train jayegi???? (sent from Bhandup Stn.)

hi...train updates from dombivali to kurla? (sent from Nilje Stn.)

what is the condition of central railway

train is on to!e...?

from kurla to thane?? (sent from Chunabhatti)

cst to karjat chalu hai kya??

but why are they late?

what was scheduled time? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

अंबरनाथ ते मुंबई ट्रेन स्टेटस काय आहे?

can anyone pls tell why fast trains are not moving from Kalyan  (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

Ghatkopar to Kalyan trains are running or not?

any updates around vidyavihar station ??? (sent from Mulund)

thane to dadar? (sent from Borivali Stn.)

what is the status of tain  from mumbra 

Sachi thane see aage nai jarai Kya ? (sent from Kopar Stn.)

दादर रत्नागिरी वेळेत आहे का? (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)

Thane to kurla chalu hai ??? (sent from Nahur)

what is the status for cst - karjat trains? (sent from Thane)

Central line la meghablock  nahi ahe na aj...? (sent from Badlapur Stn.)

what is status of central line from cst to kalyan  (sent from Reay Road Stn.)

what about Central line (sent from Churchgate)

hello. I want to travel from Goregaon to Byculla. which is the best route to travel

what abt the Nahur situation? (sent from Vikhroli)

are Karjat Badlapur trains running on  time??? (sent from Thane Stn.)

Thane to Belapur CBD , is there a MEGABLOCK AND TILL WHAT TIME 

5:21 kalyan slow from titwala, what is status  (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

status from Badlapur ? (sent from Badlapur)

which train is coming on gahtkopar fast track

or trains are late  ? (sent from Borivali Stn.)

Cetral railway cha aadmuthe pana lokani kiti divas sahan karayacha ? (sent from Mulund)

dadar to ghatkopar anyone ?  (sent from Vile Parle)

train are running?

when is karjat than slow local reached ( snd from ulhasnagar) (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)

kaha?

Thane to airoli working?  (sent from Airoli Stn.)

are trains running between badlapur and ambernath??? (sent from Karjat)

trains from Badlapur ? anyone ? (sent from Badlapur)

thane tak hi chalu hai kya...? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

what about the than status (sent from Airoli)

are trains are on time?

are trains working from dadar to Kalyan? 

are trains stopped at any station due to water logging?¿?? (sent from Nahur Stn.)

karjat? (sent from Masjid Stn.)

what about cst to thane slow train 

where is khopli train ? (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)

current status of trains from dadar to dombivli? (sent from Santa Cruz Stn.)

is Central line working??? (sent from Bhandup)

status of slow trains? (sent from Nahur Stn.)

I wanna go to Badlapur.... are the trains regular?  (sent from Bandra)

is there mega block from Badlapur to Thane tomorrow? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

is their any water logging in Sion? (sent from Vidyavihar Stn.)

Is train towards CST working ?

where did it reached now? pls update thanks (sent from Badlapur)

2.53 fast for cst from Mulund. has it reached Thane?  (sent from Mulund Stn.)

are kalyan to cst local running?? (sent from Vithalwadi)

what about express trains to pune

what the train status from dombivli to thane?

any slow train from kalyan to dadar???

from kalyan is train running on time?

Kalyan  To  dadar  train  is  available???  (sent from Vithalwadi)

are TMT busses running?

nywer heavy rainfall ?

any update for kalyan kasar train??

Sunday mega block start timing?? (sent from Nilje)

Status from Ambarnath towards CST??? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

2:58 F Kalyan to CST has left?  (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

what about Kalyan to karjat

thane to vashi?

what is the status  of badlapur  to cst

whts the status of the train? from DADAR TO THANE (sent from Mumbra)

where is 2.07 karjat From dombivli (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

what the hell is going in this train (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)

Andheri to?

any details about Ambarnath? (sent from Khar Road Stn.)

Are trains on time on central line?? (sent from Airoli Stn.)

cst jaane wali train chalu hai kya? (sent from Mumbra)

is it raining at Thane? (sent from Chunabhatti)

what is status from Thane beyond  (sent from Kopar Stn.)

trains towards kalyann? (sent from Santa Cruz Stn.)

weather train move towards cst form ghatkopar??

reason?  (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

what is the status from mumbra to cst?? 

trains chalu hai kya from thane?

what about Kasara train@? 

what is the running status of central line

Vidya Vihar to Dadr Slow local chalu hai kya.. koi Bata Sakta hai kya bhai? (sent from Vidyavihar)

 bdlapur to cst working...??? (sent from Badlapur Stn.)

any train going towards thane from cst?  (sent from Nahur Stn.)

are trains to Dadar working normally or delayed?

thane to kalyan train  chalu he kya? 

where is thane badlapur local (sent from Ambernath Stn.)

kanjurmarg to dombivli status?  (sent from Kopar Stn.)

kitna hai??

kurla to cst fast normal speed s chal ri hai Kya?

where are slow train in dombivli (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

kalyan dombival train are running ?

Kalyan k aage trains chal rahe hai kya? towards Kasara side. pls update

are the trains delayed? (sent from Andheri)

are the trains running? (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)

condition of ghatkopar?

other downside trains till Dombivli r working?

where does asangaon train (5.41 from CST) reached??  (sent from Bhandup)

dadar to sion train chalri hai kya doston ?

thana se dombivli aane wale trains time pr hai? (sent from Dombivli)

trains on time? 

what about sion station  (sent from Gtb Nagar)

Thane to CST are working or not? Please let me know the status (sent from Nahur)

are autorickshaw Workin in Thane?? (sent from Ambernath)

byculla to kalyan status? (sent from Byculla Stn.)

trains are running normlly..or delays...??

daddar to thane any problem ??? (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

what about Mulund  (sent from Mulund Stn.)

kya haal h train ka ?

ghatkoper see Kalyan trains chalu hai Kya? (sent from Jogeshwari)

can someone please share what is the current status of trains from CST towards Thane?

train running between cst and karjat?  (sent from Vadala Road)

titwala se cst fast trin chalu aahe ka...  ? 

dont go any where guys its heavy raining

अंबरनाथ ते कर्जत ट्रेन चालू आहेत का??? plz reply

Dadar Badlapur is on Time ?? (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)

train's chalu ahet ka????? (sent from Ambernath)

are the trains on time?

down side trains from badlapur to karjat are running or not?? (sent from Badlapur)

What,us,the,issue  from,nahur (sent from Nahur)

thakurli to kanjur train working?  (sent from Thakurli Stn.)

ghatkopar to karjat train??? update pl

central line kurla to kalyan kya scene hai ? (sent from Kurla Stn.)

why train late ? (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)

how are trains toward thane (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

what is status for dadar to thanee (sent from Sewri)

Is Kasara train departed from Ghatkopar ? (sent from Thane Stn.)

KARJAT TO CSMT TRAIN ON TIME ? (sent from Badlapur)

Is the metro working? (sent from Govandi)

are trains on time? (sent from Thane Stn.)

are trains from thane to cst running on time? (sent from Thane)

udahr train aa Raha h Kya? (sent from Thane Stn.)

are trains plying between thane and amber nath? (sent from Koparkhairne)

trains running on time or not

thane to dombivali train Status?  (sent from Thane)

will I be able to reach Thane from dadar? (sent from Lower Parel)

is there megablock on harbour line? (sent from Andheri Stn.)

any special announcement regarding holiday?

how about trains from CSTM to Kalyan? (sent from Jogeshwari)

what about Thane to dadar

what status between kalwa to kanjurmarg (sent from Kalva Stn.)

where is Dadar-Badlapur fast local? (sent from Kurla Stn.)

dadar kasara train chalu aahe ka ? ?  (sent from Goregaon Stn.)

what is a train status Thane to kalyan 

are there any announcements or anything about trains to get? (sent from Airoli Stn.)

what is the train status for ambernath?

are trains late between mulund to ghatkopar? 

are trains for csmt running from Kalyan?

hi any one please tell me can I book local train tickets through mobile app ???

what status abt Kalyan to ambernaath train (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

What is current status of rajya rani express (sent from Thane Stn.)

Dombivli to cstm jane ke liye train chalu he kya ??? (sent from Kopar Stn.)

what is the status between csmt to ghatkopar? (sent from Charni Road)

what is the status...

borivali to mumbai central working? (sent from Kandivali)

why trains are running late?

is it? (sent from Lower Parel)

Upto Ulhasnagar what is the status of local train?

is train on time from titwala ??? (sent from Titwala)

Ghatkopar to thane trains chalu he kya???  (sent from Kings Circle)

status of trains ??

from Titwala any ideA? (sent from Dadar)

swimming suit laya hai kya ?  (sent from Belapur Cbd)

from kalyan trains ?? (sent from Kalyan)

फास्ट ट्रेन है ना ?? भीड है क्या ??? (sent from Mumbra Stn.)

tereko kya TP karna he? 

aaj central line pe megablok hai kya? kaha hai? (sent from Neral Stn.)

 what about status of down train

is there any water logging on stations? (sent from Nahur Stn.)

Are trains are running between kurla to dadar? (sent from Kurla Stn.)

what abt kalyan to cst (sent from Vithalwadi)

what about Thane to CST? (sent from Airoli Stn.)

is this train running on time from kalyan to Thane (sent from Kalyan)

what about thane to cstm

CSMT train stucked between Vikhroli-Ghatkopar station...any update from ghatkopar or kurla station?? (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

local chalu h ??

ghatkopar se train ka status kya hai ???

konsa college? (sent from Vithalwadi Stn.)

Kalyan semi fast time per hai kya?? (sent from Byculla Stn.)

Dombivli station to cst any updates?  (sent from Dombivli)

dadar to thane train late or on time ??

pls watch the ans frm the frnds who reply  (sent from Mahim Jn Stn.)

trains r late. you can go to office.but after that for returning ?

wat abt ghatkoper to sion ??? are the trains working ??

 what is the ticket fare from kalyan to dombavli?

how do you know at dombivli? (sent from Dombivli)

kurla to kalyan train chalu he kya ? (sent from Nerul Stn.)

Byculla to Thane Trains ahet ka mitrano ? (sent from Byculla Stn.)

Are trains working from badlapur to thane ? (sent from Badlapur)

how is the status of train  (sent from Badlapur)

11301 this train what Happens

friends what the train status from badlapur (sent from Badlapur)

बदलापूर कल्याण ट्रेन चालू आहेत का?

what is status of train (sent from Khar Road)

central line any update? (sent from Govandi)

thane se train chalu hai Kya towards Kalyan ?

Train are running ?

what happened why are train slow  (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)

thane se age train ja rahi hai kya ?

status towards cst can u plz give an update...?? (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)

is the train from cst running on time

trains are running from ulhasnagar? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

what about ghatkoper to dombivali (sent from Andheri)

kabhi chalu hoga? (sent from Ambernath Stn.)

what about kalyan to Ambarnath? (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)

are trains towards Kalyan working ? (sent from Thane)

train at kurla? (sent from Vidyavihar)

Guys, what's the current status?? (sent from Kurla)

is there Kalyan to cst delay??

Pls drop all plans on traveling in trains or on roads. This rain is not gonna stop. You will get stuck if you move out of house. just got a msg from Lord Indra that there will be a down pour today.. 😁 (sent from Mulund)

train status ?

what is status of  khopoli train ...

is there any problem from Mulund to Parel?  (sent from Nahur Stn.)

 klyn to ambernath working or not?  (sent from Shahad)

സെൻട്രൽ ട്രെയിൻ... ഓകെ ആണോ?  (sent from Churchgate)

Too hay kaham????  (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

is trains are running today? (sent from Bhandup)

what about is asangone to cst local any one riply please

What is the current status  (sent from Elphinstone Road)

central line working? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

what is thr status for karjat local

train chalu he kya? central ki

status of trains from.ghatkopar to Mulund ?

are trains for badlapur from cst are working fine? (sent from Dombivli)

what about Dombivli to CST trains?

Buses from Thane ( Cidco) bus stop to patni bus are working or not ? (sent from Charni Road Stn.)

can anyone tell me regarding 6.08 pm Dadar -kalyan train there is too much rush what to get in to the train from kurla station.... (sent from Vithalwadi)

any train reaching kalyan yet?  (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

Bhandup to Thane status? (sent from Bhandup)

which time morning train satat

Kurla to Mumbra ...is that working ???? (sent from Kurla Stn.)

Central kitnaa delay h???  (sent from Ambernath)

kalyan to cstm train running status???? (sent from Vithalwadi)

guys what about down trains to Ambernath /badlapur?  (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

dadar to Thane status??  (sent from Mahim Jn Stn.)

central line chalu h kya? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

ambernath to thane ?

is there fast train for kurla? (sent from Vashi Stn.)

train chalu hai k nahi? (sent from Mira Road)

byculla to Mumbra chalu? (sent from Byculla Stn.)

sarcasm????? (sent from Kopar)

r trains working between Dombivli-cst?? (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)

what is central line status

locals are running from to kurla to currey road ?? (sent from Ghatkopar)

dombivali kalyan chalu ahe ka?

Train Status???

Are fast trains running?  (sent from Andheri)

where is the kasara lokal at 3:24pm from kalyan station  (sent from Khadavli Stn.)

i mean are these routes clear and working fine?? (sent from Borivali)

trains time par hai ?

ghatkopar to cst?  (sent from Ghatkopar)

what is the status of express train? I am planning to go Nashik, are the trains running on time between Kalyan and Kasara?? (sent from Chunabhatti)

dombivali to cst chalu h ???  (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)

trains to Karjat are running...??? (sent from Kalyan)

wht is d status of slw trns frm thane towarfs kalyan..? (sent from Thane Stn.)

what is the prediction of rain today? (sent from Kalyan)

central line trains working ?  (sent from Ambernath Stn.)

trains are running on time ? from asangaon to kalyan  (sent from Vasind)

bhai badlapur si train time pi hai Kya? (sent from Badlapur)

kurla to kalyan update......? (sent from Khar Road)

6.36 fast from kalyan bhandup stop any status?? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

anyone running from mumbra to vidya vihar ????

is there any megablock on central line???

on time? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

Ghatkopar to cst fast status? (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

are trains running towards karjat?

central line train chalu hai Kya? (sent from Kalyan)

sure? 

really??

Is there water logging now as in morning (sent from Cst Stn.)

what's status from CSTM TOWARDS THANE (sent from Grant Road Stn.)

why train is halted before ghatkopar  (sent from Kurla Stn.)

asangao to cst train statues ? (sent from Kalyan)

thane to kurla train chalu hai kya???

anyone from kalyan?

are trains running on time?  (sent from Thakurli)

is train running kalyan to cst?

r train running on time??? (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)

Ghatkopar to thane ?

Dhanu virar trains status..????

Dombivali to chicpokli trains update ? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

sion madhe pani bharale ahe ka ? (sent from Nahur)

may I know current train status? (sent from Thane)

thane to Kalyan train running  or not ? (sent from Rabale)

where is karjat train (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

whats status towards titwala kasara?? 

 are fast trains running fast or are they slow? (sent from Cotton Green Stn.)

Trains kabhi band hogaa? (sent from Dombivli)

thane to cat what is the status?

central line down status please??

what about train from diva to thane??..... are they working properly

what is the status of 5.54 asangaao at dadar (sent from Elphinstone Road Stn.)

are trains from vidhyavihar to thane running well? (sent from Mulund)

train are working fine right? (sent from Thane)

Thane to Ghatkopar trains available?

wait.... you serious? (sent from Thane)

is the train working  (sent from Vikhroli)

Thane To Dadar??? 

whts the status of thana badlapur 7:43?? (sent from Rabale Stn.)

dombivli to cst trains? (sent from Dombivli)

why train dealy

any one update for 7:45 csmt to Kalyan train status? (sent from Elphinstone Road Stn.)

status for central line? (sent from Sanpada)

2:19 ki kasara kidhar he..?? (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)

from Ambernath to cst train available at 6:30 pm today ?

i m from ambivli i want to go Dombivli can I prefer train ?? or any other option ?? (sent from Ambivli Stn.)

thane to badlapur ka status kya hai? (sent from Mira Road Stn.)

Thane to Kalyan train chalu hai kya? (sent from Airoli Stn.)

Are trains started for andheri or not ? plz update  (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)

titwala CST ka kya? (sent from Shahad)

are trains functional between cst and dombivli??? (sent from Elphinstone Road)

Thane CST r on time? (sent from Vashi)

is there any megablock on CR on 8th july.

are there trains running from cst to ambernath???? 

what is status of train??

your at Kalyan dear? 

any train issues on slow track? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

from badlapur to csmt train condition??

there was an announcement which stated that there is problem at dadar matunga and up trains towards kalyan thane trains are late by 25min (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

from KYN to cstm status?  (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

Ghatkopar to Sion trains are running? (sent from Malad Stn.)

dombivali? (sent from Kopar)

whats the condition today? (sent from Vikhroli)

dombivli to thane?? (sent from Thakurli)

Thane to Dadar running or not

hi I am moving from shahad to catch now can move is it ok? (sent from Shahad)

status at Sion?

cst to thane trains status???  (sent from Mulund)

can anyone pls tell me the train from badlapur to cst is running or wht?.  (sent from Badlapur)

as it was raining from 2 days, are the trains late or something.. how's the weather in thane ?

no announcement has been done in train, please tell should we step out from train and start walking towards station??? (sent from Nahur Stn.)

Are trains crowded as usual or few people are out due to rain? 

are trains running on time from Ghatkopar towards Bhandup???

 are trains going towards cst from Ghatkopar?

thane to vt trains are there? (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)

I'm at my place buddy but you know how the bosses are..  (sent from Koparkhairne)

Is there waterlogging anywhere? (sent from Vikhroli)

guys What is the status of trains..? Working or not?? #send from shahad.. (sent from Shahad)

Where ia kasara

any news about western side? (sent from Kalyan)

where is 8:03 train from thane (sent from Thane Stn.)

Train aayi? (sent from Thane Stn.)

are the trains on time to Thane? (sent from Ghatkopar) (sent from Ghatkopar)

डोंबिवली to दादर trains status?  (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

what is current status of today train (sent from Badlapur)

will slow train 6.58 from Ulhasnagar stop at Matunga?  (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)

this is tooo much yar after w8ing 20min on platfrom no 6 at thane they announce train gonna come @4 so unfair no value of our time nothing if mail can b on time local can b on time tooo 11,17 cstm came at 44 top off that it halted for mail crossing pathetic (sent from Mulund)

what about fast tarck (sent from Nahur Stn.)

Hi, does anyone know if vasai diva panvel line DMU is running?

what is status at Kurla Ghatkopar station

trains running so late why between mulund to Kalyan on slow line (sent from Thane Stn.)

which train? (sent from Dombivli)

anybody knows status from Dombivali to thane?  (sent from Thakurli)

ghatkopr se thane train suru hai kya?

8:21 Local @ Kalyan ?? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

Karajat to kalyan trains,on time? (sent from Karjat Stn.)

Hiii boss thane se Dombivli koi problem hai kya trns ka???  plz rply (sent from Dombivli)

Why Rs3826 crore is being spent on Shivaji Memorial Project? I know that after this statement many Shivaji lovers might be angry on me but I must say please look after these at least once because wasting money on such things doesn't goes good instead use the same for the betterment of our country 🙏 (sent from Thane)

Thane to badlapur chalu ahet Ka trains? (sent from Koparkhairne)

what is status from dombivli to tiwala (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

asangao se kalyan chalu hai kya ? (sent from Kalyan)

dadar to neral trains are on time? (sent from Santa Cruz Stn.)

kalyn to Dadar any train issue due to rain ?

what is an issue  (sent from Mulund)

Are trains running? (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)

is there any problem at sandhurst road  (sent from Churchgate)

it's too much raining in Badlapur trains are running or nt?

Can passengers travelling by 8.30am ASANGAON local tell me what is the status of train 

why trains are always late 

hi,what about train for thane from byculla (sent from Chinchpokli Stn.)

what is the status of train from kalyan to karjat?? 

dadar to Thane ?? (sent from Khar Road)

any cst train available from ulhas?? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

richa budkar are trains running or they have been stopped.? (sent from Khopoli Stn.)

Badlapur to thane train ka kya status hai ?

thane to cst ? (sent from Ghansoli Stn.)

where is asangoan local

is all trains are at time from kalyan

what is central line train status??  (sent from Ambernath)

for central ? (sent from Churchgate Stn.)

Thana to Kalyan train chalu hain kya?  (sent from Khandeshwar)

bhaandup ke station ke bahar Vadapaav Wala hai Kya?

what is the status of central line (sent from Juinagar)

where is kasara  local 10.29 (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)

anyone for beer? (sent from Airoli Stn.)

Ghatkopar to Badlapur local 🚆 r running or not

is there slow train from kalva to kalyan? (sent from Kalva)

is central railway running on time?  (sent from Kurla Stn.)

1120 train @ dombivli status? (sent from Dombivli)

kasara chalu  a ahe Kya??? 

what is the status from dombivali (sent from Dombivli)

are the trains working from thane to cst?( sent from mulund)

what's the status of train from Ambarnath  (sent from Ambernath Stn.)

why will trains shut?  all trains working on time. don't spread false rumours  (sent from Tilak Nagar)

are train running from thane to CST ?? (sent from Rabale)

Is express are running on central ?? . because i am coming to dadar from pune by hydrabad express . please reply

are trains running from Dadar ? (sent from Goregaon Stn.)

bandra train ahe ka...? (sent from Kopar Stn.)

r u asking for central line or western ?? (sent from Badlapur)

what's about the local running or not (sent from Asangaon Stn.)

is there escalator at platform no 5 in thane? (sent from Mira Road)

nahur issue anytHing??

ghatkoper se downline ka status kya hai? any update

hey, any thane to dombivli trains running? (sent from Airoli)

thane to titwala chalu h kya?

8:11 from Badlapur comes on which platform (sent from Badlapur)

where is 9:58 khopoli reached?

express trains from CST chalu hai kya? (sent from Airoli)

how are trains at slow teack (sent from Goregaon)

is kasara train left from Thane ?? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

aaj bhi kalwa station pe paani bharaa hai kya?? 

are trains on time?

bohot gardi hai Kya? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

kalyan to karjat train chalu hai kya?

what about karkat train ?fast track there is no train from 1hr (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

is there megablock in central line (sent from Badlapur Stn.)

are trains from mulund to csmt working? (sent from Mulund Stn.)

train is running from shahad to byculla ?? (sent from Shahad Stn.)

what's the problem exactly (sent from Bhandup Stn.)

is any train going to dadar is start or not?

are kalyan bound trains late? 

express trine time var ahe ka????

thane to dadar ? (sent from Koparkhairne Stn.)

what is status 7:17 amaranth CST fast vikhroli (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)

wt about ulhas to CST? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

Train are working Properly??? (sent from Thane)

where  is  badlapur  CST Fast (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)

where is 6:45 asangaon train from kalyan  (sent from Kalyan)

wat abt dombivli to ghatkopar trave? (sent from Dombivli)

is there huge rush?

ppl just having fun n affecting other ppl lives.  welcome to india... dis are indians how they r (sent from Mulund)

Nerul to Thane trains? (sent from Belapur Cbd)

what is status of train from ghatkopar to thane

Can anyone tell what's the status of train from parel to thane and dombivili (sent from Elphinstone Road)

how are the trains functioning? towards csmt??

is central line affected due to rain??? 

Kasara to CST running status? (sent from Vasind)

train is on time ? (sent from Mulund Stn.)

all those who are saying train is running properly. pls! Don't listen to them  (sent from Kanjur Marg)

are train's on time from CST? 

are trains running? 

Thane to Asangaon chalu ahe Ka train? (sent from Airoli Stn.)

Thane CST 10:30 status? (sent from Thane)

please, are they ? (sent from Kanjur Marg)

dadar to badlapur train is on time? (sent from Kings Circle)

whats d status between Thane to CST up line?

trains are late? (sent from Cotton Green Stn.)

central trains chalu hai kya? (sent from Churchgate Stn.)

what is d status at Vikhroli station (sent from Mahim Jn Stn.)

down side? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

anybody update about Sion Matunga ?  (sent from Mulund)

is there trains r on time at karjat khopoli marg? (sent from Gtb Nagar)

what is the status of kasara 2:38 local from kalyan (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

towards kalyan are trains running? (sent from Matunga Stn.)

Dombivli to csmt train chalu ahe ka? 

Why janshtadbi is standing at ambivali 

what about mumbra to CSMt (sent from Mumbra)

mulund station situation ? (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)

abhi titwala Jane ke liye Koi train he..  kya?  I'm now at Kalyan..  (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

trains are running today?

will i get a train from thane to cst now? 

what is the issue of train (sent from Kopar Stn.)

karjat train where r (sent from Neral)

kalyan CST ?

kurla to Vikhroli trains running?  (sent from Kurla Stn.)

In monsoon 5 new train as in service due.. the water has enter the engine.... That why Central railway mangement.. brought old 5 local on track.. to Mange time table and Give service to passengers  (sent from Dadar Stn.)

CST to Mumbra is train available??? please reply it's urgent (sent from Churchgate)

trains at bhandup ? (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)

Mumbai me barish ka kya haal hai? (sent from Vithalwadi Stn.)

thane to cst what is the status

is the train working from Dadar to vashi ? (sent from bhayander)

koi sttikes chalu hai kya....???

gaadi  chaalu  hoga ki nahi? (sent from Kurla)

what is the issue??? (sent from Mumbra)

what is the problem on central line (sent from Bhandup)

anybody knows the issue ? (sent from Kalva Stn.)

any update central line..? (sent from Vikhroli)

what happened in matunga station? (sent from Matunga Stn.)

why cental line is not working? (sent from Dadar Stn.)

Thane to Sion? (sent from Airoli Stn.)

Kasara train running? Pls update (sent from Vikhroli)

where is Asangaon train  (sent from Asangaon Stn.)

mulund p pani bhara hua h kya? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

what about now condition 

how late is the train running status (sent from Thakurli)

kalyan engine problem solved or not

are tr running in time?  (sent from Vasind Stn.)

kalyan to karjat ??

what is the status of kalyan to thane  (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)

trains to csmt ? (sent from Kurla Stn.)

what is the current status of trains on central line ?

Mulund to thane train run ho hai Rahi hai kya ???? (sent from Mulund)

what is status btwn kurla to dadar ? (sent from Kharghar)

is there any announcement at any of the station (sent from Bhandup Stn.)

kasara train issue solved or not?? (sent from Govandi Stn.)

please let me know are trains running on time from kurla to mukund?

kurla dadar train chalu ahe ka? (sent from Seawood Darave Stn.)

what about thane to Kalyan  (sent from Thane)

Ambernath to cst chal raha hai kya?

cst to Karjat trains are on time? (sent from Andheri)

@central line. what's the status of trains going towards dadar from Vikhroli?  (sent from Chunabhatti)

koi batayega mujhe bhi karjat ki train kaha pauchi hai? (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)

yes u jst need to inform railway police where u left the station & tell them u forgot u imp thing in train n mention them train timing where u got the train.they will help u

Dadar to Thane running? (sent from Cst Stn.)

kalaa?? (sent from Mulund Stn.)

are trains from thane to ghatkopar running? (sent from Thane)

What's the Status of Up Slow Trains between Thane and Dadar ?? (Sent from Mulund) (sent from Mulund Stn.)

?? (sent from Kurla)

what is the cureent situation now??

what's situation of Up line? (sent from Mulund)

why trains are so much late this time??

ek bass fodli manun lagech mavlyana bolun dakhavt ahat... mage akkha maharashtra fodla tevha koni nai bolala...kaaa.....?

cst khopoli..left from dadar Kya? (sent from Thane Stn.)

sion to badlapur trains he kya?  (sent from Gtb Nagar Stn.)

there was problem for Dombivli train which they cancelled at mulund station  (sent from Kalva Stn.)

8.13 from kalyan whats the station ? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

Khopoli train status please? (sent from Byculla Stn.)

Thane To Koparkhairne Trains Chalu Hai Kya ? (sent from Thane)

2:38 chi kasara train dadar hun nighali aahe ka? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

why the trains are late....half an hour no train at ghatkopr (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

fast track problem ahe ka? (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

Kurla to kalyan are services on time?  (sent from Vidyavihar)

what's a status of central railway from kyn to cstm (sent from Bhiwandi Road)

kangur Marg  to Kurla Stu's???? plzzz it's urgent (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)

what's the position at Shahad station  (sent from Shahad Stn.)

बदलापूर ते ठाणे ट्रेन वेळेवर आहेत ना ?? (sent from Sanpada Stn.)

Are trains running on time towards Kalyan ? 

are train r working on time?

how much time it's late

anyupdates from kalwa...??

central line ki train chalu h kya ? (sent from Bhayander)

all trains are right time from CSMT. but don't know what will happened ahead. Ganpati Bappa Morya (sent from Sandhurst Road Stn.)

train status? (sent from Kalva)

cst to kalyan trains are working???? (sent from Bhandup)

what about ghatkoper to Thane status

trains are on tym from thane to badlapur? (sent from Airoli Stn.)

are bol Bhai train chalu hai Kya Kal ?? (sent from Karjat)

12 pm badlapur train running like snail, she ia still between ulhas nagar and vitthal wadi, what is the problem  (sent from Vithalwadi Stn.)

fukat betha he Kya? (sent from Ambernath Stn.)

train delay..?? (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)

plz update me Sion and kula station,it's flooded?? (sent from Mumbra Stn.)

what about Asangaon to Thane (sent from Asangaon Stn.)

trains r running on time or not

Karjat To Byculla jaana hai. chalu hai na train??

is the central train. running, i am at Parel want to go to thane (sent from Currey Road)

what about kalyan i heard the announcement that trains are running from kalyan due to water flooded on track? any update anyone? (sent from Ambivli Stn.)

5:16 still not arrived ! any update from ambernath anyone ? (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)

what's the train status from dadar (sent from Dadar Stn.)

any train started from CST to karjat route?? (sent from Cst Stn.)

what is the status of diva station?

what about thane stn is it save to go there (sent from Nahur Stn.)

mumbait paus jorat ahe ka? . 

8:18 thane on time? (sent from Kalyan)

how about down trains? (sent from Vithalwadi)

 kitna late h train? 

tommorrow also trains are late or what (sent from Kanjur Marg)

how is train running.. anu delay?? (sent from Bandra Stn.)

train on time or not

buses from kanjurmarg is they running?  (sent from Nilje Stn.)

central or western or harbour line which is better. (sent from Airoli Stn.)

are trains on proper time? (sent from Kalva)

where is 8:10 khopoli train from thane?

cst to karjat train chalu hai?? (sent from Reay Road Stn.)

harbour line?? (sent from Taloja)

what was the current status of central..?? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

thane to titwala any update???

are trains running from mulund to cst? (sent from Mulund Stn.)

what about thane to dombivali is train on time or delay

trains are late from cstm? (sent from Panvel)

there was rail fracture between Kalyan and  thakurli in morning. that why all train are late (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

any issue on fast track ? (sent from Mumbra Stn.)

titwala to csmt Kya  status hai? (sent from Kalyan)

thane to cst  chalu hai kya? (sent from Airoli)

CST k kiye central trains ka kya status h.?  (sent from Badlapur)

Is central line trains on time?  (sent from Grant Road Stn.)

is there any one on Sion station..,??  (sent from Gtb Nagar)

Dadar se vidyavihar Ka payenge kya? (sent from Dadar Stn.)

trains are running though they are late, I am in slow titwala from Ghatkopar which is approximately 1 hr late. but from Ghatkopar it running properly.  (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)

exactly where is 1:48 khopoli to cst train...? update soon (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

kalyan CST train's status,is it working?? (sent from Dombivli)

is train is wrkng properly frm thane to kalyan? (sent from Thane)

what is the status of the trains on thane station???? can anybody help

what is the issue in central line towards kalyan (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

 what is the train status from kalva to ghatkopar ? (sent from Kalva)

cst to Karjat on time ?? (sent from Badlapur Stn.)

bhivpuri waterfall suru ahe ka??

thane to dadar working ? (sent from Santa Cruz)

what the status at sion and kurla (sent from Dadar Stn.)

are trains to Karjat running on time???

why trains are late (sent from Mulund)

rail chalu aahe ka?  (sent from Dativali)

??  (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

what about kalyan trains

how to let at 5.59badlapur train (sent from Cst Stn.)

is there any issue. 7.50 Thane - CST local hault at Thane only (sent from Thane Stn.)

down side local ahet ka?? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

any news on water blockages? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

what is the train status ( sent from titwala) (sent from Titwala)

what about train status from BADLAPUR station? (sent from Badlapur)

trains are running??? (sent from Vithalwadi Stn.)

status of thane-vashi route? (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)

why the Titwala train stops behind ulhas river bridge from last half hour? (sent from Ambivli)

,what is the news about going to Thane side (sent from Tilak Nagar)

Trains working from Dombivli ? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

whats the status on lbs? (sent from Mulund)

Are trains from ambernath to CST running on time?? (sent from Ambernath)

guys is it safe to travelling from ulhasnagar to thane? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

fast trains are running, boarded a karjat fast which is around 10 mins late (sent from Mulund Stn.)

what about Kalyan station is there water logging (sent from Cst)

Central line chalu hai kiya???  (sent from Mumbra)

Are the trains on time from cst to dadar?  (sent from Cst Stn.)

what's the status at Dombivli station, anybody on the station please reply (sent from Thakurli)

what has happened ahead from kurla stn towards cst

khopoli 8.22am.status? (sent from Dombivli)

सेंट्रल रेल्वेला काही गोंधळ आहे का? (sent from Thane Stn.)

rain ka status kya he mumbai me?

train late hai kya?? (sent from Kalva)

central line trains are running?? (sent from Bandra)

Does Anybody know whether Ladies special train reached CSMT?

trains are running on time from Shahad?  (sent from Shahad)

???? (sent from Vithalwadi)

uls ? (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)

what about rains today

is there flooding of tracks on sion? (sent from Mulund)

Heavy rain in Dombivli, whats the train status now for both slow and fast track ???

what is position thane to ambernath train timing? 

@yathish what is the status pls  (sent from Shahad)

plz reply? (sent from Dombivli)

Are trains working from Kalyan to Dadar? (sent from Mulund)

what a status of 5:04 badlapur to csmt train (sent from Badlapur Stn.)

what is the status of central line ?? from Ghatkopar

what is status of train from thane to csmt? (sent from Mumbra)

any update?? (sent from Elphinstone Road Stn.)

please tell me.?  (sent from Kalva)

hello.. what's is the central line trains status (sent from Kalyan)

is train running tane CST ? (sent from Vashi Stn.)

wht is the status frm mumbra to bhandup?

kanjurmarg to dadar chalu hai Kya? (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)

 train is running on time or not? (sent from Mulund)

karjat line is working Kay? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

what abut kalyan to badlapur? (sent from Dombivli)

arey trains kab Hoga ? I don't want to go to office ya (sent from Rabale Stn.)

What's the status now in central line? (sent from Vithalwadi)

 ठाणे कसारा लोकल १०.५७जाईल का? (sent from Khandeshwar)

dear railway minister, please appoint a good general manager who is efficient to handle central railway. (sent from Kalva Stn.)

can anyone update status of bhandup?  (sent from Lower Parel)

kasara to CST local on time?

trains from badlapur are running or not?

thane ??kya hal hai (sent from Bhivpuriroad Stn.)

anybody from sion station? any update from sion matunga (sent from Mulund)

is it raining in Kalyan???? (sent from Badlapur)

trains fr upside are running normal??

does local trains running from Dadar towards Kalyan? on today. (sent from Kings Circle)

central line chalu hai kya ? (sent from Mumbai Central Stn.)

Thane to dombvili train chalu hai kya?

kurla to thane ki trains chalu hai Kya ? (sent from Mulund)

on hai? (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)

what about train (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

where is AMBARNATH-CSMT now?  (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

what stetus about local (sent from Dombivli)

are trains on time? (sent from Dombivli)

are trains available from Thane station for Dombivli?

ghatkopar se kurla??

down trains ka kya scene hai? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

what's about towards Mumbai ??? (sent from Kopar Stn.)

trn from thane to shahad working on time? (sent from Shahad)

is cst to Thane slow trains running? 

kalyan to cst working? 

whats the problem between kanjurmarg to mulund or thane ?

what is train status from mumbra to kurla

kalyan - Vidyavihar ? (sent from Kalyan)

dadar to thane?

Thane to CSMT trains running? (sent from Atgan)

where titwala reach

any info abt trains from Diva to Bhiwandi.. are they running or cancelled? (sent from Thane)

r central line trains working???  (sent from Santa Cruz)

has the train left for kasara (sent from Dativali)

Bhai, whats the situation at Bhandup Stn for trains going towards CST?  (sent from Nahur)

titwala Kalyan kya problem hai ? (sent from Shahad Stn.)

any update about ghatkopar to amb train? (sent from Ambernath)

thane to cst ? 

hi what about centeral lune trains  (sent from Andheri)

any update? from shahad station? are trains available for cst???????? please someone reply. URGENT (sent from Shahad)

any issue with central line ?? (sent from Chembur)

where is Amberanth to cst 8.24 train (sent from Thane Stn.)

Status outside Thane station?? 

12105 Dadar  time ? ? 

what about shaad to thane (sent from Shahad Stn.)

from Mumbra train is on time?

where is fast (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

where is 6.35am fast train at Mulund announcement is it is late  (sent from Mulund Stn.)

Thane CST 10:30 cancelled hai kya? (sent from Thane)

thane to shahad trn status? (sent from Airoli)

are trains running from thane to dombivli? any thing to b worried about on thane stn...plz reply (sent from Thane)

is there any train from badlpur to cst?? 

is there any problem at Shahad station.. (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

mumbra to cst trane are working ?

is trains from Thane to csmt on time or delayed???

which fast train is coming  on thane to go cst (sent from Mulund)

what is the issue in mumbai today

wo bahar Bharat band hai to, office Jana jaruri hai Kya? (sent from Churchgate)

karjat ka scene kya hai? 

karjat trains are on time or not?

what's the train status from dadar to gharkopar (sent from Matunga Road Stn.)

nerul to ghansoli ?? last train kab h (sent from Nerul Stn.)

where is dadar-kalyan 8.37at Kurla, cancel hua Kya? (sent from Kurla Stn.)

what is the update on central railway? (sent from Thakurli)

what is status of trains from Dombivli?

is there any trains available to asangaon

where is the thane local (sent from Vidyavihar)

status for trains running from mulund to ghatkopar?

ambernath so cst train time par he? 

matunga sion me pani bhara hai kya? (sent from Elphinstone Road Stn.)

cst train chalu hain kea? (sent from Mumbra Stn.)

what a fuckingg day  (sent from Masjid Stn.)

what is d status of local trn in central

is the trains are working fine from dadar to dombivli (sent from Elphinstone Road Stn.)

cst to mulund trains are moving?? (sent from Churchgate)

kalyan me train chalu hai??

is there trains are available from thane to mulun?

how do u know (sent from Nahur Stn.)

where is 3.12 csmt fast (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

seawood to kurla Jane ke liye train chalu hey kiya?  (sent from Seawood Darave)

Ghatkopar se cst ke liya koi train ha ky? (sent from Vidyavihar)

or any train from ghatkopar to karjat? (sent from Andheri)

trains working from ambernath to cst slow?

trains are on time??? (sent from Badlapur Stn.)

Is Thane - Dadar route waterlogged? (sent from Thane)

are trains moving ahead of thank? (sent from Shahad)

hello trains are running? (sent from Mulund)

ghatkopar to thane chalu hai train?  (sent from Ghatkopar)

Thane to karjat? (sent from Thane Stn.)

can anybody update the status of kalyan station? (sent from Shahad Stn.)

rail status? (sent from Cst Stn.)

kalyan te mulund train chalu ahe ka vyavstit?. 

trains ka kya status hai? (sent from Karjat)

what is the status of Parel to Kalyan  (sent from Elphinstone Road Stn.)

are trains going beyond kurla to cst...?????????? (sent from Kalyan)

train for titwala are on time or not 

what about Badlapur to Thane (sent from Badlapur)

trains from Dadar to Kalyan fast  is running?? (sent from Gtb Nagar)

are KASARA local on time? 

are trains on time?

what is the status of 7:29 Dombivli-Cstm? Is it arrived at dombivli?

what about kalyan train (sent from Dadar Stn.)

karjat side train status..??? (sent from Kalyan)

train chlu h ky ghtkpr se??? (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

is trains running till CST on central line ?

cst to kalyan train chalu hai kaya? (sent from Churchgate Stn.)

2:11 badlapur cst train left badlapur??? (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)

kidhar? 

where is badlapur (sent from Ambernath Stn.)

r central line local running? (sent from Dombivli)

where is khopoli fast ....pls update (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

what is the status kurla matunga sion (sent from Thakurli)

what abt asangaoan train

Trains are late. . . .but what happened . . ??? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

just heard from my frnd that trains on central line are running (sent from Nilje)

what is the train status?

stayus of vidyavihar?  (sent from Mulund)

trains are running from Ulhasnagar to thane? (sent from Shahad)

raheyga to khane jayega? (sent from Shahad)

central line status? please update (sent from Vithalwadi)

what about thane to ghatkopar plz reply

????

are trains from Kasara to Kalyan on time?

is 6:50 karjat from cst is running on time ?

why (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

what problem ambernath (sent from Badlapur)

fast train to words Kurla ???? (sent from Thane Stn.)

what is the status of shahad station. are trains on time? (sent from Shahad)

are trains working from thane to kalyan?

koi 7 bje vale from ghatkopar ke kalyan train me chdha he kya ladies middle campartment me?? (sent from Bhandup Stn.)

 what's the current status?? (sent from Kurla Stn.)

are trains running from ulhasnagar to cst? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

what news (sent from Thane Stn.)

where is 06:54 fast local to csmt from mulund (sent from Mulund Stn.)

kita late hai?

trains are working? (sent from Ghatkopar)

any track problem between Ghatkopar and Kurla??? (sent from Kopar Stn.)

sion station ka kua haal he? (sent from Dombivli)

Are trains running from Kurla to Ghatkoper? (sent from Khandeshwar)

csmt to kalyat train chalu hai na? (sent from Diva Jn)

bullet train kaha chalayega Ghar pe ? (sent from Diva Jn)

is it flooded outside dadar Station? 

7:43 thane badlapr train kaha hai abi? (sent from Ambernath)

diva station pe ky hal ?? (sent from Dativali)

what status from vikhroli to cstm (sent from Vikhroli)

Is it raining heavily there in Mumbai?

how's today

9:53 fast cst train ?  (sent from Mumbra)

what is train stetus titwal to cst

CST to Badlapur chalu aahe Ka? (sent from Churchgate Stn.)

badlapur to thane? any update? (sent from Badlapur)

ठाण्यावरून 1.06  बदलापूर काय स्टेटस ?  (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

what is the trn status from ghatkopar to bhandup?? (sent from Goregaon Stn.)

any update for thane to Cst train ?  (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

situtiin at sion and matumga? (sent from Mulund Stn.)

ठाण्यावरून 1.06  बदलापूर काय स्टेटस ?  (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

what is train status from badlapur? (sent from Badlapur Stn.)

any update from ulhasnagar stn? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

what is now train status from CST to thane (sent from Bhandup)

what problem  (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

why is train stopping in between (sent from Bhandup Stn.)

trains are on time??

what's is the status CST to kasara (sent from Cst Stn.)

where is kalyan 15 bogie fast (sent from Byculla Stn.)

what's about kurla to kalyan (sent from Govandi Stn.)

where's 10.06 kyn starting  (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

Central trains are late?  (sent from Vidyavihar Stn.)

anyone at Kurla station??? (sent from Kurla Stn.)

what is the status of thane to kalyan

why is train halted at Kalyan station?

titwala ? (sent from Titwala)

what is the position?

what is the situation between bad kapur to kalyan

Any update on Ambernath - Thane line ? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

when 13202 dn come @kalyan station (sent from Kopar Stn.)

central megablock ahe ka? (sent from Ghatkopar)

what status about dadar? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

trains r on time?? (sent from Badlapur)

Kalyan to Thane local chal rahi hai kya? (sent from Shahad)

what is the status from csmt (sent from Churchgate)

when did it start brother? (sent from Chunabhatti)

are trains running from vikroli to kurla?? (sent from Panvel)

Frome Thane trains r running fine?  (sent from Airoli)

any prblm of trains due to maharashtra band ? (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)

has the problem of train stoppage solved (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)

r he trains on time ??? (sent from Vithalwadi)

I'm at sion how is situation of trains running downtown?

train status? (sent from Mulund)

what is the status of kalyan trains (sent from Elphinstone Road Stn.)

what is the issue? Why locals are running late?

is any issue with thane train (sent from Nahur)

trains after Thane r working or not....??? (sent from Gtb Nagar Stn.)

mulund to dombivali train status? (sent from Mulund Stn.)

what to text (sent from Shahad)

trains from Mulund to CST are on time? (sent from Mulund Stn.)

trains ka kaisa haal hai CST se? (sent from Thakurli Stn.)

what about thane to mumbra (sent from Mumbra)

fast or slow train?

Mega block is there on 08 July 2018 for central line?

what the problem on central line after Thane?  (sent from Mumbra Stn.)

kal jana theek hai kya? and trains running?

cst to kasara fast kidar hai abhi? (sent from Titwala Stn.)

Thane to Kalyan ?  (sent from Mulund Stn.)

where raech train of dadar  (sent from Vithalwadi Stn.)

thane to vashi r trains running on time ? (sent from Dadar Stn.)

badlapur to kalyan train is working or not? (sent from Badlapur)

are central line train working from Mulund to cst? (sent from Nahur)

chalu ahe ka ? Thane karjat train ? (sent from Thane)

what is the status of dadar station  (sent from Thane Stn.)

how trains are working on central line  (sent from Ghatkopar)

?? (sent from Kalva)

is metro working ????? (sent from Masjid Stn.)

are trains running??

how's train status (sent from Thakurli)

what is status central train (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)

wats status of thane to karjat , its started ? (sent from Airoli)

trains running ? (sent from Vidyavihar Stn.)

down side from kalyan to badlapur late or on time??

where is 15 coach (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

what is status of kalyan to thane local

CST side k liye train he kya guys.?  (sent from Kopar Stn.)

for cst trains are running?? pl update

transharber is running? (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)

are train running? (sent from Kurla)

wat happened?

why there is delay in train at central line

are trains running from badlapur to ghatkopar? (sent from Badlapur Stn.)

slow train ?slow by kitna minute (sent from Mulund)

what about Thane...??

is kalyan to ghatkopar railway on time? (sent from Kalyan)

kopar se ghatkopar train hai kya???  (sent from Dombivli)

mumbra se thane tak train chalu hai kya?

 karjat train is on time? (sent from Neral Stn.)

how much late are trains from CST towards Thane? (sent from Grant Road)

aur kuch puchna hai?  (sent from Goregaon)

train from kasar is working or not?

train status from Thane towards Kalyan? (sent from Airoli)

what is the status Thane to Kalyan .....?

1:31 chi kasara nighali ka kasarya varun? (sent from Asangaon Stn.)

Kal Amber nath trin chalu hai kya? (sent from Ambernath)

what is the position on Dombivili to Ghatkopar C Rlwy route (sent from Thakurli)

cental line ka train chlu hai ky? (sent from Ghatkopar)

update from Kurla to Ghatkopar? (sent from Bhayander)

train has stopped near Diva station.Any problem after Diva sation towards Thane??? (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)

sion me pani bhar chuka he. trains bohat hi slow chal rahi he (sent from Sion Stn.)

are trains from Thane on time?

towards Ambernath trains r running?? 

what problem in slow down track (sent from Kalva Stn.)

wat is status of karjat train from kurla? (sent from Govandi)

trains available for dombivali? (sent from Nilje Stn.)

kalyan to cst train working properly???

status in Thane station towards CST?

कोणी सांगेल का काय झाले आहे का कर्जत ट्रेन लेट आहे? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

are trains running on time?

last train update for cst?? (sent from Diva Jn)

are trains running from Dombivali to mulund?? 

Where is 9:35 (From Kalyan) Kasara train ?? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

what is the problem.  

what is the status BADLAPUR CSMT train  (sent from Badlapur)

Thane to Kalyan trains running?

what about Dombibli train (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

what is the status from thane to badlapur. (sent from Airoli)

u hv update or u want update?? (sent from Thane)

Train chalu aahet ka?

is trains running on time?

what is help line number (sent from Karjat)

central line is working properly or not??? (sent from Vile Parle)

Manoj how about rain in South Mumbai (sent from Thakurli Stn.)

what train problem

are trains on time from kalyan to cst? (sent from Sandhurst Road Stn.)

What is the status of trains from kalyan to Thane? (sent from Shahad)

dombivli to Thane train status? 

5 am morning ..u r asking ?

what is the position of kasara train.. (sent from Vithalwadi Stn.)

train's from shahad are moving ahead?  (sent from Kasara Stn.)

9 01 khopoli fast left from dadar? (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

CST to Kalyan fast trains working good? (sent from Vidyavihar Stn.)

where is kasara fast local now

ghatkopar to thane is working? (sent from Jogeshwari)

kasara fast ? (sent from Mulund Stn.)

where is asangoan train? it reached kalyan or still in dombivali (sent from Shahad Stn.)

why are fast cst stopping at Sion ? (sent from Sion Stn.)

what is issue (sent from Kurla)

can local running to mumbai??

Local kiti let aahet ???? (sent from Airoli)

train status from Kurla to CST???? (sent from Nerul Stn.)

train late ahai ka???? (sent from Kalva Stn.)

Thane to CST trains are on time?? (sent from Mulund)

kalyan to Badlapur ?

shahad to thane train status any1??? (sent from Shahad)

thanks ...slow track is working ?

is water logging in dombivli station?

r trains running fine? (sent from Dadar Stn.)

what's today's status of trains on Central line

what about Thane to khopoli train status (sent from Rabale Stn.)

trains are running slow, that what can be confirmed as of now. if rain continues there might be stoppage to train services.

Dombivali thane trains r on time?? (sent from Dombivli)

dadr to thane any problem?? (sent from Santa Cruz Stn.)

train staus from ghatkoper to dombivali??

dombivli to Kalyan??? (sent from Dombivli)

what's the status of the train ?? (sent from Mahalakshmi)

how much late?  (sent from Mulund)

train number  17017  what schedule sir ? 

what about thane to kalyan

Thane to Khopoli trains chalu ahet ka? (sent from Airoli Stn.)

what about thane to titwala train status (sent from Vashi Stn.)

what's the train running status from thane to  cst?

no problem at all, there is no rain in mumbai, thats why all trains are on time (sent from Masjid Stn.)

train status Ghatkopar to kanjurmarg?? (sent from Ghatkopar)

where ambernath CST train (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

are trains running from thane to Kalyan? (sent from Vashi Stn.)

what about kalyan fast train (sent from Dadar Stn.)

Everything fine at dadar? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

why there is no train to cst?  (sent from Thakurli Stn.)

what is the stats of thane - dadar trains ?  (sent from Airoli)

What the hell ... Train late more than 1 hr (sent from Titwala Stn.)

Plz status for badlapur  train ? (sent from Thakurli Stn.)

badlapur to CST train status? (sent from Badlapur)

why can't Goods mail/ Express train schedule after local trains..we are getting late due for 30 to 35 minutes late always..CR pls. take care of locals.. (sent from Mulund Stn.)

i m at dadar.. is trains are going on time from Dadar to Thane?  (sent from Dadar)

what are train status (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

what is the status from Mulund to Mumbra (sent from Mira Road)

Hi, can someone tell me if trains are running from Lower Parel to Sion?

Are trains working from ambivali to cst? (sent from Ambivli)

9:33 thane badlapur anybody status? (sent from Bhandup Stn.)

water-logging at any station? 

bhai Mulund me heavy water logging h kya ? (sent from Andheri Stn.)

wht abt sion to thane?  (sent from Sion Stn.)

what about from badlapur (sent from Badlapur)

kalyan to dombivli r working?  (sent from Shahad)

train status of titwala to cst..?? on time or late?  (sent from Shahad Stn.)

can anyone who is actually travelling on train reply please  (sent from Nerul Stn.)

IS Thane train is running late??? (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)

are trains on time from Kalyan to CST??

guys reply.. Kalyan to thane trains running ? on time or late ? Crowded ? (sent from Kalyan)

is train is running from thane to ambernath?

What about ulhasnagar (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

is train between vashi to thane running?

why there is no trains from Kurla (sent from Kalva Stn.)

what is the train status for Kurla to thane trains  (sent from Kurla)

10.13 train ?? (sent from Dombivli)

kurla to Parel ? Trains are on time ? (sent from Seawood Darave)

is it true tht trains are running till ghatkopar? and thn ghatkopar to CST? plz confirm (sent from Thane Stn.)

train status beyond Thane ? (sent from Cst Stn.)

kurla to vikhroli status anyone? (sent from Mankhurd)

have trains started towards Karjat from Kalyan ? (sent from Tilak Nagar)

train status in central line..late or normal? (sent from Thakurli)

any problem there in slow track?  (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

do trains from tilak nagar to cst are running? (sent from Chembur)

where is 4.04 fast local from thane towards cst? (sent from Mumbra)

ask on trans harbour line chat  (sent from Matunga)

trains are on time?  (sent from Dombivli)

where is a 6.53 dadar to Badlapur  (sent from Dadar Stn.)

pani kaha kaha h?.... trains jam hone ka chance h?

what about kalyan to ghatkopar?

heavy rain is everywhere someone tell about train status?

kalyan se thane gaadi chalu h kya? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

no update from control room cst ...why this hell is going on  (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

any water logging news?? (sent from Dombivli)

train status ghatkopar to kalyan..???

is the t train is in tme 

what about dombivli-thane-airoli

any status from panvel to Thane??

आसनगांव ते ठाणा लोकल शहाड ते कल्याण खुप वेळ ऊभी आहे. कल्याण स्टेशन वर काही प्राॅब्लेम आहे का????  (sent from Shahad)

train r available or not from mulund to kalyan ?? (sent from Mulund)

 what about khopoli train (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

hi what abt water logging in sion kurla radar  (sent from Mankhurd Stn.)

what status ambernath to cst train (sent from Ambernath Stn.)

dombivali to Thane station local train station????  (sent from Kopar)

chai pi lo?  (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)

is there delay on Central line? slow local is apparently 17 mins late at the moment (sent from Mulund Stn.)

what is the status of train between Ghatkopar and Thane

are slow trains from dadar are running on time? (sent from Goregaon)

karjat trains working?  (sent from Bandra)

what about cst to kalyan?? 

रेल्वे 🚆 चालू आहे का ? (sent from Diva Jn)

Kalyan to csmt local status ? (sent from Ambernath)

kalwa me pani bhara h kya??  (sent from Kalva)

what is the status of train from Ghatkopar to mumbra.  (sent from Malad)

trains towards cstm?

what abt kurla

hi what is the status of trains

are train will be on time tomorrow?

cst thane slow local ???? (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)

are trains running?

kln Thane chalu ahe kaa? (sent from Thakurli Stn.)

why there is no any slow local from diva to Thane from last hour? (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)

any cst train approaching vidyavihar??? seems there is no train (sent from Vidyavihar Stn.)

is kasara 🚆 on time,,??? (sent from Thane Stn.)

shahad to thane ? Any update (sent from Shahad Stn.)

thane to dadar status?? (sent from Dadar)

what's the status of trains towards csmt? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

any announcements regarding the trains ? (sent from Airoli Stn.)

are trains running from Thane to cst??

what is the status from kanjur to thane

trains from badlapur to cst? (sent from Badlapur)

what is the status of central from dadar to dombivli? are train running or not? (sent from Vadala Road Stn.)

???

are Kay doki phodayachi ka aamhi? sakali 30 min late hoti train towards CST. aata towards badalapur 40 min late aahet trains!! (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)

what about kalyan to kasara  (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

thana to panvel chalu hai kya? (sent from Vidyavihar Stn.)

what is the status of pasanger train living from Diva at 2:25  (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

what is the status of towards thane local train  (sent from Kurla Stn.)

karjat 8:30 train at Thane? any idea (sent from Thane Stn.)

kalyan to kasara chalu ahet ky?? (sent from Kalamboli)

train running very very slow between kurla n sion what's the problem (sent from Chunabhatti)

Are down side trains on time? (Thane to ambernath)  (sent from Vashi)

what to do Dombivlikars?  (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

Instead of sharing correct info poeple out here are creating panic situation. Yes there are rains and trains r late but trains r running smoothly. All trains are only 10 to 15 mins late. In town there is no heavy rains due to which trains r running smoothly (sent from Kalyan)

train chalu hai kya?

what's the status? (sent from Mahim Jn)

trains running from Kanjur Marg towards thane??? (sent from Rabale)

Thane karjat train 5.48 chi kuth paryanta ali ahe?? (sent from Ambernath Stn.)

karjet train chalu hai kya?? (sent from Mumbai Central)

Are the trains late from Karjat. . . ?  (sent from Badlapur)

what's prb in kalyan St's  (sent from Kalyan)

its raining heavily in Kalyan what about Dadar 

harbour me kya status hai?I mean what about the timings for megablock (sent from Mulund)

how many time slove this problem  (sent from Shahad)

thane to Vikhroli trains chalu hai kya ?  (sent from Kanjur Marg)

what about KALWA to ASANGOAN???? (sent from Kalva)

kasara to cst train status? 

karjat to Kalyan chalu hai kya? (sent from Karjat Stn.)

dadar to thane trains??

Which is not at all feasible wherein the frequency of trains is so less,we really need to rake up the issue to appropriate authorities (sent from Badlapur Stn.)

They can use RPF.. Railway mangement can manage...and Who heat TC can become Crime as Section 326 IPC act and also Whiteout ticket charge... the media must make awareness of charges (sent from Vadala Road Stn.)

what is status of badlapur thane train (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

thane to vikroli train chalu he? (sent from Airoli)

what is the status of express trains

are trains running between dadar to cst on time?? (sent from Malad)

thane to cst 🚆 are running or not 

what's the status at kurla?

is there any train running on time (sent from Dombivli)

what about dadar to kalyan (sent from Khar Road)

local chal rhi hai naa Dadar se Kalyan Ka..? (sent from Kandivali)

from where?? (sent from Vashi Stn.)

Dadar to thane? (sent from Kandivali Stn.)

Bhai koi Bata sakta Hai train Kya late hai ?? (sent from Kopar)

trains chalu h kya? (sent from Kurla Stn.)

trains are running towards Thane? (sent from Chunabhatti)

sion n kurla mai water logging hua hai kya?plz anybody lets us know

kalyan to cst local s running on time or late..?

Thane to CST status? (sent from Kalva)

what has happened near kalwa (sent from Thane)

central line trains are running??

what is the issue with central slow train (sent from Bhandup Stn.)

in mulund? (sent from Nahur)

Thane se karjat train chalu he kya ? 

anyone at mulund? (sent from Mulund)

kasara set local chalu Hain Kya towards CST ??

what about Thane to Dadar train update ? (sent from Badlapur)

thane to kalyan line working ?

situation at Kuala Soon?? (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)

what abt Thane to cst.... whether they r working (sent from Nahur Stn.)

where is 11:00 am fast train(titwala-cst)  towards cstm?  (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

TC Hai Kya ghatkopar pe ? (sent from Bhandup Stn.)

no problem which i can see from Kalyan  (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

train from Kalyan to cst is working? (sent from Kalyan)

why trains are running late on harbour side?? (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)

how to go to lonavala ??? (sent from Chembur)

Is all the train are on time

trains are on time or not,,,,??? (sent from Tilak Nagar)

from shahad?? (sent from Shahad Stn.)

where is the train? (sent from Thane Stn.)

badlapur fast which also halt at diva is left ghatkopar now (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)

what is position from Ghatkopar to ambernath (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

what is train status from Vithalwadi to thane ?? (sent from Vithalwadi Stn.)

dadar to kalyan train working or not? (sent from Vadala Road)

klyan to asangaon train running normaly ? (sent from Karjat)

Kalyan to ambernath train is running? (sent from Turbhe Stn.)

are the train services smooth to travel to kasara? (sent from Kalyan)

thane to kurla?

should one leave from dombivli to go to mulund??Are the trains running properly now? (sent from Thakurli Stn.)

it's raining what in mumbai????  (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

What's the Status From karjat to csmt train

where us Thane train ?

hii guys dadar to kurla train hain na ?😥 (sent from Borivali Stn.)

are the trains running towards thane ? (sent from Chinchpokli Stn.)

Are central line trains on time? (sent from Chunabhatti)

what is status of trains from kalyan to csmt ? Whether they are with minimal delay? (sent from Kalyan)

Thanx Arzu Would U Like To Contribute?

which train going to Hassan from cstm (sent from Koparkhairne)

how r trains running from vashi running any water logging at kural or sion (sent from Gtb Nagar)

haven't reached byculla yet?? (sent from Dadar Stn.)

Bhaai khud ki care karna fukrapanti kabse ho gaya?? (sent from Thane)

what is the train status? (sent from Badlapur)

who lost laptop call above cell number 9167082081 (sent from Thakurli Stn.)

is Ghatkopar-CST route on time ? (sent from Ghatkopar)

10.26 Kalyan se csmt fast (ambernath to csmt) time se chal rahi hai kya??? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

what is the status of 10:51 from ambernath to csmt fast??

are trains working fine? 

cst to Thane? (sent from Currey Road)

Thane - Kalyan chalu hai kya? (sent from Thane)

anyone..? (sent from Mumbra Stn.)

cct to badlapur , karjat tren chalu hai kya .  (sent from Goregaon Stn.)

Kalyan  to karjat chalu hai?

this is central line chat box (sent from Kalva)

what's the status at Ulhasnagar station

tumhi khopoli to CST sarva platforms baghitlat ka?? 

train between mumbai cst and ambernath running???

central trains are on time? (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)

which train was it?  (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

karjat  to thane train chlu ahit kaa???....

what about dombivali (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

how about treen (sent from Ghatkopar)

is Ambarnath to thane perfectly running??? (sent from Ambernath Stn.)

what's the problem??? (sent from Bhandup Stn.)

what is the status of dombivli to csmt

today what's problem slow train is late? (sent from Thane Stn.)

what is the train status.

what abt kurla sion matunga is there water logging  (sent from Thakurli Stn.)

dombivali to cst trains are working? pls confirm (sent from Dombivli)

bhandup to thane?  (sent from Bhandup)

hye today is panvel trens is open ? (sent from Bhandup)

why is it late? what is the problem

how central line is running from Ambernath to Thane !?

hello what is train status from vidya vihar to cst (sent from Vidyavihar)

you know what is the sad part? having all your processors living in all 3 diff lines. so if they reach you can't give a reason. (sent from Ghatkopar)

kalyan to ghatkopar status?

what about kurla to Panvel?? (sent from Vidyavihar Stn.)

what is the status of 10:16 kasara fast

what about Badlapur to Thane? (sent from Badlapur)

vidyavihar to dombivli ... ?

Anything wrong near matunga?

what status of thane karjat train (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

what is the status of train from cst to kalyan (sent from Chunabhatti)

r trains running towards asangaon? 

 fast trains towards Badlapur running status? (sent from Elphinstone Road)

what about  khopoli local  

what is update of Kalyan to ambernath (sent from Thane Stn.)

ठाणे ते बदलापूर ट्रेन काय परिस्थिती आहे..?? (sent from Koparkhairne)

wtf at kalwa station??? (sent from Kalva)

kalyan cst? 

where ia the kasara local 9.16 from. thane (sent from Thane Stn.)

is the issue resolved ??

I need to go dombivli to thane.. trains working? 

I am planning to go pune tomorrow by deccan Queen, boarding from Kalyan but right now Irctc shows that train cancelled for tomorrow... someone plz update me is it true??  (sent from Vithalwadi Stn.)

Are trains working properly ?

what is the problem, train is not moving since 15 minutes from kopar. (sent from Kopar Stn.)

what kp?? means

Karjat trains ?

ghatkopar to cst ??  (sent from Ghatkopar)

HATS OFF to railways for their outstanding performance despite continuous rain from last 4 -5 days. we abuse when service is bad, for a change let's appreciate them (sent from Badlapur Stn.)

what is status of diva station?  (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)

train from thane to Kalyan is on time? (sent from Belapur Cbd Stn.)

what about thane situation? (sent from Shahad Stn.)

kasara to Thane is working?  stucked over 40mns near khardi  (sent from Vasind Stn.)

what is the status of Khopoli fast train??  (sent from Thane Stn.)

what is status about down side trains mulund to dombvili ? (sent from Nahur)

cst to thane train chalu hai?? (sent from Chinchpokli Stn.)

why is that (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)

central line chalu ahe ?????

are trains on time? (sent from Ghatkopar)

khopoli on time????? (sent from Nahur Stn.)

Trains are running or not from Badlapur to CST...??? (sent from Badlapur)

Where is Dadar local now ?

up train's r still on time ?? (sent from Turbhe)

 Kalyan to Thane trains chalu hai kya? (sent from Shahad)

any idea about Than Vashi route? (sent from Borivali)

where is thane fast train????  (sent from Dadar Stn.)

Vikhroli to Kurla chalu hai k nhi? (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)

Is there any issues towards CSMT on Slow Track? (sent from Kalva)

pl reply train working or not

ambarnath to cst trains are on time or dealay?

are trains running between badlapur and CST??? (sent from Badlapur)

trian stusts ?  (sent from Dahisar)

what is status of train  (sent from Chunabhatti)

really?  (sent from Ambernath Stn.)

barish hai kya sab jagah pe ? Dombivali me bahot barish ho rahi hai (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

trains are running ?? (sent from Kanjur Marg)

why train badlapur very slow between diva dombivli

are trains running from dadar to chembur? (sent from Grant Road Stn.)

autos as well? (sent from Thakurli Stn.)

Kalyan to thane is working ok??

kasara csmt train 6.18 ka aya h kya?? 

dombivali to thane what is the train availability  (sent from Dombivli)

kurla mai barish hai kya??

thane down trains are not working right?  (sent from Bhandup Stn.)

What's The status Of 10.06 CSMT train from kalyan? 

Thane to Dadar chalu hai kya??

where is 4.11's karjat. it hasnot arrived @ badlapur (sent from Badlapur Stn.)

which train?  (sent from Badlapur)

is there any issue in travelling frm mumbra to kurla?  (sent from Kurla Stn.)

what's a problem (sent from Mumbra Stn.)

is there any problem between Dombivali to kanjurmarg  (sent from Dombivli)

please update about any kaylan,karjat train (sent from Dadar Stn.)

people stop asking about are trains on time. please scroll the chats and you will your relevant update. let ppl update the status. these repetitive questions only clog the chat space. pls go thru the chats before asking trains chalu hai kya? 

what is train status from kasara to cst

what about sion kurla and bhsndup

why we are not getting reply  (sent from Vithalwadi)

are central trains on time??

form Badlapur to CST 12:00pm on time???  (sent from Badlapur Stn.)

are trains delayed from CSMT to thane?  (sent from Santa Cruz)

badlapur to cst train on time ?? (sent from Badlapur)

ulhasnagar to Kalyan mega block hai kya?  (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)

dombvali to ambarnath train chalu aahe ka?

what about kasara to kalyan... (sent from Titwala)

trains working fine?  (sent from Dombivli)

what about thane train r dey late (sent from Bhandup)

Are Trains running up to thane?  (sent from Matunga Road Stn.)

train left from karjat?train to cst

what about kurla

only fast local are late for 20 mins and other are 10 to 15 min late... no issue any where  (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

 what is train status (sent from Nahur)

what is mast? khala (sent from Kalyan)

what is central line position ?

 r trains running from kurla to thane.? (sent from Vashi Stn.)

cst train status? (sent from Vangani Stn.)

is central line trains are running?

where is titwala train 10:29 (shahad) (sent from Shahad Stn.)

towards CST trains are on???? (sent from Rabale)

why? (sent from Mumbra Stn.)

what is happening (sent from Dadar Stn.)

what's status badlapur  train  (sent from Badlapur)

sir what was the update from thane to karjat

did you go to station and checked?  (sent from Kalva Stn.)

8:28 Dadar-ambernath from. Kalyan where it reached  (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

fast N kaha hai? (sent from Nahur Stn.)

kasara train chalu hai kya??

What abt ghatkopar to kalyan 

why trains are so much late today (sent from Thane Stn.)

where is block? (sent from Bhandup Stn.)

kopar vasai chalu ahe?  (sent from Mulund Stn.)

What about the trains towards kasara from cstm tomorrow on megablock  (sent from Mira Road)

are Thane to Dombivli trains running proper ly? is it safe to travel (sent from Dombivli)

are trains running properly from shahad to CST? (sent from Vithalwadi)

what ???  (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)

what about 10:45 dadar (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

thane to kalyan any update?  (sent from Ghansoli)

what's the train status from vikhroli??  (sent from Kanjur Marg)

wat abt  ghatkoper to thane? (sent from Mulund Stn.)

thane to dombivli trains shuru hai kya??

are the trains crowded from Dadar station towards Thane ??  (sent from Matunga Road Stn.)

what is the trains position (sent from Tilak Nagar)

kurla to badlapur??  (sent from Chunabhatti Stn.)

mumbra to cst trains are running??

where has ladies spcl reached?

8.01 badlapur fast from thane status pls?

someone pls update where is cst fast train did it reached thane stn (sent from Mulund Stn.)

what is the train status from ghatkopar to ulhasnagar

is 7.43 thane badlapur confirmed??? (sent from Kalva Stn.)

is 9:53am karjat local from dom on time...?  (sent from Kalva Stn.)

what about Thane to dadar? 

what happened to Punjab mail (sent from Shahad Stn.)

from Vidyavihar? (sent from Vidyavihar)

CST to Kalyan trains?? (sent from Airoli Stn.)

kurla to badlapur chalu hai kya ? (sent from Tilak Nagar Stn.)

kalyan se badlapur train chalu hai kya? (sent from Badlapur Stn.)

Are there trains from ghatkopar to kalyan?? (sent from Kopar Stn.)

khopoli train status ?

fast train time pe hai Kya?  (sent from Nahur)

mumbra to thane train chalu hai kya ?  (sent from Mumbra)

??  (sent from Chembur Stn.)

thane to ghatkopar .. train working?

is thane train heading towards vikhroli? (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)

where is 5.53 karjat-cstm (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

 how are trains running from Kalyan to Dadar

thane ambernath ?? (sent from Airoli)

Nahur to kurla n kurla to GTB train is RUNNING....?? (sent from Nahur Stn.)

situation for central line?

what about ghatkopar to Kalyan?? trains are running late?

thane to karjat chalu hai kya? (sent from Airoli Stn.)

any updates about Central line local position? (sent from Kalyan)

ghatkoper se Dombivali route train chalu hai ?? 

kalyan to ambernath?? (sent from Shahad)

where is 1.48 kopoli to cst (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

thane to kalyan? (sent from Thane Stn.)

whats iz the status?

What's the current position?

r trains on time??? 

central line train chal rahi hai kya?

what is the issue (sent from Bhandup Stn.)

Trains running properly?  (sent from Mulund)

where is ladies spl train?

ambarnath to khopoli train status??? plz update

where. is titwala train  (sent from Mulund Stn.)

where is da train now (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

Kurla to Csmt status kya hai??? (sent from Chembur Stn.)

status for Kalyan to CST trains ?

what about slow train (sent from Thane)

where is badlapur - thane train? (sent from Thane Stn.)

status of trains from Ghatkopar??

any train towards Ambernath from Thane ? (sent from Thane Stn.)

where is kasara   .expected 7 :19 on dombivali .what about its axect location (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

guys cst to thane any update ??  (sent from Mahim Jn)

why trains are  late towards kalyan ?? :( (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)

wht abt trains from kanjur towards cstm ?? (sent from Mahim Jn)

where is 10:32 asangoan train?  (sent from Shahad Stn.)

? (sent from Vithalwadi)

trains r running? (sent from Diva Jn)

any update Ghatkopar to Byculla? (sent from Vidyavihar)

mulund me auto chal rahi h kya ?

6:43 Ambernath..? (sent from Elphinstone Road Stn.)

train status ? from kurla to Kalyan

what's the problem (sent from Kurla Stn.)

कल्याण-बदलापूर लोकल सुरु आहे का...? (sent from Shahad)

train between Kalyan Thane working ?

is any train cancel for pune?? (sent from Kanjur Marg)

what is status of diva Madgaon train (sent from Thane Stn.)

what about Mulund to cst? (sent from Mulund Stn.)

ghatkopar to dombivili and return train updates?

Dombivli to CST slow up trains functional? (sent from Thakurli Stn.)

mumbai la paus aheka ???

is that possible to go malad from Thane...???  (sent from Airoli Stn.)

down towards thane.. are trains working.? (sent from Parel)

what is the status of trains

Where is 9.26am Ambernath Cst Reached (sent from Bhandup Stn.)

kalyan to thane working?

trains from Thane to cstm are running or not??

Sion Matunga ka kya status? (from curry road) (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)

trains are available frm CST to thane??  (sent from Cst Stn.)

what is the status of trains from Kurla to Ghatkopar (sent from Bhayander)

Thane - Kalyan update??

trains are working towards CST? (sent from Shahad)

Hey! Anyone at Dombivli that can update the status? (sent from Dombivli)

Ambernath se ghatkopar tak ka train chalu hai kya??? please reply (sent from Ambernath)

trains r running frm thane to cst?  (sent from Airoli Stn.)

is central line train working?? 

is there any waterlogging outside kurla station? (sent from Thane Stn.)

train me rush hai kya? towards cst (sent from Bhandup)

Are there any trains towards khopoli??????

why so rush and late trains.. (sent from Kalva Stn.)

thane to Kalyan status pls?

dadar to dombivli how is train working normal pace?

dadar to thana trains r moving na? (sent from Dadar Stn.)

Are thana trains going properly?  (sent from Thane Stn.)

kasara se cst train chalu hai kya ?? pls update (sent from Nahur)

what is the status of local trains towards Titwala..

trains from Thane to Cstm are working fine? (sent from Ghansoli Stn.)

any delays in central line trains? (sent from Vidyavihar)

pakka kya?  (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

train running on time? 

from kalyan to dadar train is on time?? (sent from Shahad Stn.)

is there any trains running toward badlapur  (sent from Rabale Stn.)

6.36 Badlapur fast on which platform  (sent from Matunga Road Stn.)

thane to kalyan train status? (sent from Thane)

what abt dadar to ambernath ??  (sent from Lower Parel)

What the problem of fast track  (sent from Chunabhatti Stn.)

should I leave for kanjur from Thane or not?

are trains running on time from cst to thane? (sent from Grant Road)

Kalyan to thane train chalu hai kya???

train update Kalyan to Karjat line ??? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

trian are on time? (sent from Mulund)

trains are running normal or not from csmt?  (sent from Cst)

where is 10:27 train

megablock? have to travel to Vikhroli (sent from Sewri Stn.)

train status from thane?? 

down to kalyan, trains delayed? 

what is the status of kalyan to cat fast train (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

?? (sent from Borivali)

what? really. trains is running from Badlapur to thane?  (sent from Badlapur Stn.)

what is problem at thane station (sent from Kalva)

train running on time?  (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)

asangaon to kalyan trains r working or not

motorman will drive train or will reply to Ur post? (sent from Kalyan)

train is running or not?? (sent from Dombivli)

Over head wire tuta hai kya? Ghatkopar main? (sent from Koparkhairne)

is there any problem in vittalvadi to Badlapur (sent from Vithalwadi Stn.)

is there Ghatkopar to karjat fast train

great updates gunjan,  keep it up...  let us know when you reach at your destination (sent from Bhandup)

why train late (sent from Kurla Stn.)

how do u assess the situation sitting @ ulhasnagar!

any status of train going kasara?? (sent from Kasara Stn.)

What's the status at shahad (sent from Shahad)

are fast trains running???  (sent from Karjat)

what is train status thane to karjat

thane badlapur trains status? (sent from Rabale Stn.)

TL TO KURLA LOCAL CHALU HE KYA?????  (sent from Shahad Stn.)

trains are running??? (sent from Shahad)

any problems in central line around Diva ? (sent from Vithalwadi Stn.)

where is 1.38 Dombivali csmt train... coming from Kasara  (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

dahanu side train chalu he???? (sent from Govandi)

kalyan se thane aane wali train h kya? (sent from Seawood Darave Stn.)

what the condition in central line (sent from Chinchpokli Stn.)

Kalyan se Aasangaon train chalu hai Kya?

bhai.. western line ke chat pe puch na  (sent from Dadar Stn.)

badlapur to dadar status??

dadat bandd nai hai? 

what is status of fast trains from dadar to thane (sent from Khar Road Stn.)

what about dadar to thane

central line ko koi problem hai kya?  (sent from Chinchpokli Stn.)

is der any issue with train?? (sent from Mulund Stn.)

what is the status of train on Western railway (sent from Sandhurst Road Stn.)

which?  (sent from Elphinstone Road)

where is 8.45 (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)

what about खोपोली train (sent from Kalva Stn.)

train chalu hai kya please tell me ? (sent from Chunabhatti)

How's train condition from Mulund to kalwa  (sent from Nahur Stn.)

Dadar to thane what is the situation (sent from Lower Parel)

?

thane to ambernath?? 

titwala to thane is late ir what (sent from Titwala Stn.)

Thane to cst what is the status

exactly what happened  (sent from Nahur Stn.)

what is the situation in shahad

what is status of thane to titwala train?  (sent from Vashi Stn.)

train from mulund to kalyan r on time or not

what's the problem (sent from Nahur)

trains running?? 

what happend???? (sent from Mumbra)

where is badlapur 8:14 local from kanjurmarg (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)

I want travel to ambarnath from Dadar.... what's the status (sent from Parel)

is there any issue at thane station...

late hai fir bhi frequency hai trains ki? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

Kya? (sent from Diva Jn)

is train Working From Parel to Bhandup? 

trains are working??

trains are running time?

are train crowded?

Kurla Ka kya status hai? (sent from Chunabhatti Stn.)

kalyan to Badlapur?  (sent from Vithalwadi)

from ghatoper to sion?  is it working properly?  (sent from Jogeshwari)

why are central locals running late? (sent from Vikhroli)

what is the status from kurla station (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

CSMT k liye train chalu hai kya  ? 

vashi se cst chalu he kya train? (sent from Nahur)

Mumbai on or close???

any problem in kalyan for ambarnath local?

ulhas to CST train chalu h kya?? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

are trains working from dadar to kalyan??  (sent from Vithalwadi)

no issues right? 

why trains are delayed 

what abt 8:6 Bl -Thane train?  (sent from Ambernath Stn.)

train from dombivli to mulund? (sent from Nilje)

late hai kya CST towards Thane? (sent from Grant Road Stn.)

are trains running on time?  (sent from Ambernath)

what is the stats from Dadar to Thane?  (sent from Grant Road Stn.)

trains running late? (sent from Kalyan)

trains are late or on time? (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)

are trains working from dadar to kurla??

आज ट्रेन चालू है क्या ?

Any update  on Ghatkopar to CST train running  status?  (sent from Andheri Stn.)

status of train from mulund to ghatkopar? (sent from Nahur)

Trains situation? (sent from Dombivli)

train running on time properly between vikhroli to dadar ? (sent from Bhayander)

is metro working ??? And is the road near Andheri metro station flooded?? (sent from Vidyavihar)

anyone at kurla? (sent from Vidyavihar Stn.)

7:43 train on platform 3 is on time usually or delayed??? (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

Mulund to domb chalu hai kya? (sent from Mulund Stn.)

mulund to kurla? (sent from Mulund)

kasara asangaon k trains available h kya ? (sent from Shahad)

from dadar to Thane are trains running?

trains running on time?....from thane to csmt?

what about kalyan trains

Is CST to Thane train r running or not ? (sent from Koparkhairne)

what's is the current status central line ??? (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)

what about Dombivli to Thane (sent from Kopar)

any updates from kurla to thane? (sent from Kharghar Stn.)

where is khopoli train (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

hey!!!! Whats the issue with slow track toward kalyan on central line??? (sent from Thane)

 Asangaon train ? (sent from Cotton Green Stn.)

is there train towrds sion

when will the next khopoli train be leaving from Kurla.. could you please let me know

Thane karjat/khopoli train??

trains running on time from dombivli to dadar? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

which one (sent from Mulund Stn.)

kurla…? (sent from Badlapur)

what is condition of Railway (sent from Chinchpokli Stn.)

bhai log Kay status hai trn ka ? (sent from Bhandup)

Are cst to thane trains running? (sent from Churchgate Stn.)

Train's is running or not?!

Dadar to Thane status? (sent from Naigaon)

where is 6.08 kalyan sf (sent from Kurla Stn.)

andheri- CST chalu hai?

trains from Byculla to Ghatkopar are working ? (sent from Chinchpokli Stn.)

I agree with you! The point is, u can however go to offc. But how'll u return home is the real question😅

thane to kalyan trains status ? 

thane to cst status....??

trains running late towards cst?  (sent from Bhandup Stn.)

current update?? (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

train running status?  (sent from Nalla Sopara)

train to ambernath are running...?

wat is current status of train? (sent from Dadar Stn.)

is vashi to Kurla active ?

What is the status of ambernath train

kalyan se aage chalu he kya?

mulund to csmt trains running or not? (sent from Mulund Stn.)

thane to Cst chalu ahet ka trains ? (sent from Rabale)

where is karjat cst train?? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

what is status of kasara train (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

is there train working from dadar to sion (sent from Kings Circle Stn.)

is any blok in kalyan to badlapur (sent from Kalyan)

?????? (sent from Kalyan)

Thane to dadar chalu hai Kya???  (sent from Koparkhairne)

kasara and karjat trains are working properly or no ?

what is train running status (sent from Rabale Stn.)

any update for Dombivli to dadar ? (sent from Dombivli)

karjat gadi Kaha pe pohchi??  (sent from Badlapur Stn.)

status kya h THANE to CSMT.?

what do you mean

are local running on time?? (sent from Shahad)

is Thane to Ambernath train is running????

can anyone tell me  train are on their time ?

has 5:00 Ambernath Fast left from CST? (sent from Andheri Stn.)

how are trains from kurla to thane?

are thane se kitna late hai abhi train cst ke liye ?? 

good morning. trains on time? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

when is the next train from Thane to Ghatkopar? (sent from Rabale)

ok. what you suggest (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)

what about train dive to dadar (sent from Dativali)

Thane to dombivali ??

train is running or not?

trains are on time ? (sent from Churchgate Stn.)

any update for Asangaon and Kasara train ?? (sent from Thakurli)

are trains running on central line?  (sent from Elphinstone Road Stn.)

why trains are running slow 

what is the train status towards ashangaon??? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

where is 9.47 dadar 15 car fast ? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

where is 8. 03 karjat (sent from Thane Stn.)

Ghatkopar to badlapur position?  (sent from Charni Road)

is this true bcoz no where it's shown in news (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)

What is the status of trains from Kalyan?? 

dadar status??

thane ka kunjvihar chalu hai kya?  (sent from Matunga Road Stn.)

are trains running?

TrAin is on time from cst to Karjat?? (sent from Govandi Stn.)

hi dadar te thakurli train chalu ahet ka ? (sent from Dadar Stn.)

what is the status after Mulund stn (sent from Mulund Stn.)

are trains available for CSMT to Ulhas nagar? (sent from Cst Stn.)

anybody who wants to travel andheri pls use metro instead of central rly (sent from Kings Circle)

mulund to Chinchpokli? are trains running?  (sent from Mulund)

hi guys what is status of 🚆 (sent from Badlapur)

anyone at kalyan station?? can please tell me if trains are running towards cst? (sent from Vithalwadi)

what is the status of central line  (sent from Kanjur Marg)

badlapur slow last is arrived? (sent from Atgan Stn.)

what is the status of ulhasnagar to thane fast? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

Are the trains running on time? is it raining heavily in thane and dombivili?  (sent from Vikhroli)

what status from Dombivli to CSMT (sent from Dombivli)

is there any fast local coming towards kurla (sent from Vidyavihar Stn.)

Kalyan to karjat train time pe he? ja sakte he? 

why Panchavati express stuck at Kalyan ? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

what abt 10: 6 kalyan fast train  (sent from Dadar Stn.)

Badlapur trains available or not?? From thane?? (sent from Mulund)

Kanjurmarg to Thane trains chalu ahet ka?

what is the status of cst to kasara( towards kasar side) trains (sent from Kurla)

What is the status of trains between Kalyan to dadar ? (sent from Thakurli)

what about the train from Dombivli to cst (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

Guys trains are running on time na ? rumors aa raha hai bohot mumbra ka.. (sent from Kalyan)

hey any idea ... how much the cost of ticket from ulhas to CST 1st class ?? (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)

mulund ka kya status hai? (sent from Nerul Stn.)

thane to Kalyan on tme???

what's status  (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

kalawa??? (sent from Mulund Stn.)

Kasara line is ok ?

and are autos working in thane?

in Andheri cst trains comes on which station?  (sent from Andheri Stn.)

where is Thane Karjat train (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)

dadar to thane.. trains working or not ?

please update abt status Kurla to Kalyan?

same? (sent from Dombivli)

what status about local trains  (sent from Kalyan)

track pe paani bhara hai ?  (sent from Badlapur)

update of kp trn? (sent from Badlapur Stn.)

aj up train late q hai, koi reson ...? (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)

kurla status? (sent from Kalva)

which next slow train from Thane towards Titwala (sent from Kalva Stn.)

what is the problem  (sent from Thane)

whats the time for megablock tommorw? (sent from Badlapur)

any updates about thana??  (sent from Dadar Stn.)

what about centrel line becouse of heavy

is any problem with trains today ... (sent from Kurla Stn.)

trains?? (sent from Cotton Green Stn.)

?? (sent from Bhandup)

can anybody tell whether trains between ambernath and cst are running or not?

status on Central line tains? (sent from Airoli Stn.)

pani bhara hai kya varap gao me? (sent from Grant Road)

trains are running or not? (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)

asangaon - cst trains what's the status (sent from Vasind Stn.)

Dadar to Thane fast and slow working or not??? (sent from Mahim Jn Stn.)

what's the update on thane CST trains?? (sent from Bhandup)

what is the status of train from Dadar to Thane now at 9.45 am (sent from Lower Parel)

train status? (sent from Kalva)

is train runing on time in centre rout??? (sent from Jogeshwari)

Status of trains downside from cst?  (sent from Vadala Road)

kindly update about pragati express?  (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

any update of Khopoli trn 1.27 at vithalwadi.. is it late ? (sent from Vithalwadi Stn.)

trains working properly?  (sent from Thakurli)

for Govt Employee ??? (sent from Vikhroli)

train status plz from thane to dadar... status between kurla n dadar???

traines are running or not???  (sent from Kalva)

thane to cstm what is the position (sent from Nerul Stn.)

water logging at thane station as showing in news.. is it correct?? any on e from sion matunga station update on water logging.. (sent from Kalva)

is the central line working fine

is train working from dadar to thane? (sent from Dadar)

where is the khopoli train? (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

what's the status of train (sent from Mumbai Central Stn.)

mumbra to thane ? (sent from Mumbra)

titwala to cst working? please reply  (sent from Titwala)

where is 651 thane Badlapur train 

central train chalu aahet ka? (sent from Masjid Stn.)

are trains on time? (sent from Neral Stn.)

now where asangaon train (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

Centrel line karjat to csmt on time he???  ya delayed he (sent from Neral)

Train to kalyan running or not

Any update on diva to vasai line ? (sent from Koparkhairne)

is there any water-logging at dadar station?

what is status of kalyan to badlapur  (sent from Kalyan)

what about Kasara side

trains are running....????

what is the problem jst help us out stuck at nahur n bandup (sent from Bhandup Stn.)

central line Bhandup se thane ke bich me koi problem hai kya??? (sent from Mulund Stn.)

what is train status from thane to Ghatkopar (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

no trains towards CST at kanjurmarg from last 30mins, any issue? (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)

dadar to thane slow running or not? (sent from Andheri Stn.)

from kurta to thane/kalayan trains are running???

what about Dombivli to Ambernath local (sent from Kalyan)

where is fast train 6:12 from Kalyan to csmt (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)

what is the status of trains on central line  (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)

Goodmorning as we all know today is gurupurnima so i just want we all  to do something good from today Please dont travell unnecessarily in the handicap coach as it is empty people who are special finding veryy difficulties during travel please have some Humanity😊😊😊 (sent from Mulund Stn.)

masjid se cst kitna dur hai???? (sent from Cst Stn.)

what abt Karjat last  train,  

Are the trains towards Tahme worming properly? ( sent from dombivali) (sent from Dombivli)

Is der any water logged in thane stn ?? (sent from Kalva)

any update about ladies special train? 

central train running on time? any update (sent from Turbhe)

any one stuck between thane kalwa?? (sent from Thane)

Ghatkopar and Sion me ok h condition ? (sent from Ambernath Stn.)

kalyan to titwala ka status?  (sent from Vidyavihar Stn.)

are there trains from badlapur to cst ?

ia train running feom CSMT to chembur??  (sent from Cst)

sub log questions puch te ho ? mark lagavo please (sent from Kings Circle)

when will be Panvel coming (sent from Sanpada Stn.)

9:06 ksa local dadar pohachi kya?? (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)

what about up trains?

Trains are on time??? (sent from Kanjur Marg)

trains are running or not

How's situation of Central line trains going to Cst?

road transport ? (sent from Shahad)

what is the status from ambernath to Thane (sent from Ambernath)

badlapur to cst trains time par h kya??...  (sent from Badlapur)

trains are on time ????? (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

is the problem solved (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

what is current status of local train

ddr to thane is working..??

should I leave from badlapur to vikhroli/ghatkopar?

kurla se karjat chalu hai kya??? (sent from Tilak Nagar Stn.)

train status from cst to thane ??

trains between badalapur to CST are running or not

KALYAN karjat route chalu aahe ka? (sent from Badlapur)

what's the status of 7:23 Bhandup to Thane? (sent from Thane Stn.)

which is the indicator on badlapur station (sent from Badlapur)

what about kasara last train..

what is the status of rajrani express tomorrow from manmade to mumbai

and from thane are they working?

and any water logging?? 

where is khopoli train (sent from Ambernath Stn.)

mulund to kurla?  (sent from Mulund Stn.)

ghatkopar pasun pudhe trains jat ahet ka?  (sent from Kings Circle Stn.)

train status ?? (sent from Thane)

Thane ambernath ??

good morning trains are running on time or late ? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

dombavli to Borivali status??

are trains on time?? (sent from Mulund)

is kurla to Kalyan Working pls reply?? (sent from Tilak Nagar)

Is there rain in Thane (sent from Sandhurst Road)

any delay on central line?

anybody at mumbra?

What about trains from badlapur and ambarnath. leaving home now! anyone??? (sent from Ambernath)

is there any protest near thane station 

kitna time aur lgega vidhyavihar se train start hone me?

mulund te thane kay aahe status?? (sent from Mulund)

mumbra to cst  train chalu h kya ???

problem has been solved?  (sent from Vithalwadi)

metro running from Ghatkopar? (sent from Juinagar)

To the DRM plz start Dombivali -Kurla -Dombivali increased slow local... It will help passengers of Metro.. and also People where this lot of Population as Kalva, Mumbra, Diva and Dombivali

karjat fast on time ?? or late ?? (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

can any one tell me what is the status of train from Mulund to kalyan (sent from Mulund Stn.)

what happened to Punjab mail (sent from Shahad Stn.)

trains working from ghatkopar to kalyan? 

down side trains ontime hai? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

ठाणे to Badlapur train status?  (sent from Thane)

anybody going to powoi from nerul? 

any tc's on thane I don't have ticket? (sent from Koparkhairne Stn.)

is it raining in CST? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

kalwa to Maunga?? (sent from Thane)

what about badlapur trains from thane (sent from Nahur)

train is running till dadar?? (sent from Mulund)

what is a status of thane to Dadar local?

what is The current situation kalyan to cst fast local

central line ka status kya hai!!? 

7.52 badlapur status? (sent from Badlapur Stn.)

are trains running on time for Byculla? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

solving TIME ?

is there any train from thane to vashi  (sent from Badlapur Stn.)

waise aish going for work or what  (sent from Vasind)

train r running in time?  (sent from Dadar Stn.)

what is pubg?  (sent from Masjid Stn.)

bro from thane to cst is working?

are trains running late? or stopped??

why late central line train?? (sent from Ghatkopar)

dadar stn k bahar paani bhara hai kya? 

OK aur train ka status Kya hai? 

what is the status between thane to Ulhasnagar?  (sent from Airoli Stn.)

train status central line? (sent from Lower Parel)

are the trains towards thane from cst running fine right now? 

cst to ghatkopar trains??? chalu hai???? (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)

any status from ghatkopar to badlaur???

any 1 is in Thane station right now??? (sent from Rabale)

what is d status of train

is everyalright ?  (sent from Churchgate)

how about thane to cst

cst jane k liye nikla ya abhi bhi band h? (sent from Sion Stn.)

I stay at Thane n currently at office in azad nagar andheri, can any one pls advise on the train frequency to Thane? (sent from Jogeshwari)

what about train status aasangaon to kalyan

all train stop ??

what about kurla ghatkopar  (sent from Turbhe Stn.)

Thane to cst is late?

at Kalyan train are on time? 

kalyan to cst ?? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

are trains started well after ghatkoar now?

from Thane to byculla? 

are trains on time?? (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)

R the train running between Ghatkopar n Kalyan ?

sahad to Kalyan? (sent from Shahad)

karjat train chalu ahe ka? (sent from Thane Stn.)

Are trains running to Mulund side? (sent from Elphinstone Road Stn.)

train status from Ambernath to cst???

what update of kurla (sent from Kalva)

any fast train left from klyn????? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

any water logging issues at Kurla station if any one already reached Kurla?

are trains to thane on time? (sent from Ghatkopar)

are trains running from cst to karjat?

are you travelling?  (sent from Kurla)

is there any issues in thane?  (sent from Reay Road Stn.)

guys, trains are working towards Badlapur?????? after 7:30pm??

KURLA TO THANE STATUS ? (sent from Sion Stn.)

why these fast are always late..im for CST fast at thanne for 11.44 am train

thane to dadar?

are train on time from badlapur to cst?  (sent from Badlapur)

is 6:50 sf from cstm on time? (sent from Byculla Stn.)

ulhasnagar to karjat?  (sent from Shahad)

Bharat bandh h kal?? (sent from Ghatkopar)

to jao, kisne roka hai? (sent from Bhandup Stn.)

what u wanna know

central on time???? (sent from Kalva)

 what about down track.....diva to Kalyan side (sent from Dativali Stn.)

waiting for cst slow.. kab aayegi? 

are you giving status of both up and down trains?? (sent from Koparkhairne Stn.)

what about badlapur to kalyan (sent from Badlapur Stn.)

cst to kalyan???? (sent from Cst)

what u say (sent from Dombivli)

bhusawal express is on time? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

whether trains from dombivali is on time or not? (sent from Dombivli)

are trains working? (sent from Mulund Stn.)

what about 12 22 from badlapur (sent from Vithalwadi)

is any problem on central line?

9.37 ki train pakad sakta huna ??andheri to panvel? 

After Kalyan trains are delayed for Badlapur, Khopoli, Karjat (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)

what is the status of central line (sent from Belapur Cbd Stn.)

malad se vashi jana h train milege??

are all trains are running as per schedule ? (sent from Titwala Stn.)

what about karat side train  (sent from Bhandup Stn.)

what's the status of 12:53 karjat-cst fast train (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

bhandup to dadar trains are working or not

Hello. Are the trains from Thane to CSMT working? 

are trains running on time between Thane to Kalyan? (sent from Rabale Stn.)

wtf. why are these guys talking about trains and morchas here. let us have conversation about pubg (sent from Kopar Stn.)

Kurla station par pani to nahi bhara hai? please koi batayie , Mujhe LTT station jana hai. (sent from Malad)

Ambernath se ghatkopar tak ka train chalu hai kya? (sent from Ambernath)

what is the status of trains in central railway??? from Thane to csmt?????

8:03 cst train from badlapur where (sent from Badlapur)

what is current status of trains.... (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)

wht situation between kalyan to kurla? any block?  (sent from Kalyan)

has anyone reached Kurla station? what's the status of waterlogging there? 

What,abt train situations in  kalyan (sent from Kalyan)

what is train status (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

how is central line?

all trains running on time? (sent from Dombivli)

any issue for down trains? 

Those who actually want to office are already in Trains. So better go to your nearest railway station and board the same (sent from Chunabhatti Stn.)

what is the status Asangaon to Cst local  (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

is all trains for cst are on right time (sent from Shahad)

train status?

lol..but then..how sure are you?;) (sent from Dombivli)

mumbra to cst chalu hai Kya??? (sent from Byculla Stn.)

is there some problem (sent from Shahad)

Trains are properly in Central Line? (sent from Kurla)

asangaon trains on time? (sent from Vasind Stn.)

CST to Ghatkopar train are running or not? (sent from Cst Stn.)

diva cst running properly? (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)

kurla to dadar?? (sent from Tilak Nagar Stn.)

is problem resolved? (sent from Ghatkopar)

is any train available fr cst from ulhas? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

what's status (sent from Mulund)

Thane to Kasara 2:05 is running or not? (sent from Kalva Stn.)

what is current status (sent from Mulund Stn.)

where is 2 31at kalyancst fast train  (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

kurla to cst running or not 

cst to karjat status? 

by how much (sent from Airoli)

kurla to mulund*?

kalyan se upside trains proper time pe hai? (sent from Kalyan)

how much delayed trains update are available? 

central working ? (sent from Dativali Stn.)

Are the trains moving ahead of Kalyan?  (sent from Mulund)

chalu hai?

dombivli-cst kya status hai??? (sent from Kopar)

 where is dadar kalyan 6:43 local  (sent from Dadar Stn.)

kya aaj mega block hai ? (sent from Govandi)

ट्रेन सुरु आहेत का ? (sent from Bandra)

trains are running on time or not? (sent from Kopar Stn.)

where is khopoli train (sent from Lowjee Stn.)

badlapur To ulhasnagar train status?  (sent from Badlapur)

Kalyan to Kurla? one day return, possible? (sent from Kalyan)

any delays near kurla - dadar?  (sent from Mulund)

what is the status of fast local from Mulund (sent from Mulund)

what is the current status (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

Asangaon train?? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

anyone there at Badlapur? trains are running or not

what is position of trains from ulhasnagar railway station

central line chalu hai kya??? (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)

Dadar to Ghatkopar trains running? (sent from Vadala Road)

Are trains running ??

are auto working in kalyan? (sent from Thane Stn.)

where to get information about mega block in CR on coming Sunday? (sent from Kanjur Marg)

why train are late from last two days (sent from Bandra)

where is 6.43 Kalyan train  (sent from Dadar Stn.)

nahur to kurla train running?  (sent from Nahur Stn.)

vidyavihara to thane trains working or not?? (sent from vidyavihar) (sent from Vidyavihar)

where is asangaon 11:49

central line status ??? (sent from Dombivli)

Panvel to Andheri train are running or not?

central trains are working?? (sent from Kalyan)

ghatkopar to Badlapur train chalu hai kya? 

what is the status- Thane to Dombivli? (sent from Airoli Stn.)

how much train delay (sent from Ambernath)

kurla to vashi status? (sent from Sion)

metro ka koi news hai?

 where is ladeis special? (sent from Dativali)

thane to ghatkopar trains late hai Kya ?? (sent from Airoli Stn.)

dadar trains status ?? (sent from Bandra Stn.)

airoli se thane ke liye train chal raha hain kya??  (sent from Airoli Stn.)

dombivili to CST train running or not?

are trains running on time? (sent from Vithalwadi)

titwala to csmt trian status?  (sent from Vasind)

Are the slow trains towards cst running on time ? (sent from Dombivli)

itna late hai Thane train? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

there was a overhead problem between Nahur and Mulund which has been solved so trains are moving slow but they are moving. 743 Dadar dombivli reaching Mulund now.

titwala dadar slow train status?? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

there is issue with central line between kurla and sion. coz of that reason central lines are not running properly. railways officials says they are traying to resolve asap but dunoo how much it will take. yesterday at nahur and today at kurla what these railway officials are doing nobody knows. 

what's is status from CST to Kalyan trains.  (sent from Churchgate)

what is stutas for CST local (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

you shall reach but dunno when

kasara ki train chalu h kya?  (sent Kalyan syn) 

kurla se cst any update? please (sent from Sion Stn.)

is thane vashi line working ??

are trains running fine in central line? (sent from Bandra)

central railway running on time???

any update of kasara cst? it's timing in dombivli is 1:38. and its still hasn't arrived (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

kanjurmarg se train chalu aahe?

is train running from ghatkopar to airoli....??? (sent from Vidyavihar Stn.)

should I go to Vidyavihar for my college?

what is the Central fly working (sent from Goregaon)

what is the status of than to dadr

what is the current status at nahur??...when the trains are going to run towards karjat''? (sent from Badlapur)

what is the status of the trains today (sent from Thakurli)

 train chalu zali ki nahi ajun??? (sent from Goregaon)

Any update from Thane station? (sent from Kalva)

wat abt sion  Kurla...? (sent from Kalyan)

what is cst train status. plz confirm 

what's the status of central line?? are trains running  (sent from Vidyavihar Stn.)

central train towards thane ??  (sent from Ambernath)

are trains being cancelled from Thane to cstm?

kurla to cstm fast?? (sent from Gtb Nagar)

what is the status of Central line from ambernath  (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)

thane to Kurla trains running ??

what is the status of train from thane to Kalyan  (sent from Thane Stn.)

kopar to Bhiwandi Train?? (sent from Dombivli)

whats the issue between thane to mulund why are trains running late ???  (sent from Virar)

what a status of central local 

Dombivali se Thane chalu hai kya?

what about downside??? is it running on time

Karjat to cst fast is on time ??

how are the status of trains now (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

ppl who don't wanna go to the ofc are praying hard (sent from Kopar Stn.)

is tomorrow morning train for khopoli on time? 

mail gadi chalu hai? 

what about kalyan to dadar (sent from Kalyan)

why not announcement in train (sent from Nahur Stn.)

what happened?? (sent from Badlapur Stn.)

Central working? (sent from Nerul)

Badlapur to karjat train what status (sent from Badlapur)

what is problem (sent from Dombivli)

are the trains running from Diva to CST?

train is running on time or what?

Anyone outside Chembur station? is any dhaniya vendor available? I am making kothimbir vadi (sent from Chembur)

are trains on time?

I guess you can guarantee what will happen after 1hrs.. superman in making

why train are delay

ya to Karjat? (sent from Thane Stn.)

Today train update??

are fast trains working smoothly? slow trains are going slow and is stopping many times in between

Which bridge? (sent from Kalyan)

has dadar 05:06 left or is late? (sent from Sewri Stn.)

how much minutes late trains (sent from Kalyan)

where is badlapur CST

central line any update.. sion to mulund ? (sent from Sion Stn.)

what is kalyan to CSMT trains status ups n down?

12 karjat cancelled ???? (sent from Kopar Stn.)

are trains working on time ?

kasala to thane train suru aahet ka?

where is the CST Thane train which is supposed to reach Parel at 6:03? (sent from Elphinstone Road Stn.)

any update on titwala and asangaon trains? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

what is the status of central railway? (sent from Masjid Stn.)

are trains running guys? from dombivli to Thane? (sent from Kopar Stn.)

कसारा साठी लोकल चालू आहे का डोंबिवली हुन? (sent from Nilje)

ambernath to CSt ? (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)

ghatkopar to thane train status??? (sent from Kanjur Marg)

Bhandup to Thane? (sent from Bhandup)

is central railway on time?

anyone in dombivli station now??? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

if anyone at ghatkopar station pl tell status of 9.25 a.m karjat train?? 

Central train is working?  (sent from Santa Cruz)

is trains are running?

what is trn status from dombivli (sent from Dombivli)

what the status from mumbra

vahi to me bhi bol raha hu....sunta kon hai apni ni...train chalu hai ky...? bus karo...gar pe jake...so jao (sent from Dombivli)

आणि वेस्टर्न लाईन चालू आहेत का???

diva station pe chadne mil raha hai kya train me tyane ja ne k liye? (sent from Dativali)

Ghatkoper to diva train are running a not...? 😥

may I catch the ambernath fast ,,,, what you guys suggest  (sent from Santa Cruz Stn.)

baar baar yeh naa pooche ki train time par hai kya.....please pehle chat padh le phir aise sawaal pooche (sent from Chinchpokli Stn.)

kalyan se badlapur chalu he kay? (sent from Vikhroli)

Thane to Dombiwali? (sent from Vashi)

karjat train on which (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)

trains are running? (sent from Mahalakshmi)

is 8.18 from kasara running on time?  (sent from Khardi Stn.)

cst to kalyan?  (sent from Marine Lines)

all trains are well towards dombivali to cst ? (sent from Dombivli)

byculla  to kurla line clear hai Kiya?? (sent from Grant Road)

Railway must take strict action against people who stand on door and close halfway and don't allow people to use the door for getting in or out (sent from Dombivli)

are trains running  properly down kalyan..?  (sent from Ghatkopar)

Ghatkopar to Dadar train?

  karjat train update? please anyone in karjat train pz update the status  (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)

dombivli madhe train ahe ka?? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

GHATKOPAR to  Thane train  is working or not 

cst to kalyan chalu he kya?

Ulhasnagar Mumbai train chalu hai? (sent from Vithalwadi)

trains r running on time?

are Thane to Kasara trains running on time?  (sent from Kalva)

How central line local trains running ?

what problem shahad to kalyan?  (sent from Shahad Stn.)

is it raining heavily in Sion? (sent from Mulund)

dadar se aage train chal rai hai kya? (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)

dombivli to kalyan status? (sent from Mumbai Central Stn.)

is there any issue between dadar to dombiwali....pls let me know.... (sent from Lower Parel)

are train running from thane to word kalyan..??? (sent from Nilje)

Mumbra to Kurla any updates? anyone please

is trains running till Dadar? (sent from Nahur)

what about Thane vashi (sent from Ghansoli)

where is the kasara train (sent from Andheri Stn.)

dadar trn nikla kya badlapur se? (sent from Ambernath Stn.)

central railway is running or not?

train running from thane to dombivli??? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

what is the problem (sent from Nahur Stn.)

what's the status of train

what is the issue, why trains are running late ??

is there any announcements being made about water logging? (sent from Kopar)

why is the protest going on (sent from Bhiwandi Road)

thane local chhod rahe hai kya?? (sent from Nahur)

is train running from thane to ghatkopar?

where is last train now pls update (sent from Mumbra Stn.)

what about karjat to cst tarain status (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)

what the status of train??  (sent from Badlapur)

are train's on time from CST? 

what is now train status (sent from Vikhroli)

what's the position of csmt kalyan licals

dombivli to cst train running?

trains are working from Thane To Dadar???? (sent from Mulund Stn.)

dadar to diva chalu hi train? (sent from Grant Road Stn.)

Any one know khimil soni. Mostly a CA student from dombivli? He has forgotten his bag in train. Contact 9167082081 (sent from Vadala Road Stn.)

thane-kalyan? (sent from Vashi Stn.)

where is my train (sent from Kurla Stn.)

what is status  (sent from Shahad)

What's your stop? can you keep updating ? we will get a proper idea about the trains (sent from Thane)

is it bad? (sent from Vile Parle)

Shahad se 08:06 fast kidhar hai abhi? (sent from Shahad Stn.)

aap Western line chat pe puchho

what is the closing time of band

are trains running on time ?

khopoli local status????? (sent from Badlapur)

whr is kasara from thane 4:20? (sent from Thane Stn.)

karjat to ambernath updates ??? (sent from Karjat)

kiske pas soda hai kya??

what about central delay from Thane to Csmt (sent from Mulund)

are trains running from Ambernath? (sent from Ambernath)

what about ghatkoper to mulund?

why trains are late on centrap line (sent from Kalyan)

are train running from cst to thane? (sent from Bandra Stn.)

4.45 karjat train frm Dombivli  r running on time..?

thane to cst any problem??? (sent from Bhiwandi Road Stn.)

Kurla to Sion trains? (sent from Kurla Stn.)

what about an central line from DDR to TNA (sent from Andheri)

are trains from Dadar running on time for Ghatkopar? (sent from Elphinstone Road)

u r in which train?

till what time it's mega blocks? from Kalyan?

ghatkopar me kjt or badlapur train anewali hai kya CST se? (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

are trains running from thane towords ghatkoper? (sent from Ghansoli Stn.)

ulhasnagar train status anyone? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

Is 8:03 Thane Karjat on time ? I m at Divaa (sent from Dativali Stn.)

what about Kalyan status???

what is the status between vidyavihar to dadar (sent from Vidyavihar)

give me update kalyan 15 cars..? (sent from Thane Stn.)

dadar to kanjurmarg are trains running?  (sent from Vadala Road)

Kalyan to cst what is status 

any update about central line thane to ulhas... they r time or late ? (sent from Shahad)

are trains to pune running on time? 

Goregaon to csmt is late why (sent from Khar Road Stn.)

r train on time from Kalwa??? 

what about Kalyan to CST (sent from Kalyan)

nakki ka..? (sent from Kandivali Stn.)

what is the status of titwala train 5.12 ( sent from mulund) (sent from Mulund Stn.)

are there trains for vikhroli to badlapur??  (sent from Kings Circle Stn.)

What is the status of trains from kurla to dadar ? (sent from Kharghar Stn.)

is ghatkoper logged?  (sent from Bhandup)

harbour line trains ?? (sent from Dombivli)

yess & where r u ??? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

are you sure?

wat abt ambernath train?

is there trainings are on time ???

Dombivali to Badlapur??? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

dadar se aage train जा rahi है क्या...???  (sent from Dadar Stn.)

badlapur to thane is working fine? (sent from Badlapur)

what about trains  (sent from Dombivli)

train from Ulhasnagar are on time  ? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

where is 10 54 from kalyan pls tell status (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

kanjur marg?  (sent from Sion Stn.)

thane to gharkoper train status?

sion water logging hai abhi bhi ? (sent from Thane)

plz update me Sion and kula station,it's flooded?? (sent from Mumbra Stn.)

where is 7:58 Kasara local from Thane (sent from Airoli)

mulund to ghatkoper train is runing ? (sent from Mulund Stn.)

kurla to CST is working ?

9:47 kalyan dadar status?? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

What is train status  (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

which  (sent from Ambernath)

Any update on 9:32 badlapur train ? (sent from Airoli)

any one can tell me what about karjat train from kalyan (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

are trains on time between kalyan and ghatkopar?  (sent from Kalyan)

how are Thane to kurla trains running ? (sent from Thane Stn.)

are trains working from Ghatkopar to diva?

ambernath to CST? (sent from Ambernath)

Dadar to kalyan trains are on time or late??  (sent from Vithalwadi)

kurla to vikhroli train status ? (sent from Khar Road)

whats the status of Badlapur CST trains...? (sent from Badlapur)

trains time pe hai na? (sent from Santa Cruz Stn.)

Kalyan to thane? (sent from Kalyan)

cst to khopoli ????? any update (sent from Dombivli)

what's the status for asangaon to kalyan (sent from Asangaon Stn.)

asangon fast which location (sent from Airoli Stn.)

Trains from badlapur are on time??? 

उल्हासनगर से CSTM train चालू है क्या?  (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

what about ambernath train to cst (sent from Ambernath)

?

where is 3 13 titwala (sent from Titwala Stn.)

mulund?any  idea (sent from Mulund)

Trains are running on time. they'll stop while returning home, when there'll be utmost need . Travel at own risk, rather not to travel. (sent from Kopar)

byculla to Kalyan train  running ? (sent from Sandhurst Road Stn.)

what status train aroli to ghatkoper by thane

is there train is working for sanpada to kurla plz give me suggestions about (sent from Sanpada)

Train updates....  ? (sent from Marine Lines)

Is there raining in Mumbai??

thane to cst train is running or not?

are trains running on central line? 

is it safe to travel from ambernath to CST? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

from Thane proper? (sent from Mulund Stn.)

current situation of Virar-churchgate ???

nahur to thane what is the status (sent from Rabale)

Thane kalyan?  (sent from Airoli Stn.)

badlapur to thane update? (sent from Badlapur)

mumbra to dadar chalu h kya?

what's the problem in kalyan (sent from Badlapur Stn.)

kurla to kalyan?

which update ....matunga stn .... (sent from Andheri Stn.)

why trains r late on ambernath route? (sent from Vithalwadi Stn.)

Kalyan user whr is fast train? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

is train working?  (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)

9.39 left from badlapur or not? (sent from Ambernath Stn.)

Thane to Dadar trains chalu hai kya proper? (sent from Airoli Stn.)

from where towards cst trains I don't think running properly, came back home (sent from Thane)

Local Chalu h ??

what's wrong  (sent from Matunga Stn.)

can somebody update on dombivali to thane? (sent from Nerul Stn.)

is it trains are gng matunga to cst ??? (sent from Sion Stn.)

what status at ulhasnagar train

ghatkopar to kalyan?

ghatkopar to cst are trains working?  (sent from Ghatkopar)

what is train status (sent from Currey Road Stn.)

megablock hai kya tomorrow? (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)

are fast trains working smoothly? slow trains are going slow and is stopping many times in between

train running late?

why (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)

Are trains available vidyavihar to matunga? (sent from Chembur)

R there trains from dombivli station? (sent from Dombivli)

What about central line trains? (sent from Lower Parel)

titwala to Kalyan train status? (sent from Ambivli Stn.)

Mulund to cst chalo h kya? please update

dadar to thane? (sent from Parel)

today is thr a central megablock? 

where have you reachd now ?

vidyavihar to Thane train chalu hai kya?? (sent from Vidyavihar)

Ghatkopar to Thane trains running or not? (sent from Andheri)

central line working on time ?

Karjat train status ? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

???? (sent from Mumbai Central Stn.)

kasara to dadar working or not

Slow fast? how much time? (sent from Dombivli)

ulhas to thane ?news showing waterlogging at thane station. 

what about ambernath stn to dadar

9:25 fast train from dombivli left???

Are train running from Matunga to CSMT??  (sent from Gtb Nagar Stn.)

? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

 what is the status of ulhasnagar to ghatkopar status??? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

seriously????? (sent from Mulund Stn.)

kanjur to thane? (sent from Kanjur Marg)

trains are working frm mulund ?

central line ke trains chal rahe hai kya?? (sent from Matunga Road Stn.)

CSTM-Thane train running??  (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)

why slow local is stucked  before kurla station  (sent from Tilak Nagar)

Is Thane To CST Trains Are Running...?

what about cst to Kalyan (sent from Bhandup)

what is the current status of train (sent from Mumbra Stn.)

currently status for CST?

8.22 Train Dombivali to Khopoli running on time???

status for trains from thane to titwala????? (sent from Thane)

how u know?

why don't you inform mul und station master ... (sent from Shahad)

want to travel from parel to thane, should I?

which train. Is this Titwala (sent from Ghatkopar)

what is the current status of the train proble was solve?

what's the update towards car from ghatkopar (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

guys anyone trains to sewri? (sent from Santa Cruz)

what is status of fast train?  (sent from Thakurli Stn.)

are trains wrking from ulhasnagar to thane ? please reply

status towards cst can u plz give an update...?? (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)

are train running on time??? 

badlapur  to thane are train  running??? (sent from Badlapur)

is that khopoli train  6:26 pm left from Dombivali?

anyone , anyone?? (sent from Ghatkopar)

what about cst (sent from Badlapur)

is the trains are running on time

r trains late ???  (sent from Badlapur)

trains aare working??  (sent from Dahisar)

where is the thane train (sent from Kopar Stn.)

 what situations towards Kalyan train (sent from Lower Parel)

are the trains running from kalyan station to thane? (sent from Kalyan)

kya problem hai ?? (sent from Nahur)

what is the problem (sent from Vithalwadi Stn.)

harbour ka kya scene? also, trans harbour band hai kya? (sent from Vidyavihar Stn.)

what is the status of train at cst side

bdl to cst?  (sent from Badlapur)

N 1 @ Ambernath what th status of trains

what is status of cst slow trains???

is there any train from kalyan to ambernath  (sent from Vithalwadi Stn.)

what is the problem on slow track  (sent from Nahur)

Khopoli train 3.56 from Mulund on time?  (sent from Mulund Stn.)

Kalyan to Badlapur what is status (sent from Dativali Stn.)

what's the status of trains from thane to badlapur (sent from Dombivli)

are slow trains late again?? (sent from Dadar Stn.)

 when will diva vasai passenger departs from diva junction? (sent from Bhiwandi Road)

what about the status for trains to cst? (sent from Bhandup Stn.)

Kalyan to catch? (sent from Kalyan)

what  (sent from Byculla Stn.)

yss why not (sent from Vithalwadi)

what about from ulhasnagar to thane

what is the status of Sion station? (sent from Malad Stn.)

what is the status of for karjat from kalyan?? 

any trains going to cstm from kalyan...how much they are late

are train running from CST to Kalyan? (sent from Churchgate)

wt the status for dadar train?

what about after Thane? CST route (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

is it true?? (sent from Dadar Stn.)

trains are on time from shahad??? (sent from Vasind Stn.)

central line chalu aahet ka?? Dadar to Kalyan  (sent from Andheri Stn.)

hi how is traine (sent from Ghatkopar)

are all trains on time ?? (sent from Dombivli)

do anyone has any idea when the dombivli train will arrive in thane (sent from Thane Stn.)

down line ??

kasara 9.35 ?where is? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

any idea about Kalyan to karjat?  (sent from Shahad)

trains slow hai kya down Ka? (sent from Thane)

where is kasara train (sent from Titwala Stn.)

what  about trains (sent from Diva Jn)

where all thane CST Dadar users today when they are required (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

down trains are running?? (sent from Vidyavihar Stn.)

kya train chalu hai??? (sent from Mumbai Central Stn.)

dadar to Bhandup train is running ? (sent from Dadar Stn.)

mumbra to thane chalu h ? (sent from Mumbra)

what about karjat (sent from Borivali Stn.)

 are trains running from thane to dombivli??  (sent from Seawood Darave Stn.)

where is ASANGAON 10.25 from KALYAN (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)

why train stop on slow line towards Kalyan  (sent from Thane)

what is the status of 9:06 khopoli from karjat? (sent from Karjat)

what status Kalyan cstm fast train

what abou t going to kalyan from thane? (sent from Thane)

what is status of train in central line

are trains running between thane n ulhasnagar??

trains status from Badlapur to cst, please? 

Sion to Dadar trains available?? (sent from Bhayander)

 is slow line working between thane - kanjurmarg??? (sent from Ambivli)

train running on right time friends?

anyone at ambernath stn?

Are train running properly? (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)

mulund to kalyan?

Thane to ghatkopar any issues because of the rains?

train are running??from Karjat to csmt

thane to cstm train there? (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)

7.38 Badlapur from Bhandup has gone or not?? (sent from Mulund)

what is train status badlapur to cstm (sent from Badlapur)

kurla to Thane train chalu hai ??? (sent from Nerul Stn.)

are the local late ? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

any update about khopoli train??

what is the status of trains from Kalyan to CST...anyone.. pls update???

ladies special where  (sent from Dativali Stn.)

why trains late now (sent from Mulund Stn.)

local running or not Btwn CST to  kylan? (sent from Nilje)

thana se cst train chalu he Kya?

what is the running of train from Badlapur to cst

Thane to Kalyan train working? (sent from Airoli)

kp means?

kurla to dadar status ??? (sent from Kurla)

any water logging near bhandup stn ? (sent from Jogeshwari)

but if a plane can crash. what can we say about trains. you never know (sent from Ghatkopar)

is trajn availabe from thane to kalyan ?

panvel to Thane? (sent from Nerul)

train on time from Dadar to Thane ?

what about dombivali Station  (sent from Thakurli)

r trains on time towards Kalyan? (sent from Nahur Stn.)

Vangani to thane megha block aahe ka.koni sangel ka?. (sent from Vangani Stn.)

fast train on Time? (sent from Vithalwadi)

thane to krjt ahet ka train ?? update  (sent from Koparkhairne)

what about karjat train (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

pls. advice if Dombivali to CSmt trains are running on time? (sent from Dombivli)

railway enquiry no is what

what is train status at badlapur (sent from Badlapur Stn.)

what about sion station??

where is 5 04 train which is left from badlapur (sent from Badlapur)

are trains running right now?  (sent from Dombivli)

slow trains Right? (sent from Bhandup)

What about Ghatkopar Metro and local (sent from Badlapur)

which train become 9.43 CST fast from Kalyan (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

Thane tu cst train chalu hai kya?

Ghatkopar to Kalyan scene?  (sent from Shahad)

thane se train aari hai kya? thane-ghatkopar chalu hai? (sent from Kharghar)

status at Sion? (sent from Nahur Stn.)

Kalyan Dadar 15C fast left Kalyan? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

bhai aaj ghar pohach payege kya? (sent from Cst)

how is train status from kalyan to csmt

kasara to cstm train available??? 

5:30 Vivyavihar to Kalyan ? (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)

उद्या मध्य रेल्वेचा मेगा ब्लॉक आहे का? (sent from Kalva)

whether trains are close from thane to CST?

train time pe hai kya? (sent from Tilak Nagar Stn.)

is it safe to go from GHAT KOPAR to CST (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

what is the status of kalyan csmt slow train (sent from Vithalwadi)

train status at sion? (sent from Sion Stn.)

y train is at halt between thane n kalva ? (sent from Thane)

kalyan to thane slow chalu hai kya??? 

badlpur tren chlu hai Kay? (sent from Santa Cruz)

trains towards kly r working fine? (sent from Rabale)

why train has stopped too late in between bhandup and nahur

where is 4:34 CST train (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)

Half of the ppl r drugged here they cant see reality that trains are working or not.  n thus misleading here.  get urself doctors.. (sent from Mulund)

where are you guys? (sent from Juinagar)

hi, checking with u since u r at Dombivali.. can u check if there's an old lady who accidentally got there from a thane fast train..  (sent from Kalva Stn.)

trains are running??  (sent from Thane)

train chalu aahe ka?  badlapur to dadar 

thane to kanjurmarg status?

thane to vashi chalu he train ya late he ? (sent from Mulund Stn.)

where is 9.34 thane train (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

kurla to ghatkopar trains???

Central railway running or not? (sent from Byculla)

parel to ghatkopar????? (sent from Parel)

badlapur to thane is there are not ???? (sent from Thane Stn.)

Is there train for titwala (sent from Shahad)

what is the status of mumbai pune express trains ? (sent from Dadar Stn.)

what position in c rly local cst to karjat badlapur_kalyan (sent from Badlapur)

trains are okay? (sent from Kalyan)

bata rahe ke pucch rahe ho ? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

is there rain in any part of mumbai or suburb?

what is the problem  (sent from Thane Stn.)

??  (sent from Thakurli Stn.)

is it so ?? (sent from Ghatkopar)

what is the train status? from Mulund to Dombivali (sent from Mulund)

what is the status for fast/slow trains running from thane to Ulhasnagar/shahad? (sent from Airoli Stn.)

Thane to Cst trains are running? (sent from Airoli Stn.)

seems poeple who are travelled are not looking at this chat..

Why kurla, you can go to belapur from thane also (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

what is the status of kalyan stn ? (sent from Shahad Stn.)

is there any issue between CSTM and Thane (sent from Lower Parel)

train chalu aahet ka ? (sent from Mulund)

what is the status of 11 23 from Badlapur  (sent from Ambernath Stn.)

nusta dhurr matlab ?

what situatn at ghatkoper statn (sent from Kandivali Stn.)

what is the status of Kalyan starting train 8:36 and 8:42? (sent from Kalyan)

central?

thane to cst status??  (sent from Thane Stn.)

Dombivli to Thane any problems? (sent from Dombivli)

bhai train kab band hogi...?  (sent from Kalyan)

what is the situation of tracks?

kay mag chaha jhala ka? (sent from Nahur)

status of fast trn frm kalyan to cst...anybody?

what kalyn status (sent from Kalyan)

central train running? (sent from Vile Parle)

where is asangaon train  (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

bhai log what about asangav and Kasara status

train chalu he kya central ka???  (sent from Thakurli)

sanhok map is it there ? (sent from Airoli)

office se chutti le sakte hai kya? or all trains are on time (sent from Ghansoli Stn.)

karjat to kalyan trains are working ?

is it still very delayed between Kurla to daadr ? please update  (sent from Jogeshwari)

4.48am@thabe tiwala to cst cancelled? (sent from Thane Stn.)

what is Matunga to Ghatkopar train status? (sent from Kings Circle Stn.)

Thane to kasara chalu aahe ka?????? (sent from Khandeshwar)

what is status at Sion and Matunga 

what is the status at badlapur station  (sent from Vangani Stn.)

is everything ok from thane to Badlapur??? (sent from Sanpada Stn.)

badlapur to vikhroli ? (sent from Badlapur)

what is the status of Trains @ Dombivli (sent from Dombivli)

wht happen between thane n Mulund??? Trains are stuck why?? any idea (sent from Thane Stn.)

kalyan to badlapur any update?  (sent from Kalyan)

Dadar to Kalyan train status ?  (sent from Thakurli)

Thane CST trains have resumed? (sent from Thane)

how is sion and kurla station. trains are moving beyond those stations or not (sent from Thane Stn.)

5:59 train from dombivali??

bhau csr train kutli??? (sent from Kanjur Marg)

बदलापुर रेल्वे स्टेशनमधुन रेल्वे वेळेत चालु आहे का ? (sent from Badlapur)

what is issue are trains on time

what is the current train status from thane to down??

trains running from dombivli towards CST now? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

what's the issue (sent from Vangani Stn.)

where?? at station? (sent from Nahur Stn.)

dadar to vashi train chalu h kya ?

parel to kalyan is working?

what about sion (sent from Gtb Nagar Stn.)

people at home...who do not know any thing abt present status..pls do not post n create confusions (sent from Bandra)

plz inform,, is it raining at Kurla ?

what about 9.33 Kasara in thane

how are trains between thane and cstm on the central line? pls let know if they are indefinitely delayed. 

are karjat train on time or there is delay? (sent from Govandi)

what is the status for thane to badlapur trains (sent from Rabale Stn.)

thane to CST running or not?  (sent from Ghansoli Stn.)

what is status on kurla (sent from Govandi)

thane ka kunjvihar chalu hai kya?? (sent from Nahur)

where is the sahyadri express arriving? (sent from Dadar Stn.)

what's the status from Thane to chakkar please update (sent from Kalva)

but what's the status of train (sent from Titwala Stn.)

thane pe kab train aayega? (sent from Thane Stn.)

Dadar to kurla status ? (sent from Parel)

train late?

are train working between Dadar and Thane?

Thane Sion train chalu ahe kya ?

kalyan to badlapur?  (sent from Thane Stn.)

karjat janewali trains chalu hai na? is it after 2 clock? (sent from Thane)

thane cst chalu hai ? (sent from Belapur Cbd Stn.)

what about Kurla to Badlapur.? (sent from Vidyavihar Stn.)

what is a status of the trains  (sent from Dombivli)

kalyan to badlapur what is status (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

Did the train leave yet..?  (sent from Ambernath Stn.)

what about kp train reaching dadar at 0700 hrs (sent from Ambernath)

NEWS FROM MUMBAI CENTRAL RAILWAY................    BHAI LOG ITNA SARA CHAT  OR QUESTIONS KARKE KOI MATLAB MAHI BANTA.................      JO GHAR PE HE O SIRF READ KARE..........OR...... JO PLATFORM PE HE O UPDATE KARE........ TABHI KUCH REAL SOLUTION MILEGA.....     WE SHOULD CHANGE PLAZZ

Is there any problem at kalwa station as the train is positioned on the platform since the last 20 mins?  (sent from Kalva Stn.)

mumbra to cst local status ?

ambivali to titwala train working or not

are train running on time? (sent from Kalyan)

where is CST fast  (sent from Thane Stn.)

is there tain for thane to ambernath (sent from Mulund Stn.)

confirm hain??

I want to travel from shahad to vikhroli what the train status (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

is the trains on time frm dadar to kalyan??? (sent from Lower Parel)

Passenger of between CST and Thane plz avoid fast local as Ambernath And Titwala because for Thane there are many local from CST you can travel safe... It created Tomuch crowded when u catch fast local.. Plz think of others because for Ambernath and Titwala train are in 20 to 25 mins...  (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

Is there still water logging near matunga station?

what's a problem...central line.... why r slow??

what is the mega block window for tomorrow 15th jul

Slow or fast ? (sent from Mulund Stn.)

can someone please confirm if karjat trains are running? (sent from Matheran)

5.30 15 car  kalyan fast from dadar status? (sent from Mulund Stn.)

thna to pnvel? (sent from Thane Stn.)

are the trains running properly?? (sent from Shahad)

badlapur to CST? (sent from Badlapur)

what is the status of Sion station??? (sent from Mumbai Central)

plzz reply on it?? (sent from Dombivli)

what's the train statusis there any problem? (sent from Vithalwadi)

??

are dombivli to cst train running on time? (sent from Dombivli)

where is kasara train now? (sent from Shahad)

ok are u in train now? (sent from Nerul Stn.)

is 8:42 kasara fast cancelled? (sent from Byculla Stn.)

are the trains  on time? 

kalyan train status? anybody? (sent from Kalyan)

abhi mai ghar pe soya hua hu...aur waha College me ek Sir Compulsory lecture lera hai Abhi kya karu???😐 (sent from Ambernath)

vangani to karjat 10.55 karjat trian kuthe pariynt ahe  (sent from Vangani Stn.)

train status?

Mulund to Dombivali trains running ok na?? (sent from Mulund)

pakka na ? (sent from Kopar Stn.)

How is the situation from Curry Rd. or Dadar to Dombivli? (sent from Lower Parel)

Bhandup to thane ahe ka? (sent from Bhandup)

7:49 kalyan to thane atak gyi hai kya? (sent from Thane Stn.)

karjat - csmt train r late? (sent from Karjat Stn.)

any trains btw thane ghatkopar??

is the central line trains running on time..?? (sent from Andheri)

are the trains on time now? (sent from Ambernath Stn.)

From Kasara trains are on time?

is it easy to enter down fast train at ghatkopar at this time?

waiting for 2:46 Karjat train at Ulhasnagar station . no update or announcement for this train (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)

what's the train status in kalyan (sent from Masjid Stn.)

where reache ledies spl train ?? (sent from Mulund Stn.)

are trains running on time ? .... Reply plz ... (sent from Thakurli)

are trains working from CST to Kurla ?

accident or technical issue?  (sent from Nahur Stn.)

whats the status of central line towards thane ??

status for Kalyan CST???

ghatkopar to kasara???  (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

hello guys what's the situation at Kurla & chunabhatti (sent from Chunabhatti)

trains are there ? (sent from Matunga Road Stn.)

cst to thane update ??? (sent from Cst Stn.)

is Thane CST train running on time? sent from Thane 

pochinki ka train kaisa hai? (sent from Thane Stn.)

Trains are running between ghatkopar to thane ? (sent from Bhandup)

train chalu hai ? (sent from Dombivli)

why are 5he trains late towards kalyan (sent from Thane Stn.)

central status towards Kalyan?

What about train from dadar to dombivali (sent from Borivali Stn.)

Is there still waterfalls at thane station? I don't want to miss it..

what is problem in Kalyan station towards karjat route I m at Kalyan station in ambernath train (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

trains from Kalyan to mulund running on tym..? (sent from Kalyan)

11.40 karjt train @ badlapur stn  cancel hui hai kya ?? kindly pls update ?? its urgncy  (sent from Badlapur Stn.)

what the hell yaar (sent from Kurla Stn.)

Where is 10.53pm badlapur reached now

what is the status from cst to ambernath pls let me know anybody

dadar to thane working properly? (sent from Elphinstone Road)

status from dombivli to thane? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

what is the status off sion station

some Local 5 min late,...some are 10 to 15 min late... depend on from how far local are coming (sent from Kalva Stn.)

what is status of train in from thane to cst

wat is the train status? (sent from Vidyavihar)

Is there any fast train for csmt from thane (sent from Thane Stn.)

guys what's the status towards cst? (sent from Vidyavihar Stn.)

what status central line train (sent from Sandhurst Road Stn.)

are the trains working from Dombivali to kurla? (sent from Dombivli)

kalyan to thane bhi issue hai kya?

what is train status from thane to mumbra

vadala to panvel..trains are running or not ?  (sent from Santa Cruz)

are trains are running on time?? (sent from Jogeshwari)

any trains towards Karjat or Badlapur from thane station? (sent from Airoli Stn.)

What the hell are they annoucing?

 yeh hiii trains are working today for thane ??

what about fast trains? (sent from Vithalwadi Stn.)

ambernath cst status?? (sent from Ambernath)

what wrong with the train 8:03 karjat (sent from Dadar Stn.)

thane to Dombivali? (sent from Airoli)

are trains working frm thane? (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)

Trains are nt halt at where only 2 platform. (sent from Mulund Stn.)

khopoli train gaya kya kalva se?  (sent from Kalva Stn.)

cst to thane local chal Rahi hai? (sent from Cotton Green Stn.)

what is status from Bhandup to parel (sent from Bhandup)

are they fast trains towards csmt are running??  (sent from Kurla Stn.)

status of transharbour?

ladies first class is positioned wrongly n unsafe exactly between 2 gents compartments... in western line its not the case.. pls share ur views.. agree/disagree?  (sent from Chunabhatti Stn.)

what's the sheduel train from Dombivli

cst to thane train chal rhi hai. ?

are trains on time between Thane to Kalyan?

where is 1253 cst fast from Kalyan (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

any train from ambernath to cstm? (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)

kalyan to karjat train any update ? (sent from Kandivali Stn.)

status of KYN to Ghatkopar?? (sent from Kalyan)

Which train reach at shahad (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

??? (sent from Ambivli Stn.)

is there any water lodging pn tracks (sent from Borivali)

what is the status of 8.46 khopoli train from CST

Thane to ambernath? (sent from Thane)

Dadar Matunga barish ruk gayi hai kya? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

what is the status for central line

what is status of amber Nath to than. train 

tuje pata kya hua hai? (sent from Borivali Stn.)

anyone plz send latest status from ghatkopar station to cst station ? are water filled everywhere inside station (sent from Ghatkopar)

what abt khopoli fast???

what is status of Badlapur local? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

train on time ?

what about down trains from Mulund 

is there trains between neral& matheran???? (sent from Kalyan)

what about krjt trains? (sent from Neral Stn.)

r u sure? (sent from Vashi Stn.)

ambernath to kalyan train status? 

dadar to Thane status? (sent from Gtb Nagar Stn.)

what is the status of trains from Kalyan to cstm

trains chalu hai kya Ulhasnagar se? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

water logging over anywhere ? (sent from Shahad)

any update from sion station?? (sent from Mulund)

hello..what about the status of central train ?

what's the status of train? (sent from Vithalwadi)

what's status of central

why there is no vada pav stall at thakurli station (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

are the trains running properly towards cst?  (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

Are the trains working good from thane to cst?  (sent from Thane Stn.)

Ambarnath to Thane running?

what happens in kalyan St  (sent from Titwala Stn.)

water logging hai kya central main? (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)

central line trains are running late?  (sent from Elphinstone Road)

Stop asking Questions and post only the information which you have. This will only help all!  (sent from Mumbra Stn.)

what is updated status of central local trains (sent from Mumbai Central)

kya?

train on time or not? (sent from Diva Jn)

what about train guys of central raly

kurla se currey road????

how many late cst trains  (sent from Kurla Stn.)

what is the status for Sion to ghatkopar trains? (sent from Sion Stn.)

will be the train running in the evening? (sent from Mulund Stn.)

any one has Shahad station 10.05 train update?  (sent from Shahad)

how is central line now (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

What is status of local (sent from Andheri Stn.)

thane to airoli trains chalu hai kya? (sent from Masjid Stn.)

What is the running status of Central Line

what is the status at Kalyan Station.. (sent from Shahad)

where? train hill b nai rai (sent from Nahur Stn.)

what is current train status in central suburbs (sent from Kalyan)

status from dadar to thane? (sent from Dadar Stn.)

is there any issue on pune- mumbai railyway route?

where is cst train  (sent from Mulund Stn.)

what is the status of kasara cstm train from atgaon 3:11Pm

where ia karjat 11:54 from thane? 

kanjur to vidyavihar status Kya hai?? (sent from Kanjur Marg)

Trains are running smoothly from Byculla to thane ? (sent from Byculla Stn.)

kal megablock hai kya? (sent from Vashi)

where is asangaon local (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

any update from ambernath to cst???  (sent from Ghansoli)

Airoli to ghansoli chalu hai kya? (sent from Airoli)

are trains running from cst to Thane?? (sent from vidyavihar) (sent from Vidyavihar Stn.)

8.58 from Thane CSMT where it is stuck??  (sent from Thane Stn.)

Central line running fine? (sent from Currey Road Stn.)

where is thane karjat train 8.39 (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

are train from Ghatkopar towards Thane on time?

karjat trains ?

train towards ambernath are running?

what about thane to cst (sent from Koparkhairne Stn.)

Dombivali train are on time ? (sent from Dombivli)

kasara se kalyan ki train chalu hai kya?

train status?? (sent from Dombivli)

is trains running from thane to karjat??

train are working  ??

are trains on time? thane to cst? (sent from Kalva)

what about status  Dombivali  to Ambarnath train??? 

where is kasara-cst (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

can any one tell me Kasara to kalyan is working or not? (sent from Kalyan)

what is the condition of Thane station? (sent from Dombivli)

train time par h kya ???? (sent from Dombivli)

any water log at kalva..?? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

7:00 am ...where it reach  (sent from Vangani Stn.)

cst status? (sent from Mumbra Stn.)

trains for thane to ambernath? (sent from Vashi Stn.)

is 7:26 arrived at Ulhasnagar? (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)

anybody knows about metro? 😅

what is the problem  in between vithalwadi and kalyan? Now 11.18 CSTM local from Badlapur stuck  before vithalwadi.  (sent from Vithalwadi Stn.)

what is the status of Central line train????

where is the kasara train now (sent from Thakurli Stn.)

r trains running from bhandup to cst?? (sent from Nahur)

Kalyan to CSTM local chalu ahe ka?  (sent from Sandhurst Road)

what situation in kalyan (sent from Kalyan)

Kalyan to kanjur local is working? (sent from Dombivli)

ghatkopar, kurla, Sion me pani bhara hai kya????  (sent from Kalva Stn.)

why trains are late . any idea (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

Thane dadar running on time????  (sent from Airoli)

any trains getting cancelled  ? 

what is status of central line for down side? plz respond asap.  thanks (sent from Airoli Stn.)

Thane to Ulhasnagar trains are running or not?

thane to kanjurmarg chal rhi hai kya? (sent from Nahur Stn.)

there is no anouncement in train also why its stopped between mulund and thane (sent from Mulund)

Badlapur to CST on time hae kya ? Mulund timing 4:08

what is the status of Vasind kalyan train (sent from Vasind Stn.)

any issue again...? 

what is status of 7:57 csmt slow train from Kalyan? (sent from Ghatkopar)

any water blockage update at any station?

badlapur thane local status? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

what is status of central line

what about kalyan to asangaon any updates please?

are where is CST to kasara train (sent from Asangaon Stn.)

current Location?

thane to CST Whts the status...? 

diva to cst train position??? (sent from Diva Jn)

trains are on tym? badlapurkar plz rply

are the trains running on time from dombivali to Kurla? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

kalyan to Karjat train services chalice hai? (sent from Turbhe)

everyone is just asking... but no 1 reply to them... how we all come to know what is the status (sent from Vashi Stn.)

when its gonns fix?? (sent from Mahalakshmi Stn.)

what is the status from kasara

hai yeh kya message hai??

thane?

dadar to ghatkopar any problem?? (sent from Manasarovar Stn.)

Are trains working between thane Dombivili ??

are trains on time from badlapur??? (sent from Badlapur)

cst khopoli kuthe pohochli? (sent from Karjat Stn.)

Kalyan to Thane? (sent from Shahad)

karjat to csmt as usual?

are karjat khopoli trains on time?? (sent from Thane)

is Indrayani express(mumbai to pune) is on time??  (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

how are trains from thane to kharghar (sent from Kanjur Marg)

what's current status from badlapur to csmt???  (sent from Vangani Stn.)

trains are working ?

are central trains running? (sent from Mahalakshmi)

are fast trains running from cst to pune?? (sent from Cst Stn.)

trains are  running from Dadar to Badlapur???? (sent from Elphinstone Road Stn.)

what is status from byculla to mumbra (sent from Byculla Stn.)

prasad tu ahes ka..torana? (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)

are trains working from dadar to ambernath? (sent from Andheri Stn.)

why the trains are delayed?  (sent from Mumbra Stn.)

where is fast train 7.52 from Badlapur  (sent from Badlapur Stn.)

thane to dadar on time?? (sent from Sanpada)

?? (sent from Belapur Cbd Stn.)

need local train update what's app @7718050505 (sent from Vithalwadi)

what about central .line (sent from Nilje)

Are Thane to CST trains on time? 

sachme?

what about train status  in karjat

has the problem solved ? shall I take 9.10 Thane slow or take auto ? any suggestions (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

have you crossed Thane now ? (sent from Mulund Stn.)

are central line trains working? (sent from Andheri)

in a slow train...should I consider switching to fast?

wht abt badlapur dadar ???train Status (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)

need to head to Airoli from Vidya vihar via Thane? are trains running fine? (sent from Vidyavihar)

arey train working towards shahad??? (sent from Byculla)

are trains running from Thane to Kalyan? (sent from Vithalwadi)

dadar to badlapur chalu he kya ? (sent from Charni Road Stn.)

tomorrow it will be there or not ?? (sent from Masjid Stn.)

what about karjat train (sent from Thane Stn.)

pls update where is kasara train 9:32 Thane (sent from Rabale)

central line ki hal kya hai?

if any one have complete their resign process what should they do????

Kasara to CST???

it's raining what in mumbai... so I can take leave.... because train r also late  (sent from Mulund Stn.)

anyone knows about kasara trains???  (sent from Kopar)

can any update about the central railway? is central railway running on time or there is some delay?  (sent from Kurla Stn.)

any train delay issue towards karjat ?? (sent from Malad)

what is a issue 

anyone at mulund or nahur or bhandup?? any train left from these stations for thane side like for Kalyan  (sent from Thane Stn.)

 train from parel running or not?? (sent from Elphinstone Road)

kurla --> vikroli train hai kya? (sent from Juinagar)

hi what is the train status (sent from Kanjur Marg)

titwala train is available? (sent from Nahur Stn.)

thana to dombivli chalu hai kya?

it's heavy, cloudy,... Sion me पाणी Kyu nhi भरा आज? 🤣🤣 (sent from Badlapur)

what is rain position in thane (sent from Ambernath Stn.)

What is the issue (sent from Elphinstone Road Stn.)

trains to CST are on time??  (sent from Goregaon Stn.)

central line matunga to ghatkopar? (sent from Matunga Stn.)

why trains are late (sent from Thane Stn.)

Checking Central line update ? (sent from Airoli Stn.)

is there all central railways are online (sent from Vikhroli)

pani bharne ke karan trains bohat lte he aur kuch cancel.he (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

diva to can't trains???

Are the trains running on time??  (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)

dombvali to ambarnath train chalu aahe ka?

kasara to Kalyan? (sent from Vithalwadi)

train status kurla to thane? (sent from Tilak Nagar)

ambernath train 2.14 @thane what's the status (sent from Thane Stn.)

where did u reached sumit (sent from Shahad Stn.)

ac local kab chalu hogi ??? (sent from Santa Cruz)

what's the train update (sent from Saphale)

status btwn kyn to thane..?

trains from Thane to Cstm are working fine? (sent from Ghansoli Stn.)

what is the train situation right now

CST fast ka status kya h?? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

train status on central line??? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

Are Thane to Ghatkopar trains running on time? 

where is Kasara local now (sent from Shahad Stn.)

are trains running from ghatkopar to kalyan???

trains shahad se chlu h kyaaa ??? (sent from Shahad)

what is problem in center line train is running very slowly

ट्रेन चालू आहे का ? (sent from Titwala Stn.)

Is trains are right time ??? (sent from Vikhroli)

What is issue (sent from Shahad)

are trains running on tym from thane to Kalyan? (sent from Airoli)

where is Kasara any update plz (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

what about train from Nerul to tilaknagar...is it clear or on time? (sent from Nerul Stn.)

ghatkopar to karjat train ka status Kya hai?

kalyan se dadar train chalu hai kya? please reply (sent from Vithalwadi)

are trains on time? (sent from Vidyavihar)

what is the status from thane to kalyan (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

central line working??

where is 8:20 local to karjat from badlapur

 what's the stTus  (sent from Ambernath Stn.)

what about fast tract of central? (sent from Lower Parel)

what is situation at sion...is there water logging on track..

Is main line okay today ?

trains r working from Kurla to Kalyan ??? it's raining very heavily in Kurla 

kalyan to asangaon..?  (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

is local running at kalyan to thane ????? 

train status from bl?  (sent from Badlapur)

what about khopoli train 

is there any issue between ambernath to Ghatkopar (sent from Ambernath)

are trains from Thane to CST on time?

what is the status from dadar to kalyan?? (sent from Goregaon)

train Kitna time late chal rhi hai?

kya haal h train ka ?

are trains working? (sent from Jogeshwari)

what is the delay duration. (sent from Vashi Stn.)

what about thane to dombivli (sent from Thane Stn.)

status for fast train from thane ?? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

what is the status of trains in central line ? (sent from Ghatkopar)

what about central line?

sion me pani bhara hai kya? (sent from Dadar Stn.)

are trains available from thane to dombivali ?? (sent from Juinagar Stn.)

Are trains running beyond Thane? 

aaj chutti declared ki hai kya? (sent from Bhandup)

how are trains from CST to Vikhroli running?

badlapur fast local ka kya status h? (sent from Bhandup Stn.)

Is der a mega block tdy? (sent from Thane)

is there any improvement ? (sent from Bhandup)

what is the status of ghatkopar??? (sent from Kopar Stn.)

kalyan jane ko train hai ki nahi ulhasnagar se? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

Are trains on time asangav to csmt ?

is 5:46 Ambarnath cancelled?  (sent from Cst Stn.)

ky huwa he central line ko? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

??? (sent from Koparkhairne)

Thane to mumbra chalu hai?  (sent from Koparkhairne)

how is the crowd in traims (sent from Airoli Stn.)

kurla to thane ?

dombivli to thane train status? (sent from Dombivli)

karjat local status??  (sent from Koparkhairne Stn.)

what was the mishap?

train status? (sent from Tilak Nagar Stn.)

fast trains are on time ??

central line train on time ?  (sent from Chembur)

towards csmt trains are late ??? (sent from Kalva Stn.)

trains on time? 

Train Slow hai kya ? (sent from Andheri Stn.)

where is 5:45 (at dombivli) cst fast train?? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

thane to cst train status? (sent from Mulund Stn.)

are trains running? are the stations waterlogged? (sent from Ambernath)

what about kurlato kapyan? (sent from Kurla Stn.)

what is train status of Kalyan to cst (sent from Shahad)

where is an local now at time ambivali 9.17 am (sent from Ambivli Stn.)

local trains stopped any where due to rain,

cst to thane? (sent from Andheri)

central line train is running on time? (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)

when?? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

cst to thane trains are working? (sent from Bhiwandi Road Stn.)

can anybody plz tell wat is status of Vikhroli stn?? (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)

Train status from thane to vikroli? (sent from Koparkhairne)

anyone traveling from Dombivli to Thane by car??  (sent from Dombivli)

sion to thane local chalu hai..?? ky (sent from Gtb Nagar)

what problems bro  (sent from Airoli)

what about Train status central line 

what is the status of cst to kasara trains?

Dadar Matunga mai barish ruk gayi hai kya? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

?? (sent from Kalva)

ambarnath to thane anyone?? please

what is the problem on central down slow track ??? (sent from Kalva Stn.)

what about thane to ghatkopat (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)

kurla to dadar chalu hai Kya??

what is the current train status

is there train late (sent from Dadar Stn.)

trains working? 

what about Thane to kalyan (sent from Koparkhairne Stn.)

ambarnath Jane ke liye train chalu hai kya?  (sent from Kanjur Marg)

is it tru that water has logged in kalwa?? (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)

up and down both trains r late?  (sent from Kurla)

becuase thane train aya aur indicator pe ambarnath hai... how we can know.... if we jst arrived on pltfrm (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)

train is there or not

how is status between sion kurla  (sent from Badlapur)

csmt to kasara trains on time he kay??

only semi fast and fast running on central?  (sent from Mumbra Stn.)

what about ambernath thane train (sent from Ambernath)

is there any issue on central line?? (sent from Ambivli)

are train from thane to kalyan running?

till thane trains are running ? (sent from Kopar Stn.)

is there any problem?

is there any delay in train? (sent from Airoli Stn.)

Currey Road to Vikroli Trains chalu ahet ka? (sent from Lower Parel)

kurla to thane trains are running?? (sent from Chunabhatti)

9.32 cst - kasara left from cst?

what's about airoli to Thane  (sent from Airoli Stn.)

what time it will start? (sent from Neral Stn.)

does the trains are working on time??? (sent from Thane)

thane cst train working??  (sent from Kharghar)

kurla to dadar? (sent from Vashi Stn.)

kasara train cancel hui he kya ?? (sent from Thane Stn.)

what about Abernath ....? (sent from Vikhroli)

Are the trains from Thane to CST working?

What is the status of slow locals from Kalyan to CSMT?

centrail railway running? (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)

are the trains on??  (sent from Andheri)

any issue for trains running towards Thane from dadar? (sent from Dahisar Stn.)

trains are delay ????? (sent from Vithalwadi)

train is going from mankhurd to belapur or not? (sent from Mankhurd)

कल्याण साईङला जाणार्र ट्रेन चालु आहेत का? (sent from Thane)

any chance of getting train from Sannta Cruz to CST? 

what about Kalyan CST fast train? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

today train are working or not ????

is there any problem going on while going cst (sent from Mulund Stn.)

kurla to thane ?

what's d status of parel and thane? (sent from Elphinstone Road Stn.)

Are trains on time? (sent from Dombivli)

any update on central line from ambarnath to cst?

what about vasind to cst (sent from Vasind)

Thane User are really trains stopped? (sent from Kalyan)

is 1020 Kalyan fast from ghatkopar on time?

mumbra se train chai hai kya?

kasara trains???

are central line train working?

thane to kalyan running ? (sent from Kalva)

why are the trains late? (sent from Badlapur Stn.)

I really has to know, Is there any local train for dadar from badlapur? (sent from Badlapur)

what about Kasara fast local from Ghatkopar (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

currey road to thane status?

Ambetnath Slow local of 10:22 which was halted at kalyan station for more than 50 mins has been cancelled and converted to CST spl (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

any problem lonavala?? (sent from Ambernath)

now what? (sent from Chunabhatti)

are trains functional downwards from currey road to Thane? (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)

how many minutes delay Mumbai CST traine (sent from Kurla Stn.)

train from badlapur r available or not

thane to kalyan trains are working ?

is it running on time sandeep? (sent from Vithalwadi)

when it crossed to thane (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)

Where is train for ambernath (sent from Kurla Stn.)

why train are stucked (sent from Mulund Stn.)

what is the current status of kasara @1:09 from Mulund (sent from Mulund Stn.)

is their any water blockage on kalyan thane route?

Kalyan to Vikhroli trains status please??

train is in time...???

are there or not

what about trains from Dombivali to CST ? (sent from Thakurli)

central line train are on time? (sent from Bhayander)

kalyan strain atatus?  (sent from Kalyan)

all up side trains are on time ? (sent from Thane)

what about status of central line fast track (sent from Bhivpuriroad Stn.)

kurla to dadar working? (sent from Juinagar Stn.)

Karjat to kalyan train running?

what's the update from Mulund to kalyan (sent from Kanjur Marg)

what's status of train from thane to ghatkopar (sent from Koparkhairne)

kal Maharashtra Bandh hai kya?? (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)

raining in kurla? (sent from Badlapur)

Current status of central line?? (sent from Tilak Nagar)

central train are working right?? (sent from Lower Parel)

train from badlapur to cst ?? any update (sent from Badlapur Stn.)

any train frm dombivli to badlapur?

any one at mulund station ? mulund to dombivli train updates plz? (sent from Mulund Stn.)

Dadar Jane wale trains time pe hai na ?? (sent from Dombivli)

is all locals running

Bhandup to thane is slow ?!?  (sent from Bhandup Stn.)

kya status h thane Kaa?  paani bhara h kyaa?  (sent from Thakurli Stn.)

 does trains goes beyond Sion? (sent from Thane Stn.)

karjat train are running in time a what (sent from Sewri Stn.)

any dombivli csmt train at this hr? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

I have to travel from ambernath to Thane. is train are on time ??? (sent from Ambernath Stn.)

where is kalyan dombivali kasara any coming thane?? (sent from Thane Stn.)

ambernath to cst yes or no???? (sent from Ambernath Stn.)

train from diva to vasai working ? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

asangaon train left from ghatkopar?  (sent from Andheri Stn.)

central railway on time?

central line working or not on time tell me status please??  (sent from Ghansoli)

karjat se kalyan trains status kya hai ??

Are trains running from Mulund to Badlapur? (sent from Mulund)

is 9:06 dombivli to cst train cancelled? (sent from Dombivli)

६.१४ डोंबिवली (घाटकोपर पासून) च्या आधीच्या ट्रेन्स मुलुंड चया पुढे गेल्या आहेत का???? (sent from Nahur Stn.)

How's DADAR Thane route?  (sent from Jogeshwari)

help me with the train status between thane and CST ?

train are working from dadar to thane?? (sent from Kalva Stn.)

Central railway  status ? Thane la  BADLAPUR 

are train working forGhatkopar to dadar dadar ? (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

कल्याण - कर्जत ट्रेन चालू आहेत का.?

what about kalyan to badlapur i want going home to badlapur pls ... (sent from Ghatkopar)

what is the current status (sent from Kalyan)

gratkopar to Thane and airoli running?

Hi Is this Train working from ghatkoper to Thane?

status? (sent from Kalyan)

Kalyan CSMT ladies special status kya hai?  (sent from Mulund)

are trains from thane to cst working fine???

where is sihagad? not yet arrived (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

मरे वेळेत आहे का ? (sent from Dativali Stn.)

shayad to Ghatkopar train chalu hai? (sent from Shahad)

are slow train from kalyan to csmt working?? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

Kalyan to Dadar train  running on time? (sent from Kalyan)

6.40 Thane train from currey road canceled ? (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)

is indrayani express running late or right time? (sent from Badlapur)

trains from vikroli to Sion running on time?  (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)

where is 1:32 CST train which comes from kasara (sent from Kharghar)

Stuck in Thane train at Bhandup in slow line,  whether slow line started?  (sent from Bhandup Stn.)

what is status at dombivli station ? 

wat about kalyan to cst???

slow trains are running properly?

kalyan to titwala train running??? (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)

hello... Trains are really canclled from thane?? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

what about trains from ullhasnagar to thane?

is there any problem in central railway?? (sent from Kanjur Marg)

what is the status at kurla? (sent from Juinagar Stn.)

what happend in kalyan stn platform no 7  (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

cst to thane ? 

ghatkoper to thane?

what's train status towards kalyan (sent from Turbhe)

Dadar to Ambarnath train chal rahi hai kya? please reply. (sent from Dahisar)

Are the train's  working from Ghatkopar to Thane? (sent from Ghatkopar)

Airoli to thane working ??? (sent from Airoli Stn.)

8.18 badlapur -thane??  (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

really where our tax Money goes ?~ only during and After elections ..

what's the status of tran harbour

what about Titwala to Thane  (sent from Titwala Stn.)

diva to cst trains????  (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)

from vasind to csmt what's states train 

K.J.Somaiya ha? Pani bhara hai kya clg me?  (sent from Kalyan)

why trains are to let today.?? (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)

status of kalyan to train?? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

gitanjali exp chat plz

what railway is announcing  (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

what about Dombivli to Csmt?

kasara to cst train chalu hai?

whether trains running upto Ulhasnagar? (sent from Bhandup)

trains on time? (sent from Rabale Stn.)

04.24 CST train from Kasara left??

from kasara to Thane?

what's the current train status (sent from Dombivli)

what's update about badlapur thane train  (sent from Badlapur)

thane to cst proper trains? hai ya nhi (sent from Thane)

CST to Thane train status? (sent from Currey Road Stn.)

from Kalyan I am on 10.41 kurla which is late by 10 minutes  (sent from Kalyan)

Now what is the status of central line  (sent from Bhandup)

from kurla to dadar?? (sent from Juinagar Stn.)

what about down locals?? kurla to kalya.??  (sent from Chembur)

what about Kalyan badlapur route

are all central line trains on time ?? (sent from Santa Cruz)

where is kalyan 9.02 (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

thane to cst??

ghatkopar to cst, trains  are runnig?? 

Where is it?

??? (sent from Vasai Road)

ambernath train 3:24 ki kaha hai??? (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)

western ka alag chat box h (sent from Vidyavihar Stn.)

what is the condition of central railway (sent from Kalyan)

thane to kalyan? ny updates pls share

??

are trains working properly ????

is their any train from dombivli towards karjat? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

then where are they going because at Parel no trains have come since half an hour...  (sent from Elphinstone Road Stn.)

is there any train  near ghatkopar towards cst (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

todays is mega block or not?

what about train from ambernath to dadar ??? (sent from Elphinstone Road Stn.)

should I leave for kanjur from Thane or not?

what is problem now (sent from Kalva Stn.)

any issue between nahur and Mulund.?? (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)

मध्य रेल्वे ट्रेन चालू आहेत का ? (sent from Chembur Stn.)

CST to dadar aahet ka? (sent from Dockyard Road)

are Central trains running on time ? (sent from Vithalwadi)

kurla Vidyavihar kay update ahe ?? (sent from Elphinstone Road)

are trains in time?

doesnt look like people who are travelling are interested to reply...  lols (sent from Goregaon)

Trains towards CST from Karjat???(sent from Neral) (sent from Vangani Stn.)

what about cst fast trains  from Kalyan?

8:54 Badlapur fast local from CST , what's the location of the train (sent from Vithalwadi Stn.)

thane- Neral?

please update Ghatkopar to cst train ,? (sent from Vidyavihar)

status of cst kalyan train? (sent from Kurla Stn.)

are the trains from CST to karjat working???? (sent from Malad)

CST se fast train Kalyan tak ki byculla rukti hai kya?

is central line for Kasara running on time?? (sent from Mahalakshmi)

Are trains running in central line?  (sent from Mulund)

will it be possible for me to reach vasai via diva now.....????? (sent from Neral Stn.)

is there heavy rain Towards Asangaon ????

आज लोकल ट्रेन वेळेवर आहेत का? (sent from Koparkhairne)

train on time? (sent from Mumbra)

Kalyan to Dadar what is the position

are train late ?? (sent from Kanjur Marg)

what is tha train status from dadar to kalyan (sent from Lower Parel)

trains are working ?

what about central line vadala to Andheri

thane Titwala train  are running ? (sent from Kalva)

कुर्ला में पाणी जमा हो गया हे क्या ?

wats status of train aftr thane? (sent from Kalva Stn.)

are trains on tym? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

Thane to  c s t ? (sent from Thane)

what about KARJAT CSMT trains?

Kurla Ghatkopar any idea? (sent from Cst)

what is the train schedule from ulhasnagar (sent from Vithalwadi)

Any update from kurla ? (sent from Kurla Stn.)

आसनगाव ठाणे लोकल कुठे आहे? (sent from Thakurli Stn.)

CST ke trains time pe hai kya? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

Kalyan to Thane Kya status hai? (sent from Kalyan)

cst to badlapur chalu hai kya? (sent from Cst Stn.)

kurla to dadar running train ? (sent from Govandi)

are trains running frm Ambarnath to thane? pls confirm (sent from Ambernath)

9.38 from mulund is gone? (sent from Mulund Stn.)

what is the train status of 12.37 thane train from neral (sent from Neral Stn.)

train chalu hai kya? 

train is on time?

dombivali to CST any delay? (sent from Dombivli)

trains are running ? (sent from Masjid Stn.)

trains are working properly..??  (sent from Vithalwadi)

ghatkoper to Sion trains working?  (sent from Andheri Stn.)

are trains running from Vikhroli to cst? (sent from Kanjur Marg)

what is the status of Badalapur to CSMT train 

journey from thane to bandra is easy or not trains r late or not?

what is train status from ghatkopar to cstm (sent from Ghatkopar)

where is 10:32 asangoan train?  (sent from Shahad Stn.)

mulumd to kanjurmarg working?

trains are running or not? (sent from Mumbra Stn.)

what is the problem betwn NAHUR (sent from Bhandup Stn.)

train status titwala to kurla?? (sent from Titwala)

karjat trn 6.42 left? (sent from Karjat Stn.)

train status down towards kalyan from thane? (sent from Vithalwadi)

what is train status (sent from Rabale Stn.)

?  (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)

train status?

shahad se thane train status? (sent from Shahad)

status for asongoan trains ?  (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

thane to dadar status? (sent from Ghansoli)

which train ? dombivali? (sent from Dombivli)

 divert hi chukee he kyaa trauns ?? (sent from Dombivli)

are trains running from Kurla to Kalyan?? (sent from Vadala Road)

asangaon train?? koi hai 8.43 Jo thane aati hai? (sent from Thane Stn.)

what problem in central line (sent from Thane)

what is the position of Central line services?

new???  (sent from Kalyan)

what about status of train towards cst (sent from Kanjur Marg)

vithalwadi to badlapur train status?? (sent from Shahad Stn.)

any problem in central line?

Whats the status from kurla to thane??? (sent from Tilak Nagar)

Traffic jam?? Idiots  (sent from Kalva Stn.)

central line trains are running on time?

indrani express is on time ??? (sent from Dombivli)

The Sakal Maratha organisation has called for a bandh in Mumbai, Thane, Navi Mumbai, Palghar and Raigad districts, demanding Chief Minister Devendra Fadnavis’ resignation. The agitation, which seeks reservation for Marathas in jobs and education, took a violent turn on Tuesday,  (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

if trains running well then why peoples said there is problem at thane station rail ruko n all why is this they spell it?

are the trains working?  (sent from Vashi Stn.)

is there any problem at Thane station? (sent from Thane)

is there any prblm in central line (sent from Bhandup)

hie.. what is the status of Central line train?  (sent from Mahalakshmi Stn.)

anybody at cst or nearby area.. is it still raining there? (sent from Ambernath Stn.)

what is the status of local train from badlapur to csmt (sent from Badlapur)

what's a problem between shahad stn and kalyan train halting about one hour 

 what about sevagrams status

is thane to csmt running?

what abt Dadar to ambernath (sent from Mumbai Central Stn.)

any info about 11:30 cst fast train from Dombivali? still not arrived... any current info?  (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

no trains at dadar what's the problem (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)

now iam mulund going to ulhasnagar what is status

Train titwala k liye chalu hai kya pls..?

Kalyan - kasara working fine? 

Trains band?  (sent from Shahad)

Kalwa mein track pe pani bhara h kya? Any update (sent from Mumbra Stn.)

iam in airoli now kya muze 10.52 की thane - cst milegi?  (sent from Airoli Stn.)

what is status between Dadar to csmt (sent from Jogeshwari)

slow trains to cst?? (sent from Matunga Road Stn.)

what about Ambernath to cst 

what's the status of Central line...!  (sent from Koparkhairne)

any announcement at thane station? (sent from Nahur Stn.)

??? (sent from Malad)

Badlapur se Kalyan train chalu hai kya?? (sent from Kalyan)

karjat se Nikal rha h trains??

what's the status of this train (sent from Badlapur Stn.)

kalyan to Ambernath trains working? 

2:8 csmt to Badlapur status? (sent from Thane)

what is the problem (sent from Neral)

what is the train status from dombivli to mulund? 

are trains from Dombivli to CST on time? (sent from Dombivli)

what's up date on today

what is current status about centrail line (sent from Kalyan)

what a status of central railway

what's the status of 8:36 local from Thane to CST ? (sent from Thane Stn.)

what is the rain status in thane plzzz friends tell me...??? (sent from Badlapur)

Hey I want to travel kayan to ghatkopar is it advisable? (sent from Shahad)

what r the mega block at central rly  (sent from Borivali Stn.)

status of central line trains?

Dadar to thane running train yes ya no???? (sent from Matunga Road Stn.)

cst going slow trains are running late.. did something happen ?

anybody at dombivli station?  (sent from Dombivli)

dadar to thane status? (sent from Chembur)

what is the issues of slow train  (sent from Sion Stn.)

any water logging at kurla?

?? (sent from Kalva)

Is central line working???

why have they striked out some train timings? Are they cancelled for tomorrow? (sent from Kalva)

kanjurmarg to Thane trains are working? (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)

mulund to ambernath ??? (sent from Bhandup Stn.)

dadar dombivali train on time?

any train left from Kalyan ???? (sent from Thakurli Stn.)

hiiii...what is status of mail train leaving from CST please update

Khopoli Karjat train chalu ahet ka ?? (sent from Khopoli Stn.)

what about from cst station (sent from Cst Stn.)

hey guyz doest anyone know what is problem between kalwa to mumbra.. train no not moving from last 40 min ?

what status दादर to kurla..  (sent from Nalla Sopara Stn.)

you are at which station ? (sent from Titwala Stn.)

how u are updating each local status?? (sent from Shahad)

 thane to dadar working??

are there trains from badlapur ??

kalyan se train time par hai kya? (sent from Kalyan)

what's the train status

did trains are on time??

guys, what is the train situation between thane and Dombivli (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

thane-ghatkopar? (sent from Belapur Cbd Stn.)

is there water logging or not (sent from Gtb Nagar)

what about mega block (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

when did all this happen  (sent from Ambernath)

what about Vasai Diva train (sent from Bhiwandi Road Stn.)

why train stopped after chinchpokali towards cst (sent from Chinchpokli Stn.)

where is thane badlapur train? is it on time (sent from Thane Stn.)

CSMT to Vidyavihar. any update? (sent from Cst)

Heavy raining at kalyan, same in mumbai? pl. update some (sent from Kalyan)

diva to csmt trains??? (sent from Dativali)

train aaya kya fir? 

trains on time? from thane

all down local r runing on time? (sent from Vithalwadi)

what is sts of central line is working

Vikhroli badlapur train 5:55 is on right time? (sent from Bhandup Stn.)

trains towards thane from Kalyan. any update? (sent from Shahad)

can you share link please? (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)

ambernath to thane?

kurla to kalyan train runnings properly ???? (sent from Ghansoli)

but what the issue

guys what is the status of the trains from DOMBIVLI to CST? (sent from Dombivli)

train status.??? (sent from Vithalwadi)

what is the status of kasara trains (sent from Atgan Stn.)

from kalyan to csmt what is possition (sent from Taloja)

6.51 at dombivli fast train on time??? (sent from Sandhurst Road)

go by walking thts when u reached faster today

kasra to kalyan train chalu hai kya?

thanese cst ke liye thane local laga rahe hai ya sab upper ki hi aa rahi hai?? (sent from Nahur)

where is 7.55 kasara

any updates regarding thane to cst?

train are working or not

what is the status of Thane? (sent from Kandivali)

kurla to kalyan chalu hai Kya???? please reply ke any one know  (sent from Jogeshwari)

are trains working?

Sion, Mulund aise jagah Paani bhara hai kya ? (sent from Kings Circle)

Dombivali se CST train chalu hai???

are trains running between cst to thane?? (sent from Grant Road)

titwala to cst trains r working..???

is 7:42 Ambernath @,mulund is behind titwala? (sent from Mulund Stn.)

kasara to cst is train started or not

Karjat train????? (sent from Neral Stn.)

bhandup madhe rickshaw chalu aahet ka..?  (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)

Vicky bro,what is this? (sent from Shahad)

hi all ...any update of central trains?? (sent from Koparkhairne)

what about thane.. (sent from Bhandup)

when time train for ambivali from dombivali (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

pakka?  (sent from Shahad)

are central line local trains running smoothly? (sent from Shahad)

dadar to dombiivili?  (sent from Santa Cruz)

is there megablock tomorrow? (sent from Thane)

Kalyan - thane trains on time?? (sent from Vithalwadi)

How about Sion ? Is it  fine there ?

Kalyan to cst? (sent from Shahad)

kalyan se cst k liye trains chalu hai kya?? (sent from Vithalwadi)

बदलापुर वरून सीएसटी कडे जाणाऱ्या ट्रेन वेळेवर आहे का? (sent from Badlapur)

diva to dadar trains ? (sent from Dativali Stn.)

what is the status of trains from Mumbra ?? (sent from Mumbra)

really ???

what happened

cst to thane trains??? (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)

kalyan to vikhroli train cha kaay status aahes?? (sent from Kalyan)

7:52 Ambernath fast status ?

Thane se koi bolo?  (sent from Kalva)

Mega block when start vittgalwadi to ghatkopar (sent from Vithalwadi)

thane to dombivli train chalu hai kya?  (sent from Kalva)

Dadar to CSTM trains Status ??? (sent from Kandivali)

what is the status of trains from Dadar to ghatkopar (sent from Dadar Stn.)

What is the status of trains (sent from Matunga Road Stn.)

what is the status ghatkopar to thane (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

Central line is working or not? (sent from Airoli)

is there any problem on Central line near kalyan (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

R trains late today from kalyan ??

to what 

ask not what country has given you tell me what you have given two different and it is nothing else but that tax (sent from Kharghar Stn.)

 what's wrong between mulund and nahur on slow track 

r trains runing from thane to kalyan? (sent from Ghansoli)

any fast train at kalyan station?? 

how long is it taking to reach dadar from thane? (sent from Thane)

LBS ka kya haal h? (sent from Vikhroli)

r trains running on time? (sent from Shahad)

how much more rain needed to stop the trains?

what is the time of kasara in dombavali is it on time (sent from Mumbra Stn.)

is there any problem from Kurla to CST? 

is there any problem from ulhasnagar to dadar track ? (sent from Kalyan)

what is the status of Titwala CST train (sent from Titwala)

what is the status of Badlapur to CST station?? (sent from Badlapur)

Niklu kya?  (sent from Thane Stn.)

is dombivli to thane train working??? (sent from Thakurli Stn.)

is Central Line  Train running on time ???

any problems? with trains

are the trains running smoothly from Kalyan till Thane?

what is the status of central line trains

is trains working?

KP..?? (sent from Badlapur Stn.)

kurla se Dombivali safe he na jana? abhi is waqt? (sent from Kings Circle)

whyy but what's issue (sent from Vile Parle)

thanks...but at wat tym?bcoz indicator Thane is not mentioned it's directly halt at kalyan (sent from Nahur Stn.)

are trains running on central line?

where is 8.55 assangoan local at Titwala.. (sent from Titwala Stn.)

wht is the status? from ghatkopar to mulund? (sent from Mulund)

kalyan karjat train chalu hua hai kya.?

where is karjat trn? (sent from Karjat Stn.)

are trains running to Badlapur? (sent from Vashi Stn.)

pls confirm trains situation from mulund? (sent from Mulund)

ccentral line train is running or not??? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

what is the situation from Dadar to Churchgate (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)

any update from dadar to kalyan?  (sent from Mumbai Central Stn.)

central line ka kya hal hai? (sent from Dativali)

what is d situation in Dombivali?? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

is train is running from dombivli to dadar? (sent from Dombivli)

Whats the status from Ghatkopar to kalyan? any idea?

thane to krjt ahet ka train ?? update  (sent from Koparkhairne)

any local from dadar to vidyavihar ? (sent from Parel Stn.)

what is train status right now  (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

Today is my First day of  my new Job.. And my local is late 35 min.. ..I don't know what will happen

train towards badlapur is stranded on the way towards kalyan since last 30 minutes...don't know what is the issue  (sent from Kalyan)

any one for beer ? (sent from Airoli Stn.)

why today csmt train let 30 min plz reply (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)

what about local train States badlapur to cst (sent from Badlapur)

what is the trains position (sent from Tilak Nagar)

sinhagad exp chalu hai Kya? (sent from Koparkhairne Stn.)

what was the train status?  (sent from Bhandup)

Mumbai to Pune mail express chalu hai kya?  (sent from Kalyan)

kurla to titwala what status

cst to kalyan chalu hai kya? (sent from Elphinstone Road Stn.)

wht abt mulund to kalyn train?is it working properly, plz let me know (sent from Mulund Stn.)

are central trains working?

are train running on time? 

train between Bhandup and thane...?? 

sahydri CST aaj jail Ka?

can anybody know where is the train of kalyan running or not (sent from Vithalwadi)

15car Klyn Dadar on time?  (sent from Thakurli Stn.)

hello guys, can any1 pls update train status from Dadar to Dimbivali? (sent from Vile Parle Stn.)

are slow trains running between kurla to Dadar? (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

kurla to cst train is working? 

any updates of ladies special( cstm - Kalyan)?

down train on time? (sent from Bhandup Stn.)

guys, who all have reached station only reply, dont mess over unwanted msgs...

what is the status from badlapur to cst (sent from Badlapur)

whether trains running between Dadar to Kalyan? (sent from Borivali)

kalyan to cst?

dombivali to cst train statua pls ? (sent from Dombivli)

what is the status of sion station 

kanjurmarg to kurla?? any update  (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)

any issue at mulund station?

It's raining any where know (sent from Vangani Stn.)

what about Ghatkopar to cst train (sent from Ghatkopar)

is there any train from kalyan towards ansangon

kalva to mumbra chalu aahe..? (sent from Kalva)

please check western line chat

Ghatkopar to Dombivali train chalu h kya .?? (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)

Thane to cst train status?? 

ghatkopar to ambernath which status

aur train chalu hai ? (sent from Sion)

?? (sent from Gtb Nagar)

karjat se Cst jane vale train time pe he kya?

Is there any train available from Kurla to CSMT .waiting from last half an hour . any updates  (sent from Kurla Stn.)

to and from ambernath any idea? (sent from Ambernath)

are trains late?  (sent from Ambernath)

is central line working fine?  (sent from Airoli)

gtb and 15 coach train ??? (sent from Mulund)

Dadar to thane status?? (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)

what's is status of trains between dadar to thane

slow trains are ok from cst? (sent from Churchgate)

what is todays train status??? Running properly???

what about water logging (sent from Lower Parel)

are trains running from kalyan to dadar ? (sent from Shahad)

any update on central line? (sent from Ambernath Stn.)

Will the 9:29 Kalyan-Dadar train halt at matunga today ? (sent from Kalva Stn.)

kabhi se?  (sent from Govandi Stn.)

ulhasnagar to cst lokal suru hai kya?  (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

what is thestatus of karjat to kalyan (sent from Bhivpuriroad)

why fast train always given preference

is train on time from kalyan to CST?? (sent from Kalyan)

are train working ? (sent from Vikhroli)

where is 6:55 titwala train? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

where is this train (sent from Thane Stn.)

mumbra to kurla trains ja rahii hai ki nhiii????

what about trains to thane (sent from Mahalakshmi Stn.)

can you tell central line status? fast trains on time or slow?  (sent from Santa Cruz)

thane se aage trains band hai kya??  (sent from Govandi)

where (sent from Ghatkopar)

guys tomorrow if its raining heavily plz go by bus instead of trains....if u travel​ by train there are maximum chances that u vl get stuck up. . ...but if u Travel by bus it vl take some time but u vl keep moving​.....thts btr than being stuck up

where is. Thane Ambernath local (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

 trains from thane to baldpaur ?? on time  (sent from Vashi Stn.)

are trains late now? (sent from Thane)

trains are running from Shahad station??  Pls update.  (sent from Shahad)

is there running from Dombivali to kurla (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

karjat tak trains chalu h kya??

can you tell central line status? fast trains on time or slow?  (sent from Santa Cruz)

what's the issue? (sent from Titwala)

what is status of Sion

what is the mail train status (sent from Titwala Stn.)

are trains from Bhandup running? (sent from Bhandup Stn.)

what about today's status (sent from Byculla Stn.)

How late by train badlapur to csmt

thane to panvel trains working?

what about kasara line  is it ok or else late due to heavy rain

train chalu he kya ???

Kalyan to Ambernath train delay?? (sent from Shahad)

what is status of cst fast train (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

hi is Central railway running on time? (sent from Borivali)

Why there are no announcmnt going on for fast trains (sent from Kurla Stn.)

it's raining on Central line???? (sent from Badlapur)

Is Mumbai Central trains running on time?

trains are on time ...till thane?? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

dadar to kalyan train working? (sent from Currey Road)

are fast trains also facing the problem?  (sent from Bhandup Stn.)

what is status from kurla to thane (sent from Chembur Stn.)

trains schedule?

central line train are on  regural time ? please update

down track locals whether started or not? (sent from Bhandup)

what's the connection (sent from Dombivli)

kurla se Kalyan train chalu hai Kya?

status from kalyan to thane? 

are trains on time??? (sent from Nahur)

What is the status of KURLA GHATKOPAR SLOW TRAIN ? (sent from Kurla)

Kalyan to Badlapur train status ? (sent from Rabale)

trains are running smoothly on central line or not ?? (sent from Bhandup)

status of trains running from dadar to cst??

are trains running on times?

is the central lines down trains r late?  (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)

what is status? (sent from Nerul Stn.)

 7:33 from badlapur running on time?

are trains running on time for central line ?

Kurla to dadar trains working or not ?? (sent from Tilak Nagar)

 what is the status from csmt

Ghatkopar to CST trains working? (sent from Vidyavihar Stn.)

Thane to CST? Any delay? (sent from Thane Stn.)

is there any problem in kalwa (sent from Matunga Stn.)

dombivli to CST ja rah Hai Kya? got to know ki aahe halt ho ja raha Hai. is it worth taking a shot?

what about Sunday megablock (sent from Vidyavihar)

 what is status central railway (sent from Chunabhatti)

trains are late from dombivli to CST? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

diva jane ke lie train chalu hai? 

are trains between cst n vashi on time?

badlapur ke train hai? (sent from Mulund)

...?? (sent from Thane Stn.)

what is the status of train from Kalyan to Cst

where is Kalyan 15 car fast train?  (sent from Dadar Stn.)

slow trains from dombivali to cst are running late??  (sent from Mumbra Stn.)

what about parel (sent from Mulund Stn.)

karjat to CST any train is Der ????

are trains still late? (sent from Karjat Stn.)

trains are working ? (sent from Dombivli)

ek din clg nhi jayega to defaulter Mai aayega kya?

any update for Kurla? (sent from Shahad)

thane cst??? (sent from Kalva)

any1 at cst??? trains to thane on time?? (sent from Cst Stn.)

thane to Kalyan ?? (sent from Airoli Stn.)

thane kalyan status?

what happen exactly (sent from Dativali)

trains are working from bhandup to dombivali?

Badlapur see kitne time me niklegi train??? @Minal Chavan

what is the current status of d train between badlapur to thane (sent from Badlapur)

what happen to central line is it normal or stopped(

train working on central line from Kalyan to Dadar?

Has 9.29 kalyan-cst train arrived on pf 1A ?? (sent from Kalyan)

Dadar se cst ....train status any one..?? (sent from Kings Circle Stn.)

western line is working? ? (sent from Thane Stn.)

9.29 Badlapur to CST started? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

Its raining like hell in Ambernath. whats the train status in central line?

what is the status Dombivli to Karjat (sent from Mumbra Stn.)

i m at dadar not to reach thane as soon as possible should i go by fast or slow train?? (sent from Dadar Stn.)

are locals on time now? (sent from Badlapur Stn.)

Ghatkopar to thane what is status? 

csmt to kalyan ?

what happened

Kalyan to Titwala suru ahet ka??? (sent from Rabale)

are trains running between thane to kalyan?

what is update on train  (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)

But what? (sent from Nahur Stn.)

raining heavily in mulund. any waterlogging elsewhere?  (sent from Mulund)

are trains moving towards Ghatkopar??

Ambernath to Ghatkopar status? running okay?? koi problem toh nahi hai nah?

what is the status of express trains

what is about asangaov train???  (sent from Nerul)

kurla karjat? (sent from Bandra)

 what about trains from Ghatkoper are they running ? 

what is the status of trains from dadar towards kalyan?

central train till dombiwali is on time? (sent from Dahisar)

Kalyan pasun train band ahet ka? (sent from Badlapur)

train chalu h?  (sent from Kanjur Marg)

where is dvli local (753 ex kurla) now (sent from Mulund)

is 447 karjat cst fast on time?? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

any water logging  at matunga ?? (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)

slow track stuck badly..what happen.. (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)

are trains running from Kalyan to CST? (sent from Mumbra Stn.)

what about central train (sent from Thane)

8:36 Badlapur train status pls?

what is the status from shahad to Kurla r trains on time? (sent from Shahad)

what's a problem slow train stop at mumbra (sent from Kalva Stn.)

Ambernath to kalyan???

dadar to thane ????

why megablock? (sent from Titwala Stn.)

are trains working between CST to Dombivali? (sent from Mahalakshmi)

Kya ho raha hai yaha? (sent from Vasind)

what is thane station position (sent from Elphinstone Road Stn.)

what is the status (sent from Kopar)

Kurla ke aage trains ja rhi hai kya? (sent from Mumbra Stn.)

What is condition local dombivali (sent from Kopar Stn.)

anyone?  (sent from Mulund)

badlapur to Kalyan train status ?

trains are running on time or not?? any update?

what about kalyan se karjat , are locals running? (sent from Kings Circle Stn.)

I that's train running on time or not

6.51 badalapur train gone ? (sent from Koparkhairne)

is there train from thane to cst (sent from Ghansoli Stn.)

what's stetus of titwala train (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

metro running? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

down trains running from car to kalyan? (sent from Vidyavihar)

has the central line been closed due to rain? (sent from Sion)

are idli ka Kya hua? (sent from Vikhroli)

Dadar to Kurla train status..? (sent from Jogeshwari)

running in time??

karjat anyone? (sent from Ambernath)

dadar to thane route is fine?? (sent from Mulund)

are the trains working? (sent from Chembur Stn.)

train status from Mulund tkwards Kalyan?

which trains (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

are trains running from kalyan to cst? (sent from Cotton Green)

dadar to thane is train running normal time? (sent from Mira Road Stn.)

447 karjat fast on time?? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

trains r working? (sent from Tilak Nagar Stn.)

ठाण्याच्या पाच नंबर प्लॅटफॉर्मवर कोणती ट्रेन लावली आहे? (sent from Airoli)

wat is announcement at Kalyan?? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

train चालू hai kya?  (sent from Badlapur)

what is the status of train from badlapur to kalyan  (sent from Badlapur)

what about Ambernath to csmt train all are correct time.....? 

which fatak diva (sent from Kalva Stn.)

train status for Mulund to Kalyan? (sent from Mulund Stn.)

thane se down side trains are running or not?  (sent from Ghansoli)

what about Kalyan to thane? (sent from Kalyan)

badlapur varun train on time ahet ka? (sent from Badlapur)

is their rain in thane ?? (sent from Vasind)

is the train from car to Kurla fast working  (sent from Cst Stn.)

Ghatkopar to Thane train is working or not?? (sent from Elphinstone Road Stn.)

kalyan to ghatkopar chalu aahe ka? (sent from Ghatkopar)

apetite chalu hai kya thane me? (sent from Koparkhairne Stn.)

are trains running?( sent from kalyan)

ambarnath badlapur train chalu Hai Kya?

is there any issue pleas update who knows anything ples update (sent from Mulund)

r central line trains working ??? (sent from Vidyavihar)

where is Thane badlapur 7 43  (sent from Thane Stn.)

trains are running ? (sent from Chembur Stn.)

दादर से कल्याण की चालू है क्या..? (sent from Dadar Stn.)

how's schedule today any update dosto (sent from Shelu Stn.)

whr is 7;35 csmt train??? (sent from Thane Stn.)

trains working in central line properly? (sent from Gtb Nagar Stn.)

Are trains working ??

? (sent from Kurla)

thane to cst train are eorking ?? (sent from Ghatkopar)

what update of train (sent from Airoli)

what abt kanjur station to kalayan

train status to Badlapur can you please let me know?  (sent from Vikhroli)

is train running on time from Dadar to Thane??? 

Are these official updates by m-Indicator? CST User, Thane User?  (sent from Airoli)

Dadar se Kalyan train chalu hai kya??? (sent from Khar Road)

Thane Badlapur??? itki late. (sent from Kopar Stn.)

what about kurla station  (sent from Thane Stn.)

did u get thane or cst train ? how late is the train

is there any local going to vasai road from cstm?? any diverted local??

trains from Dadar to Thane running? anyone at Dadar pl confirm

train are running or not ?

are trains running normally now? are issues between soon and kurla resolved ? (sent from Vidyavihar)

central line kb bnd ho rha h? (sent from Mulund Stn.)

can anyone help me what is Trans harbour? (sent from Jogeshwari Stn.)

what abt fast trains (sent from Gtb Nagar Stn.)

Is there trains for Badlapur to thane (sent from Badlapur)

vithalwadi to CST trains chalu hai? (sent from Grant Road)

विक्रोली से थाने के लिए ट्रेन टाइम पर हैं क्या ??? (sent from Vikhroli)

anybody to cst can sent pics??

are there trains from kurla to Dombivali ? (sent from Panvel)

what's the current status of dadar to karjat/kasara (sent from Chembur Stn.)

what about trains towards asangoan (sent from Shahad)

current status??

Is der any problem frm thane to dombivli??

left from badlapur? (sent from Vangani Stn.)

Badlapur to csmt what is the status ?

kurla to Dadar train chalu ahet ka?

thane to asangaon?  (sent from Kalyan)

Has 10.26 CSMT fast reached kalyan? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

kalwa-Cst ke liye trains hai kya?

any update??? (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)

is central line of Dadar towards vikhroli always late? (sent from Chunabhatti Stn.)

cst badlapur 🚆 chalu hai Kya?

trains from thane to kalyan?? (sent from Thane)

are ghatkopar to kalyan trains running?

schools chalu hai kya?

Train Chalu Ahe ka..?? (sent from Ambivli Stn.)

where is 12.11 fast train from kalyan now  (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

hello... Mulund to Kalyan.. ?

vadala se andheri kly train chal rahe h ya nhi??  (sent from Govandi)

trains running slow?? wat happened

till now any update on how far the trains are working fine, without water logging

kalyan to badlapur chalu ahe ka? plz update (sent from Thane Stn.)

Trans Harbour line is working.. Vashi to Thane?  (sent from Airoli Stn.)

what's the status Thane to CSMT (sent from Mulund Stn.)

Kalyan to Kasara? (sent from Dadar Stn.)

where is kasara train (Thane 5;32)  (sent from Thane)

are trains running on time? (sent from Shahad)

Mulund to CSt kitna late h?

Kalyan to thane? (sent from Kalyan)

what about ulhasnagar to dadar (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

hiiiii what's update thane to cstm pl (sent from Vidyavihar)

cst status ? (sent from Marine Lines Stn.)

r trains running between ghatkopar to kurla?  (sent from Andheri)

 any status about metro??

Titwala to ghatkopr chalu hai ky Train..? (sent from Ambivli Stn.)

cst train are running late ??  (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

there is train from Karjat to Pune?

bro.. pani bhara h qa tracks pe?

what abt 5.27 badlapur (sent from Badlapur)

कर्जत BL ची काय हाल? (sent from Kalva)

Are there any trains from Thane to CSTM ? (sent from Thane Stn.)

ghatkoper see Kalyan trains chalu hai Kya? (sent from Jogeshwari)

trains working in central?

ghatkopar to Thane trains working or not??

what has happened? our train has stopped between bhandup and nahur since past 30 mins (sent from Nahur Stn.)

why is status of vidyavihar station  (sent from Tilak Nagar)

what is the status about thane dadar (sent from Koparkhairne)

what is train status from Ghatkopar to kalyan pls

what about ,dadar to mulund  (sent from Elphinstone Road)

ghatkopar to thane status?

Thane to csmt running or not ?

why any authourize person reply to delay issues.

can railway management answer why is only central line screwed up daily... at least they should have courtesy to announce y trains are late.  (sent from Masjid Stn.)

kya huva he central me ?? (sent from Bhandup)

trains status pls? (sent from Chembur)

what the train status how are they running? (sent from Thakurli Stn.)

what about train (sent from Churchgate)

what's problem in train plz (sent from Marine Lines)

whether Panvel Vasai trains are running smoothly? (sent from Badlapur)

Thane ke age train sahi chal rahi hai kya? (sent from Mulund Stn.)

kurla se dadar train chalu hai kaya? (sent from Vashi)

why are trains stopping for long time between nahur bhandup (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

badlapur to CST?? 

Kalyan to thane... any updates??? don't wanna go to work..lol (sent from Shahad)

mumbra to csmt???

csmt se Karjat train has left or not? (sent from Byculla Stn.)

what is status of train from Dadar to thane (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)

is the train are delayed

how much time trains are late

What's about titwala to kalyan

train chalu hai kya chalu hai kya? same question asking again and again, updaters will get irritated, bcus of this ppl will stop updating (sent from Shahad)

where is ladies special (sent from Thane Stn.)

what is status of fast trains towards karjat or ambernath  (sent from Chunabhatti Stn.)

karjat train comes at which platform on ddr..? urgent please help (sent from Andheri)

Hello is  Central line trains running on time ?

are trains on time from Kalman?  (sent from Kalyan)

trains?? (sent from Airoli Stn.)

kurla to thane ? (sent from Vadala Road Stn.)

where is csmt Karjat ... 12.28 Dombivali  (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

what about krjat / Badlapur train ....?? 

6:27 Kalyan Train kaha h right now ?? (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

Kalyan se local are on time ???  and vidyavihar me station pe ja rahi hai na local ? (sent from Shahad)

is it raining after thane?  (sent from Thakurli)

vidya vihar to Mumbra ?????? (sent from Vidyavihar)

where  the fast train? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

kasara to dadar??

trains running or not from badlapur to cstm? (sent from Badlapur)

what about thane

Plz can anyone update what is the status of train From Cst Till Badlapur ?( Mumbai)  (sent from Masjid Stn.)

is train on time for karajat??

what is the status for trains going till Ghatkopar

how are trains running from dadar to Thane? please update

are trains running between Kalyan and Thane? (sent from Thakurli)

what's the status of Kasara to CSTM ?

asangaon train  6:17 from Mulund? please  update

kalyan to cst slow train is running fine? 

trains are from Thane to Ambernath?????

any update on fast train towards cst!? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

central line chalu hai kya kal? 

thane to csmt trains are working?  (sent from Airoli Stn.)

pls share an updatewho are travelling to vile parle from thane??

thane se karjat kasara ki train hai Kya....???? (sent from Panvel Stn.)

what is status of sion station

what about trains from dadar to thane? are they running on time? (sent from Vaitarana Stn.)

6:26 badlapur is on time?  (sent from Badlapur)

train late aaheyt. waiting at vidyavihar stn. want to go dadar. any update why locals are running late?  (sent from Vidyavihar Stn.)

can any1 please tell are trains running from kurla to cst??  (sent from Kurla Stn.)

trains r running in time ???

are trains on time between thane to matunga? any problem? (sent from Vikhroli)

trains chalu aahet ka ?? 

train r on time or not? (sent from Mulund)

central from Dadar to Thane? status (sent from Bandra Stn.)

bhai Ghansoli jaana h trains h kya? (sent from Andheri Stn.)

are all trains on time?? plz reply

मध्य रेल्वे बरोबर आहे ना?

Thane me autos chalu h kya ??? (sent from Rabale Stn.)

ghatkopar to kalyan is clear?

any update about ambernath?

ghatkoper ke liye chalu he.}? (sent from Matunga Stn.)

are trains running fine? (sent from Airoli Stn.)

cat to karjat train chalu hi kya?

is any fast train Thane? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

what is the status of central slow line 

what is the current situation of central railway.

kurla station pr pani bhara h kya ?

Train working or Not? (sent from Kurla Stn.)

what about Dombivli to CST (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

gya kya?  (sent from Vithalwadi)

where is cst fast train  (sent from Mulund Stn.)

ghatkopar to Kalyan? (sent from Vithalwadi)

is there any issue of train towards KALYAN, KARJAT KHOPOLI (sent from Thakurli Stn.)

which train fast or slow? (sent from Jogeshwari)

are the trains running on Central line ?

are trains of karjat cst running properly? (sent from Badlapur Stn.)

any update about the slow trains from Kanjurmarg? (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)

CST to kalyan chalu hai?

update from dadar to kurla? (sent from Vile Parle Stn.)

Is there any mega block between kalyan and Thane 

CSMT to Kalyan train are on a time? (sent from Tilak Nagar Stn.)

5:56 titwala where it is now (sent from Bhivpuriroad)

is central railway is running or not??

r trains running from kalyan towards badlapur? (sent from Kalyan)

whts status to badlapur to cst ? (sent from Badlapur)

aaj holliday he ki nahi? (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)

what is status of ghatkopar to kalyan gys

Are trains available between thane and kalyan??  (sent from Mulund)

vidhyavihar pai pani bhara hai? (sent from Mulund)

badlapur ki train chalu he kya?  (sent from Badlapur)

pls tell me curry road to thane working ? (sent from Lower Parel)

khopoli train hai ya nahi?? (sent from Kalyan)

are trains running from kurla to thane??plz update (sent from Mankhurd)

Bhai, tu station ka announcer hai Kya?😂

is train running from dombivli to thane?? (sent from Vithalwadi Stn.)

Plz provide the source thereof, anybody who knows it. (sent from Dombivli)

vikroli see ulhasnagar chal rahi ha Kya? (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)

trains Working Fine?? (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)

are trains running towards karjat??

train from parel to Ghatkopar working or not?? (sent from Elphinstone Road)

are trains leaving from Ambernath on time? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

thoda bahut late ho jata hai.. baarish ka season hai.. shant baitho sab.. 

why late (sent from Kalva Stn.)

kanjur se thane ki train kitni late chal rahi hai? (sent from Kanjur Marg)

time ?

thane to csmt ? (sent from Ghansoli Stn.)

thane to vashi trns chlu h kya??  (sent from Shahad)

this is a very important service. latest not spam it by asking same question again and again. please scroll at least. it would be good if we keep on posting your own train status which is late or on time. (sent from Nahur)

what about bhandup to cst (sent from Bhandup)

Thane Titwala local chalu he kya?  (sent from Belapur Cbd Stn.)

they have just announced at kalva station that due to traffic near kalva gate slow trains towards Kalyan will be not moving (sent from Kalva Stn.)

Any delays in train???? 

titwala to cst running on time or not ?? (sent from Titwala Stn.)

train for badlapur fast track?

train status from Kalyan? (sent from Kalyan)

any1 on khopoli station?? 

what is the update between cstm and kalyan

what's the stutus. badlapur to thane?  (sent from Badlapur)

dadar to andheri? (sent from Thakurli)

bt wht is actual issue...?? (sent from Nahur Stn.)

kanjur Marg to Kurla  To Vashi  local  stuts????? (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)

is central railway on time? (sent from Bhandup)

rush hain kya? (sent from Airoli Stn.)

what about cst fast train??  (sent from Kalyan)

is there trainns running from Ghatkopar to Kalyan?

Kalyan to CST smoothly running or not?

kalyan to cst fast trains are working? (sent from Ambivli)

Sion ? any update.? (sent from Thane Stn.)

is it safe for a girl to travel at 5:30am? and will the train be crowded at 5:30 in morning from kalyan?

any announcements @ shahad station? m in train over bridge from last 30mins (sent from Shahad)

anyone traveling from Kasara? (sent from Mulund)

train status Thane csmt? (sent from Thane Stn.)

train chalu he kya?? (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

??

there any problm in trains timings?? is it running normally?? (sent from Shahad Stn.)

is train working from dadar to thane?? (sent from Parel)

any train in between kalyan and thakurli? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

what about the Titwala to CST  (sent from Ambivli)

paus padtoy ka ATA? cz Badlapur la nahiye ewdha (sent from Badlapur Stn.)

thane to kalyan  train on time.? (sent from Airoli)

train from badlapur to cst chalu hy kya??

10.18 thana left ?

where is karjat train. Pl help urgent (sent from Ambernath Stn.)

no announcement why down  trains are running late (sent from Kalva Stn.)

how is the water logged situation in Sion/matunga? are trains taking halt there? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

Dombivali to Badlapur chalu hai??? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

what is the problem of slow line  (sent from Nahur Stn.)

konsa cst jane vala train kai ?? (sent from Vithalwadi)

train status from kurla..?

is there any waterlog near kurla or parel??  (sent from Belapur Cbd)

what about Titwala train? (sent from Lower Parel)

all r asking $ train chalu hai kya$ and waiting for someone who reply $ sab train bandh haj ghar se mat niklo$ ,😁😁😁 (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)

Dadar to Thane status ??? train is regularly running ????? (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)

travel only if it is very much required, this is what they are announcing at Sion station (sent from Sion Stn.)

how long is the delay? (sent from Kalva)

kalyan to thane... any update? (sent from Belapur Cbd Stn.)

hi trains from Mulund to CST? 

अंबरनाथ ठाणे ट्रेन सुरू आहेत ना? (sent from Ambernath)

what about central line train (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

what about ghatkopar to dadar (sent from Vikhroli)

 Thane train working on time? (sent from Thane)

what is d train status from ambivli to parel (sent from Ambivli)

where 8.33 cst train

what about trains status central line (sent from Turbhe)

dadar to matunga train??

where is khopoli csmt train (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

thane 6:30 reach at kurla?  (sent from Kurla)

train running from byculla to thane ??????????? (sent from Sandhurst Road)

what's the train status from Thane to kalyan 

cst to kasara?? (sent from Churchgate)

thane ambernath working fine?

what is the problem (sent from Bhandup)

Is dombivli-dadar train cancelled? (sent from Thane Stn.)

3?47 Dadar from Kalyan status? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

what is train status kalyan 

slow local towards CST ? (sent from Kurla Stn.)

what is the status (sent from Jogeshwari)

train r on time...???  (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)

running properly but late.what happen helicopter not working?😂 (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)

what is train status on central line (sent from Khar Road)

harbour line working? (sent from Andheri Stn.)

what's the situation at Thane, Ghatkopar, Kurla Dadar stations?

cstm to kalyan trains are running ? (sent from Cst Stn.)

can anyone pls tell jo cst ke liye special train thi wo cst se kaunse station ke liye nikle hai (return) ? (sent from Churchgate Stn.)

Train 51033 aaj Sahi samay par hi na??

7.57 badlapur left badlapur or what (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

r  trains on time? (sent from Nilje)

is the position recovering??  (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

who told it's late (sent from Thakurli Stn.)

badlapur se kurla Janekeliye Train Time PeHai ?

what is status thane to cstm (sent from Vidyavihar Stn.)

guy's Ulhasnagar ro thane its running?  (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

to jana ruka kyu hai? (sent from Charni Road Stn.)

Where is 10.42 badalpur - csmt fast local  at present (sent from Thane Stn.)

what about vashi to kurla (sent from Mankhurd Stn.)

kalwa to Kalyan chalu ahe ka? (sent from Kalva Stn.)

is there any problem at dadar (sent from Dadar Stn.)

Thane to CST status? (sent from Airoli)

any trains from mulund? (sent from Mulund Stn.)

what is status of trains working? (sent from Chembur)

Kalyan to CST train ?? (sent from Thakurli Stn.)

trains r on time or late? (sent from Ambernath)

Ambernath Kalyan train started ?  (sent from Ambernath)

In Badlapur train r delyed??? (sent from Badlapur)

wrong train indicator placed..no courtesy of at least display of correct train on indicator..because it was 15 dabba train .so many passengers confused..had to run around....no sympathy to customers...what service we get..even after paying for tickets  (sent from Gtb Nagar Stn.)

Are trains from Thane working? (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

any trains going from sion to kalyan side? (sent from Mankhurd)

what is the status off central railway

are trains from cstm to vikroli working?? (sent from Marine Lines)

Train status?  (sent from Vithalwadi)

is central train running on time...is there water logging somewhere)?

Kalyan to nashik express chalu ahet ka??? (sent from Taloja)

train chal rha hai?? (sent from Vidyavihar Stn.)

where did bridge collapse? (sent from Vikhroli)

are you serious? (sent from Thane)

thane to cst running? (sent from Mankhurd Stn.)

Where is 15 car trn now ...?? has it crossed thane ?? (sent from Thane Stn.)

are trains running between Karjat to Badlapur?

are trains working from ambernath to CSt?

trains r on time ? (sent from Mumbra Stn.)

being chaos which train are you in (sent from Kopar Stn.)

kasara train?? (sent from Airoli)

cst to kalyan train chalu he kya?? (sent from Chunabhatti)

what is the status of Dombivali to Thane local 

byculla mulund trains working?  (sent from Grant Road)

are the express trains running?  (sent from Ghansoli Stn.)

dadar to dombiivili?  (sent from Santa Cruz)

thinks like it is trains are working now but it will be stop in some time that will put into trouble (sent from Dombivli)

seriously?  (sent from Vashi Stn.)

how are trains from Badlpaur to CST? (sent from Badlapur)

Mumbra till Kurla , is it working properly?

what are the situations of central trains? (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)

vikroli se kalyan chalu hai kya? (sent from Vikhroli)

is train are on time??? (sent from Vadala Road Stn.)

what is the status of central? trains working towards CST or not?

status to and from badlapur? (sent from Badlapur)

apart from that...are there any other updates? (sent from Thane)

all trains are cancelled or what (sent from Mulund)

what is the issue ? (sent from Vikhroli)

 kalyan to thane train ? (sent from Kalyan)

train running status pls?? 

Kalyan to dader train chal rahay kya? (sent from Kalyan)

what is the Central railway train status (sent from Goregaon)

bhandup se thane side ki tarin chalu hai?? (sent from Bhandup Stn.)

kalyan badlapur trains are working? 

What is status from Thane to  Csmt? (sent from Kalva)

salary tu denar ka ?😁😁😁 (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

wat about Thane status about water loging?

what about Central line now (sent from Churchgate Stn.)

खोपोली लोकल उसके पिछे पिछे है क्या?? (sent from Badlapur Stn.)

shahad pe cst k liye train aa raha hai?

Kalyan Thane route var problem nahi aahe na? (sent from Vithalwadi)

thane trains on time?

what's the problem  (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

What's the status of DOMBIVLI-CSMT slow trains?   (sent from Dombivli)

thane to currey road any problem?  (sent from Koparkhairne)

 why trains are stop at vichroli

is khopoli train running late where it is I'm in dombivli (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

central  trains are working  or not ?? (sent from Panvel Stn.)

badlapur se chalu hai ka????

Any update on Parel, is there water logging there? (sent from Vidyavihar)

are the trains plying normally ?

I have to travel cstm via dadar...from boriwali. what is condition of trains are they on time any block or cancelled? 

cst me jane wale train kitna minit let hai ? (sent from Dativali)

ambernath slow train  stuck at diva. Not moving. anyone know what is the problem. (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)

what is the status about mumbra to ghatkoper 

karjat to cstm Kai status? (sent from Neral)

what about Vithalwadi  

what is status of 7.57 from Badlapur to Thane (sent from Badlapur)

Are trains from CST working? (sent from Cst Stn.)

why not dear (sent from Sion Stn.)

central ok hai kya? (sent from Byculla Stn.)

is there any water logging at any station 

sandhust road to thane train running? (sent from Charni Road)

cst to Dombivali fast train chalu hai kya? (sent from Byculla)

train hussain sagar frm CSTM is on time or delayed??? (sent from Vidyavihar Stn.)

karjat trains late hi?? (sent from Matunga Road Stn.)

are the trains working now from dadar to ambernath?

Where is Dadar - ambernath Fast local reach Dadar 7:40 Ghatkopar 7:52...Thane 8:06 (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

what is the status of train from dadar to dombivili  (sent from Dombivli)

what is the status about thane to ambernath

are trains on time? (sent from Kurla Stn.)

any update for titwala train? (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)

why problem  (sent from Kanjur Marg)

what is the exact status regarding the late trains (sent from Nahur Stn.)

what about dahanu panvel local (sent from Nalla Sopara Stn.)

are trains running? (sent from Airoli)

what is the trains current states as it raining cat n dog (sent from Kalyan)

f trains towards cst?? any idea? (sent from Thane Stn.)

kasara train on time? anyone please

what is the status of trains in vadala? (sent from Nerul Stn.)

trains ? (sent from Chembur)

what are problems are creating in central railway (sent from Nahur Stn.)

Karjat to kalyan Trains are working or not please ?? let me know !  (sent from Karjat Stn.)

udya trains chalu rahtil ka?

all right so wer did trn reach? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

any update on matsyagandha express. when is it arriving at Panvel?

goregaon to cst local status ? (sent from Malad)

thane to kalya? (sent from Andheri)

what is the status of train towards karjat (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)

is there a train for cst from thane??? (sent from Borivali)

badlapur me train ka Kya status h?? (sent from Ghatkopar)

is there any trn available for Kalyan from Kurla..

is kasara to thane working?

what's a news of central line (sent from Vithalwadi)

trains are late or stopped? (sent from Badlapur)

train status from Diva to DADAR? (sent from Grant Road Stn.)

 Yes how can I help u (sent from Mulund Stn.)

our trains running on time towards dadar ? (sent from Ghansoli Stn.)

trains from dadar to bhandup?

Ambernath to CST trains on time? Its pouring heavily here. (sent from Ambernath)

what is the status of western line?

is everything okay at Vittalwadi station?  (sent from Vithalwadi)

train working towards ghatkopar??  (sent from Nahur)

where is kalyan fast currently (sent from Kurla Stn.)

caught KP? (sent from Kalyan)

are trains on time?

Hello m-Indicator!! Where's the local train timetable? I get to see only nees (sent from Thane Stn.)

are trains running on central? (sent from Thakurli Stn.)

central railway on time ? (sent from Dombivli)

are trains on time ? (sent from Thakurli)

what status about central line (sent from Ambernath)

what's the situation currently?

? (sent from Kurla Stn.)

is there slow trns running in central (sent from Kalva)

karjat train chalu h kya ?? (sent from Kalva)

Where is 9.23  khopoli from mulund  (sent from Mulund Stn.)

what is the position of train delay  (sent from Elphinstone Road Stn.)

where is khopoli fast (sent from Kurla Stn.)

what issue??? (sent from Nahur)

what about thane to kasara? 

any announcement at dombivali station ?? 

Train chalu Aahet Ka?

what about sion stn (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)

central line? (sent from Churchgate)

is slow train working from thane towards cat ? (sent from Vashi Stn.)

thane to klyn, karjat trains status plz? (sent from Koparkhairne Stn.)

does anyone has any update what exactly the problem is. (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

badlapur to cst? (sent from Badlapur)

what happened at Bhandup

Are trains functioning smoothly from Thane to Dadar??? (sent from Dadar Stn.)

what are problems are creating in central railway (sent from Nahur Stn.)

hello sanika damle, ghatkopr to Dombivli train status??

?? (sent from Badlapur Stn.)

oh, are trains running from vikroli to titwala ? (sent from Vikhroli)

thane cst trains on time?  (sent from Panvel)

is central line trains running?

what is the status of train

kasara train kuthe aahe? (sent from Titwala Stn.)

what about Dadar to CSMT train (sent from Shahad)

what's the situation of trains

thane to Kalyan train status???

thane to Kalyan trains ka status kya hai guys, anybody knows??

Vidyavihar se CST chalu hai trains? (sent from Vidyavihar)

are trains from dombivli to cst working ? (sent from Thakurli)

where is badlapur  (sent from Badlapur Stn.)

whr is  badlapur to thane train? (sent from Dativali)

what is the problem in dadar station (sent from Thane Stn.)

any train to USA??  (sent from Koparkhairne)

any uodate about locak train ?

Can I reach ambernath  safely?  from dadar (sent from Lower Parel)

how is the situation between badlapur to thane train (sent from Badlapur)

where is 12:12 fast cst ? (sent from Thane Stn.)

Trains are on? (sent from Chinchpokli Stn.)

what is status of sihagad? (sent from Sandhurst Road Stn.)

towards karjat train chalu hai na any update... downside? 

r trains running from Kurla to Badlapur? (sent from Kurla)

cst to Thane status?

is there megablock today on central line??  (sent from Titwala Stn.)



kasara dombivli is on or what  (sent from Thakurli)

Is it free for all to board first class coach on Saturday? 

डोबिंवली ते ठाणे लाईन चालु आहे काय???  (sent from Kopar)

is there any problem at Matunga station (sent from Vile Parle)

local train running of shahad to cstm?

from Kalyan what is status

? (sent from Ghatkopar)

hie.. wht sts from dombivili to dadar trains? 

trains are running from borivali to dadar??

are trains running from ghatkoper to badlapur???

roahan where is the badlapur train right now?  (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

towards titwala???? (sent from Thane Stn.)

ghatkopar cst trains on time? (sent from Vikhroli)

?? (sent from Nahur)

is there any mega Blocks in central line thane to cstm

is there any issue in central line? (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)

train late between Matunga Dadar don't know what's happened no announcement (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)

what is issue (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

train ka problam hai kay ??? tell me (sent from Dadar)

is there rain @mumbai side

what is the running status of central rail ?? (sent from Vithalwadi)

कर्जत train चालू आहेत का?  (sent from Chembur Stn.)

train is on time or not? (sent from Ghatkopar)

kurla to thane? (sent from Kurla)

Any reasons for trains being late today ? 

currey Road to thane trains are working?  (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)

sahad say vhasind gadi late hai kya?

is any problem in fast up train from thane to cst (sent from Andheri Stn.)

trains between kurla to vashi are working today??  (sent from Andheri Stn.)

This is actually slow local to CST... it arrived in Kalyan at 0751 and departed 0755.... I am in same train.. now near Thakurli.... why does my location says (sent from vidyavihar?)? (sent from Thakurli Stn.)

in there any problem at thane station ?? (sent from Karjat)

hi guys, any idea trains starting from thane to cst are running ? (sent from Ghansoli)

is there is slow train from thane to mumbra (sent from Thane Stn.)

where has your train reach?  (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

last train kitne baje ki thi from kyn?

anybody at Kalyan station.. what's the status of Kalyan - CST trains

what about status  Dombivali  to Ambarnath train??? 

going ambernath with my Aaee, all good in central line ? i m coming from jogeshwari. (sent from Kalyan)

ghatkoper 2 dadar time par hai kya ????

what is the current local train status frm kalyan to csmt ?Is there any waterlogging issue on central line ??

train time pe hai Kay Kalyan too cst ? (sent from Kalyan)

are trains on time or delayed? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

what ois (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)

what about Kurla CST (sent from Vidyavihar)

trains are on time from ulhasnagar?? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

what is the status of central line local status ?

dadar to dombivli 12:20 ? (sent from Matunga Road Stn.)

what's Central line status (sent from Ghansoli Stn.)

are trains running on time? (sent from Dombivli)

what about rush in train?

Is there mega block on central line tomorrow and between which stations  (sent from Karjat)

On time from Kalyan to Titwala or late hw much late? Pls do update (sent from Kalyan)

Titwala train chalu ahe ka ? (sent from Rabale)

trains r there from CST to kalyan ? (sent from Ghatkopar)

Timing ? (sent from Dombivli)

what about today (sent from Sion Stn.)

vidyavihar to kalyan?? (sent from Vidyavihar Stn.)

What is status of ambarnath to thane

any updates from thane?  (sent from Airoli)

brilliant, any idea how much would be  cost for 1st class ticket ? (sent from Karjat)

CST TO DADAR??? (sent from Sandhurst Road Stn.)

कुर्ला से कल्याण ट्रेन चल रही है क्या? (sent from Tilak Nagar)

what is running status of CST-kasara ? (from Kalyan) (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

1.50 cst fast from thane..is it on time? (sent from Thane)

what about csmt to karjat (sent from Bhivpuriroad Stn.)

kal trains chalenge kya? (sent from Kalyan)

Are Thane to Dombivli Train running..,?? Please reply..

it's on top right from where you are chatting (sent from Kopar)

Kasara at Kalyan 6:45 what status

what can I do ? so confused  (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)

Guys Train status from Shahad anyone? (sent from Shahad Stn.)

are central Local trains working on time?? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

how is the situation in central line (sent from Vadala Road Stn.)

what is the status abt train?

please say where the local is karjat cst (sent from Badlapur Stn.)

kya job hai? 

how to go to igatpuri from dadar (sent from Virar)

trans harbour line working?? (sent from Badlapur)

are trains going on from Ghatkopar to thane? (sent from Ghatkopar)

is there water logging in Sion ?  (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

what is about deceen ?? (sent from Thane Stn.)

thane to kasara local chalu hai ? (sent from Ambernath Stn.)

what is the status of trains at central lines (sent from Dombivli)

Thane. to CST?

is there any problem at klyan stn,? (sent from Kalyan)

what is the status of trains from Ghatkopar to thane?? (sent from Andheri)

diva to csmt trains??? (sent from Dativali)

what is status of karjat train (sent from Kurla)

trains chalu hai kya? dombivli to ambernath? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

what about trains from ambarnath to cst

Are trains working??  (sent from Parel)

thane to cst train he kya ? (sent from Koparkhairne)

where is dombivali train which stucked in bhandup  (sent from Thane Stn.)

what about Western line trains

Asangaon train kalyan kab tak aayegi?  (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

is it?

fast train proper hai kya? (sent from Vidyavihar)

what is status of central railway...? (sent from Santa Cruz Stn.)

is train is available from thane to vikroli ?

is der any water logging news? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

thane to kalyan???

vidya vihar to Mumbra?????????? (sent from Vidyavihar)

mulund to Dombivali train chal rahi h Kya .. koi to batao?????  (sent from Nahur)

7.24 titwala fast train from thane status?

thane to kalyan running fine?? (sent from Tilak Nagar Stn.)

hey trains are running from Thane to Ghatkopar?  (sent from Koparkhairne Stn.)

 what is a status dombivli to dadar (sent from Thakurli)

is there any train from Dombivli (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

Mulund to Sion?? (sent from Sion)

trains at vikhroli?? (sent from Vikhroli)

is there any fast train from THANE to DADAR or CST????

hats off to motor men who are able to.drive off locals from kalwa station where due to water logging till knee length tracks r not visible...bt dey have kept the Mumbai life line moving  (sent from Kalva Stn.)

is csmt locals running??? (sent from Vithalwadi)

thane cst 1:55 ka kitna delay hua??  (sent from Thane Stn.)

what about shahad to cstm

status of train from Ghatkopar to kalyan?

what about dadar to thane trains

what type of group 

what is status for central line (sent from Taloja Stn.)

Kurla train status? (sent from Chunabhatti)

what about thane to Kalyan

Is there any delay??

central line chali hai..??? (sent from Mulund Stn.)

bhai fast track pe k slow?  (sent from Vithalwadi)

kya Karjat se Mulund train chalu h kya? (sent from Bhandup)

can I reach karjat by train? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

Why are trains running?

Thane to Kasara train status? (sent from Ghansoli)

no announcment no indicator ??? dombivli (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

somebody at Dombivli? please check whether Asangaon trn is passed  (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

what happened ??

bhandup to vashi monthly pass ? (sent from Bhandup)

what are the train updates today for karjat Cst route?  (sent from Karjat)

what about Thane to thakurli (sent from Koparkhairne)

train from Thane to cst running properly?? 

where have you reached? (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

when train will come of 10:06 (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

All the trains are time ?

?? (sent from Neral)

  kalvaa train ??? (sent from Dombivli)

any update about dadar to badlapur train ? (sent from Goregaon)

what is current status of central line

where is this train right now???  (sent from Kalva Stn.)

8.20 Badlapur geli ka? from ambernath

trains running towards Thane???

badlapur Thane train???? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

sab band???

are autos running from thane? (sent from Airoli Stn.)

how much time 18029 @ kalyan station (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

Parel  to thane trains on time ???

are trains running at soon? (sent from Kurla)

what is status of central line

what is train status from kasara to cst

aaj train chalu hai na?.....q ki baarish bohot gir rahi hai 

is local trains working properly? (sent from Kandivali)

central rail is running properly? (sent from Kurla)

what is current status are badlapur to CSMT? (sent from Badlapur)

Are the trains working from thane to csmt?

what happened? (sent from Bhandup Stn.)

r trains from thane to kurla running?

is there mega block in central line plz anyone update it (sent from Bandra)

Ambarnath to Karjat train chalu hai kya?? (sent from Ambernath)

In Mumbai when the Railways stop life stop. I must say Central railway done an impeccable job over the last two days when it has rained incessantly trains have been largely on time with some delay with minimum cancellations. Great job team u have gotten it right on the big days 👍👍 (sent from Mumbai Central)

are karjat going trains on time?? (sent from Kalyan)

where is 1:35 cst fast train (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)

vangni ki bhivpuri?? (sent from Vangani Stn.)

what is status of trains from Thane?

what is status today's central  line 

are trains coming before time???? (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)

how much train is late today (sent from Kanjur Marg)

dadar to vidyavihar chalu hai? (sent from Dadar Stn.)

standing train or running?? (sent from Kalyan)

9.27 Khopoli local from Thane..has it left Thane? (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)

what's the status of bullet train? (sent from Kalva)

cst to vikhroli any updates ??? (sent from Churchgate Stn.)

starus from badlapur stn?? (sent from Badlapur)

what about dharavi railway station  (sent from Thane)

is there water logging between Ambernath and Badlapur? (sent from Badlapur Stn.)

what is train status from kasara to cst

परेल ते कल्याण गाडी चालू आहे का?

5.44 dombivali from byculla no idea where it is no announcement (sent from Byculla Stn.)

what is the time for mega block today (sent from Parel)

can some one confirm from shahad to csmt trains are available ? (sent from Kopar)

Ambernath to cst train ??

should i travel from Kanjurmarg to Badlapur?  (sent from Kanjur Marg)

7:59 Kalyan dadar is on time or late and where it reached? (sent from Thane)

ambernath see train chalu hai Kya ??

that's why I am asking  (sent from Airoli)

kurla to Panvel?? (sent from Taloja)

what is the condition of trains? (sent from Vile Parle)

dadar to thane?  (sent from Kandivali)

Ya they have hearts but when they protest they protest like animals 

are trains running from kanjur station to Dadar? Dadar to charchgate? please confirm?

dadar to thane????

train status? 

is train working properly..?? 

is kasarA route is working ? (sent from Elphinstone Road)

cst to thane lines r clear or not

Thane to CST trains are late? (sent from Mulund)

what is status of central line (sent from Nahur)

what is the status of Mulund Ghatkopar train (sent from Nahur)

but what happened @ nahur? can anyone tell (sent from Mulund Stn.)

Are central trains running properly ? (sent from Borivali Stn.)

what about dadar to ville parle ?

is there any problem on fast up line ?

central line status?? (sent from Churchgate)

thane-vashi working? (sent from Koparkhairne)

are the trains for Pune cancelled? (sent from Bhandup Stn.)

Karjat train ??

are trains running from Vidyavihar? (sent from Chembur Stn.)

trains working on time??

where is the fast train (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

this is apathy of government. in such situation there should be announcement informing what is a problem and time it will approx. take to resolve. But so called decision makers stay at Colaba, and not bothered. they wait for RM to give them instruction.  (sent from Bhandup)

are trains running on time ?

kurla to thane? (sent from Belapur Cbd)

asangaon??? (sent from Thane Stn.)

mumbra to thane train chalu h kya?  (sent from Mumbra)

is the train from ulahasnagar going to cst (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

what is the status of local trains kalyan to thane (sent from Kalyan)

kurla to thane train are working? (sent from Kurla)

are the trains towards cst running on time? (sent from Kalva)

borivali to virar started?

kalyan - thane? (sent from Kalyan)

trains are running grom lonovola to dadar?

what happened at shahad

can i reach Kalyan ? (sent from Bhandup)

Are down trains running on time? (sent from Vidyavihar)

what's status for byculla to ambernath  (sent from Chinchpokli Stn.)

11:46 15 car fast train towards CST from kalyan status? (sent from Thane)

trains running on time??

Kalyan to cst train chalu hai kya?

whats had happened to Central line towards csmt? (sent from Bhandup Stn.)

is train late in dombivli? (sent from Kopar Stn.)

what is train time from titwala station

what about titwala

are there trains running from kurla to CST?  there is delay. (sent from Tilak Nagar)

how about train beyond dadar (sent from Mulund Stn.)

any update on thane to karjat root ? (sent from Ghansoli Stn.)

what about slow train from mumbra to cst. are the running late

what happen show train  (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)

Asangav to dadar train time pr hai kya ???

what is current train status Ambivali to csmt (sent from Ambivli)

is central line on time today?

What is position of trains from Matunga to Ghatkopar  (sent from Matunga Road Stn.)

Dombivli status?  (sent from Thakurli)

Ambarnath to CSTM train status..?? 

Kalyan train what time will it come  (sent from Chembur)

does 11.04 fast from Kalyan left? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

what is status at kurla (sent from Vikhroli)

ghatkopar to thane are trains running? if so is it crowded (sent from Andheri)

are buses and trains working from kanjurmarg?

why

?  (sent from Vidyavihar)

what about sion to thane (sent from Khar Road)

Trains are on time from kalyan to cst??? (sent from Shahad)

any update regarding up side local? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

train stopped near nahur station. anybody know what's the problem

what's the matter with western line? (sent from Grant Road)

train staus Kalyan? (sent from Kalyan)

central lines affected by rain?

hi what's the status of deccan exp kalyan to Pune pls update (sent from Badlapur)

vashi to thane? (sent from Vashi Stn.)

what about CST to Thane? (sent from Churchgate)

कर्जत छ.शि.म,ट ट्रेन चालु आहेत काय ?

thane to kanjurmarg on time and how is the crowd???

Dombivli to Thana trains chal ra ha??????  ghar Jana ha batao jaldi

central line trains towards cst is working properly or not pls give update? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

trains from thane running on time??

any train towards mumbai from kalyan???

what is the status between saion to byaculla slow track (sent from Tilak Nagar)

thane se bhivpuri jane ke liye train available hai kya ????

what is current status 

kya issue kya hai but .??? (sent from Rabale)

9:34 Cat fast from karjat status? (sent from Vithalwadi)

kab aa raha h?  (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

Are trains running on time?  (sent from Ambernath)

trains there till diva??  (sent from Matunga Stn.)

 trains working from shahad to kurla? (sent from Shahad)

what status about platform no 2 train Dadar  (sent from Dadar Stn.)

are trains running  properly between ulhas to karjat? 

what abut thane to Ghatkopar?? are they working?? pls reply... thank you (sent from Rabale Stn.)

train status for masjid to ulhas nagar ? 

What is status of 8:03 karjat local (sent from Dadar Stn.)

what about karjat route? 

what about badlapur train status

Train status central ? (sent from Ghansoli)

any updates on central line? (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)

are trains running till thane from Ulhasnagar??? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

kay zale aaj Thane Station la?  (sent from Dadar Stn.)

first class fare from ghatkopar to dombivali ? (sent from Ghatkopar)

are the trains running? (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)

ghatkopar to dombivli chalu h? (sent from Vidyavihar Stn.)

kuch to bolo is par? (sent from Byculla Stn.)

up trains ko problem hai ya down trains? (sent from Dombivli)

trains are moving or not???? 

any updates for Kalyan to kasara??? (sent from Badlapur)

are trains running from kurla to ulhasnagar??? (sent from Chunabhatti)

Any problems on Karjat line?

...?? (sent from Mankhurd)

why slow n fast???  (sent from Airoli Stn.)

Trains on time or late towarda karjat..?? (sent from Thane)

are karjat side locals on time??

what is status of kalyan to cst train?

kurla to karjat - are the trains working? (sent from Kings Circle Stn.)

any problem between nahur and mulund? (sent from Nahur)

badalapur chalu hai na ?? (sent from Kalva)

what is happening!?  (sent from Kopar Stn.)

how about Badlapur Thane?? (sent from Kalyan)

what abt cst trains (sent from Kalyan)

are trains running till dadar? (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)

cstm jaanewali teain ab thane se kitni baje train hai.? (sent from Thane)

any update on 9.56 CST bound train from Ghatkopar? (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

hey dombivli sathi train chalu aahy ka?? (sent from Titwala Stn.)

tarins r on time?? (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)

what is the status Badlapur to cst (sent from Badlapur)

train चालू आहेत का? (sent from Kalva)

everything good at thane? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

Where is karjat train now? that was supposed to reach ulhasnagar by 2:21???  (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)

is the trains running in central line  (sent from Koparkhairne)

where is  now 9:28 semi fast  (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

 badlapur se 9 ki karjat-cst local ka kya status h ??? (sent from Badlapur)

  what's the status of dombivali (sent from Dombivli)

dadar to kalyan is working??? (sent from Goregaon)

any train issue in Kalyan ? (sent from Byculla)

are trains towards kalyan running???

hello what is the status of Thane karjat Line (sent from Thane)

are trains running from thane to kurla?

want to reach titwala from cst are trains are on time??

where is 7.8am fast train at Mulund  (sent from Mulund Stn.)

???? (sent from Thakurli)

karjat to thane?  (sent from Aman Lodge Stn.)

are trains working from kalyan?

can anyone check outside mulund station if the idli person is selling ?

8.32 Asangoan train in mulund timle or not

central line trains status please?

what is the status of karjat trains  (sent from Ambernath)

does. local train running from Dadar towards Kalyan? up (sent from Vidyavihar Stn.)

are trains running from thane to airoli...?? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

hi please send the status of Kasara to thane???

what about Mulund to cst (sent from Mulund Stn.)

ठाणे ते घाटकोपर ट्रैन चालू आहे का?

is there any train for guahati from Akola

is there any problem at Matunga station (sent from Vile Parle)

thane to cst? (sent from Kalva)

how is the situation in sion and matunga (sent from Thakurli Stn.)

kalyan to thane train is running or not

Dombivali to Badlapur?  are trains working 

train from ghatkopar  to badlapur is working or not if working how much late they r  (sent from Ghatkopar)

why are trains so late today.. anybody has an idea?

Ulhas to CST? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

are there trains from dom to cst?? (sent from Thakurli)

Sion me kuch problem hua he Kya? (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)

tommorow Mega Block Is there in central?? (sent from ghatkopar)  (sent from Mulund)

why train was late 

Badlapur CST left from Badlapur but very much slow, is there any problem ahead????

what is the status of the train  (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

Karjat train is running ? (sent from Cotton Green Stn.)

Kalyan se Thane working?? 

? 

karjat to cst trains are on time?? 

 current status of train from Domb to cst plz?

mumbra se kurla Jane ki train sab chalu h??

Kalyan se CST  ki train hai kya? (sent from Mulund)

jab barish hoti hai tab train time pe hoti hai aaj baarish nahi hai toh aaj trains 30 mins late hai.......kya karti hai central railway??   (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)

no idea.  but when I was on Dombivali stn around at 7.50 , train 7.21 went very crowded n then around after 5-10 min 1 spl train came for cst (sent from Ghatkopar)

vidhyavihar pasun sanga re baba koni? (sent from Kalva)

thane to Ghatkopar train service kaisi hai..??? (sent from Ghansoli Stn.)

is it raining heavily in thane? (sent from Virar)

9.29 badlapur train kahan pahunchi? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

ghatkopar to thane status? (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

Kalyan to Thane..  how much late the trains are?  (sent from Vithalwadi)

Karjat train status plz?  (sent from Dombivli)

 ghatkopr to cst live status ? send (sent from Virar)

what is the status of kalyan-karjat route? (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)

trains on time ahet Kay?  (sent from Vidyavihar)

 bdlapur to cst working...??? (sent from Badlapur Stn.)

from where (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

for Kasara trains are running?

what about water problem  (sent from Mumbai Central Stn.)

ulhasnagar to CST status? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

karjat side ke train time pe hai kya??

kalwa to gjatkopar trains are running or not

cst thane k liye train chal rahi hai ??? (sent from Badlapur)

, what's today's timing of train's (sent from Vangani)

kasara train coming in which platform  (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

trains from vidhya vihar to csmt?  (sent from Vidyavihar Stn.)

ky...chalu ha...??? (sent from Kandivali Stn.)

trains are running or not?? (sent from Badlapur)

what is status of Central railway towards cst (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

hai kidhar ???  (sent from Mumbra Stn.)

r locals from Ghatkopar to Kalyan running on time or late?  (sent from Jogeshwari)

y r trains slow? (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)

where is 5:18 Titwala slow train? (sent from Thane)

current status of central railway ?

are trains working from dombivli end to cst? (sent from Dombivli)

what is the status between cst to kurla

is it?? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

train chalu hai kya??? (sent from Vidyavihar)

central line bara bar chal rahe he kay..? (sent from Dadar)

trains on tim?

? (sent from Santa Cruz)

why trains are late more thane half an hour ?

CST to Kalyan train chlu hai kya? 

kasara Vt Train Time Per Hai Kya?

are trains running on time on central down side ? (sent from Kanjur Marg)

Any body going to pune ? (sent from Ambernath)

ambernat train at kalyan which plateform come (sent from Nahur)

what is the train status  (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)

DADAR to Virar local trains running?  (sent from Bhandup Stn.)

are trains still late?

r trains running on time?

churchgate to virar ? (sent from Cst Stn.)

in fast train, what is the status near kurla

6.09ki ambernath, fast kidhar pahucha? (sent from Vithalwadi)

is there any train from byculla to thane fast? (sent from Byculla)

what's train status (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

vasai - diva train chalu hai kya ?? (sent from Bhiwandi Road)

ho sagar. pan ajun he late aaheyt ka?  (sent from Vidyavihar Stn.)

kya lete? (sent from Khardi)

is auto available in vikhroli station ? (sent from Airoli)

are trains running from Badlapur? (sent from Badlapur)

train status on central?

any updates? 

CST to karjat train are they working? (sent from Vidyavihar)

what is the status of kasara trains (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

where is khopoli fast???? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

central line ki train kitna late he ? (dombivli) (sent from Dombivli)

is there water logging at Dombivli?  (sent from Thakurli)

Anyone from Thane wants to go to CST? There will probably be a train arranged. I'm in Thane local, so the same train will go to CST.  (sent from Mulund Stn.)

 what is status for kurla to diva  (sent from Tilak Nagar Stn.)

ghatkopar to Thane status? (sent from Andheri Stn.)

Kalyan to karjat train status ? (sent from Vithalwadi)

what is the status between Thane to cst

train time pe h? (sent from Kalyan)

now There is no Rain then also trains late without any reasions what happens to central line trains god knows (sent from Matunga Road Stn.)

what is the status of train (sent from Vikhroli)

anyone plz update on shahad to CST ? (sent from Shahad Stn.)

all trains are running properly..?? (sent from Khopoli Stn.)

Trains are slow almost 20 mins from mulund what is issue ahead (sent from Kalva Stn.)

central line trains r working right now?

Question:- is thane train more crowded than any other trains?? :o

where is khopoli csmt train

can I proceed from nahur to vidyavihar? (sent from Nahur)

are trains working properly???

ghatkopar to dadar trains chalu ahet ka??  (sent from Vidyavihar)

central line trains are running? (sent from Thakurli)

is train working from Mulund???  (sent from Mulund)

hi...  train chalu h na?  (sent from Thane)

vidyavihar to dadar? any problems between matunga and Sion? (sent from Vidyavihar Stn.)

Is the train running on time from ambernath to CST

cst to ambarnath what's the train's status  (sent from Churchgate Stn.)

Train let he Kya? (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)

can I book ticket online ? from Kalyan to neral?

hey no offence, but what are you doing in kanjur station for to long (sent from Thane Stn.)

how much late (sent from Masjid Stn.)

is the Shalimar train on time

what is the status of kasar karjat cst trains status  (sent from Thakurli Stn.)

what about CST to Thane train status? (sent from Cst)

 8.34 Kalyan se fast train time pe chalti hai kya aajkal ?

what is the situation on bhandup station 

what about kalyan to badlapur i want going home to badlapur pls ... (sent from Ghatkopar)

all local is on time in central line?  (sent from Chunabhatti)

what status vasai 🚆 train (sent from Thakurli Stn.)

is there any cst fast coming to thane

mega block hey kya Aj??  (sent from Dombivli)

how are trains at Thane

kalwa crossing is open for 30 min that's y trains late (sent from Thane Stn.)

dada se Thane  slow train calu hai? 

central line trains chalu hai?

what is the status of train between kurla to g hatkopar  (sent from Kurla Stn.)

trains are running from badlapur to Kalyan ? pls confirm (sent from Badlapur)

what about trains towards vt (sent from Thane)

are train on tym in central towards badlapur??? (sent from Vikhroli)

what about badlapur train from kalyn

pani bharne ke karan trains bohat lte he aur kuch cancel.he (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

Sion mai rain kam hue kya? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

are train running on time from thane to Ghatkopar?? (sent from Bhayander)

trains are running between dadar to Thane?? (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)

asangaon train on time??

kurla to nahur slow line are working or not? (sent from Gtb Nagar Stn.)

are the trains running on proper time?  (sent from Cst)

can anyone tell why train is running today by 1hours

train status??? (sent from Gtb Nagar)

What is the status from dadar toward down (sent from Jogeshwari)

central line chalu hai? (sent from Vikhroli)

how does it affects local??? (sent from Tilak Nagar)

thane station what problam  (sent from Dadar Stn.)

??? (sent from Marine Lines Stn.)

trains are delayed or what from vangani (sent from Vangani)

train time pe hai ya let hai? (sent from Malad Stn.)

what about trains from dadar to cst  (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)

badlapur to Thane train are running properly?  (sent from Badlapur)

trains are running on time ?

where is kalyan local from dadar??? any updates (sent from Dadar Stn.)

pune to Mumbai trains status please?

what is train status (sent from Koparkhairne)

is titwala thane 9:54 on time? (sent from Titwala Stn.)

is there any water logging on route between thane and dadar?

train are running between Dadar to Kalyan? (sent from Mahalakshmi Stn.)

I am in kalyan train which is standing in outer of thane station for the past 20 minutes. (sent from Thane Stn.)

are trains working between kalva and kalyan?

are trains working from kalyan to khopoli?  (sent from Jogeshwari)

thane to cst ?

yup...to confirm people can check older comments when I was at Ghatkopar n confirm timing of that comment at Ghatkopar with timing of comment when I reached Dadar. (9:11 Ulhasnagar To CSMT) (sent from Elphinstone Road Stn.)

what is the status of trains from Vithalwadi ?? (sent from Vithalwadi Stn.)

where is karjat train kalyan timing 10.29

any megablock on Sunday? (sent from Kopar)

what (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

are trains running on time..??? (sent from Vadala Road)

Thane to Ghatkopar ??

What's the update of 8:09 karjat train (sent from Badlapur Stn.)

ट्रेन चालु आहेत काय..? (sent from Nerul Stn.)

are trains running properly from thane?

?? (sent from Dahisar)

from cst to currey road? (sent from Gtb Nagar Stn.)

what is current status of down fast trains??? (sent from Thane Stn.)

cst trains running? (sent from Thakurli)

CSMT to Kalyan train status? (sent from Cst)

anyone in the middle of thane an mulund station in Dombivali train?   (sent from Nahur)

what about cstm? are trains working for dadar (sent from Kandivali)

CST to badlapur train chali hai kya....?? (sent from Byculla Stn.)

1:20 titwala train what time reach at cst (sent from Cst Stn.)

This is the we people update on situation but where is railway. All are requested to put running status only. Don't ask question as people is giving running status only.  (sent from Kalamboli)

why cst train late (sent from Vithalwadi Stn.)

what is the status of CR line from CST to Ambarnath...are all locals running on time...plz update

what is the status of thane to kalyan slow line (sent from Kandivali Stn.)

central line problem or what (sent from Vithalwadi Stn.)

what is status of trains from cst (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

what's the status of train towards CST (sent from Kanjur Marg)

what is current status of Ghatkopar to Kalyan train

What is status of asangaon train (sent from Vasind Stn.)

any news in Sion station ?? (sent from Vikhroli)

kalyan wale ko dadar air matunga ka update kisne diya? news wale update mat do bhai (sent from Kalva)

what about titwala Thane and karjat Thane train status (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

train status from dombivli to cst?  (sent from Thakurli)

thane to dadar trains working ?

why there is no announcement about 10:10? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

how come 10 mins late trains are on time?? (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)

badlapur trains r running ??? (sent from Airoli)

2:38 ki kasara train dadar se paas hui hai kya? please reply (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

Trains from dombivli to kasara are on time?  (sent from Dombivli)

what is price of 3 month pass from Thane to cst

Kalyan to Kurla chalu hai??? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

khopoli to csmt train is where pls tell anyine (sent from Shahad Stn.)

trains are running from badlapur to cst? please reply it's emergency (sent from Titwala)

what about kurla to ambernath?  (sent from Chunabhatti)

what is train status from CST to dom (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)

what about khopoli kalyan trains...???? (sent from Khopoli Stn.)

is it safe to come tdy....trains issue hga kya?? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

Kurla to vittalwadi train chalu hai kya ??

any mega blok on thane - kalyan route  ??? (sent from Thakurli Stn.)

any problem is there or what??  (sent from Kopar)

thane to kanjurmarg.. slow train running?  (sent from Thane)

karjat to CST Train status ? (sent from Vangani Stn.)

from Kalyan towards bhusaval side exp trains status ??? (sent from Borivali)

what about Dadar to Kasara?? (sent from Virar Stn.)

trains update pls?

any one who travelled from kalyan to csmt

centeral chalu hai kya? (sent from Elphinstone Road Stn.)

kopar to thana train chalu hai or band? (sent from Juchandra Road)

shahad  to mulund train status ??

Is running or not 

Dombivali se mulund chalu hai? 

Asangaon to cst train chalu hai kya? (sent from Asangaon)

are trains working properly ? (sent from Ghatkopar)

where you wanna go Priyanka  (sent from Vasind)

is there any mega block tomorrow between kasara to dadar morning 5 to 10 am (sent from Lower Parel)

what is status at kurla (sent from Govandi Stn.)

badlpur ka status he? (sent from Badlapur)

tithe pani bharlay ka sion ani kurla chya madhye ???

dadar to thane???? (sent from Dadar Stn.)

I wanted to go Surat is it possible to go from Virar??? (sent from Nalla Sopara)

where is karjat train nw?? 

what happnd bruh? (sent from Chunabhatti)

is central railway is okk??????????? (sent from Mahalakshmi Stn.)

 is trains are late from csmt?  (sent from Elphinstone Road Stn.)

where is ladies spl? (sent from Mulund Stn.)

kalyan to thane train on time hain kya?  (sent from Nahur Stn.)

what is the status of central railway (sent from Thane Stn.)

 Central Line kaha se kaha tak chalu hai..???

where is Badlapur car local (sent from Ambernath Stn.)

is that okay to step out today? 😂 (sent from Thakurli Stn.)

kalyan to kurla train status?  (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

Thane to CST status? (sent from Rabale Stn.)

trains r running? (sent from Chunabhatti)

what's the status now (sent from Bhandup Stn.)

?? (sent from Belapur Cbd Stn.)

Is train going properly from Kalyan to Thane? (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)

are trains working from CST to thane? (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)

is cst train running?? (sent from Mira Road)

व्हॉट अबाऊट कुर्ला टू सीएसटी ? (sent from Chunabhatti)

what about Ulhasnagar to Thane...  (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)

cst se karjat chalu h kya? (sent from Airoli Stn.)

aaj mega block ahe ki nahi Badlapur teh Kalyan chya madhe?

what about Kurla to mumbra (sent from Kurla Stn.)

what is status of train running from thane to vashi/nerul?

train chalu hai kya?? (sent from Cst Stn.)

what about Asangaon train thane to kadara (sent from Thane Stn.)

r trains running? (sent from Dadar Stn.)

any update of trains moving towards Kalyan titwala how much delay???  (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

mulund to badlapur train what's the status??

is there any trains running to go ulhasnagar (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

any train issues? (sent from Dombivli)

what is status of trains from cst to ambernath

what's the status of Mumbai bound csmt local down from Kalyan

are trains delayed on central line . what  is the status between Thane and  vikroli  (sent from Koparkhairne Stn.)

what the status of kurla to cst train station (sent from Matunga Road Stn.)

Are trains from Sandhurst road to byculla on time? (sent from Nerul)

are trains from Thane-CST running on time? (sent from Bhandup)

current train status? (sent from Thakurli)

you can't read single msg on this chat, what use? (sent from Ambernath)

guys, trains from ulhasnagar on time ? any idea  (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

At Kalyan station... LTT Vishakaptham express... in that train The Mother. give birth to child... That why the train was halt from 20 min... Doctor... has been arranged  (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

what is the status of csmt  (sent from Goregaon Stn.)

karjat to CST trains chalu hai kya???

karjat to thane status ? (sent from Neral)

what is the status of express mail (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)

who r at thane now (sent from Thakurli Stn.)

are train running between kalyan to ghatkoper? 

thane to cst working fine? (sent from Airoli)

Thane to CST train status ?

central lines ka train chalu hai kya? (sent from Badlapur)

any announcement at thane?? (sent from Kalva Stn.)

what the hell man there are no trains for karjat (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

thane to ambarnath chalu hai kya????  (sent from Airoli Stn.)

is 8.36 thane local cancelled?? or there? (sent from Mulund Stn.)

train status at kanjirmarg pl? (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)

train is running or not 

Where is 12.45 fast reached from ulhasnagar

what status vasai 🚆 train (sent from Thakurli Stn.)

8.38 am badlapur thane station pe aaeei kya? (sent from Thane)

kalyan to thane is it working? (sent from Vithalwadi)

hi rupali how r u (sent from Vithalwadi Stn.)

is it safe to leave home? 

acha ye reply kese krte h mention krke ?

what happened with local 

dombivli to cst train chalu hai kya ? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

Are the trains working from Thane to Kalyan? (sent from Ghatkopar)

is there running on time at kalva towards csmt (sent from Kalva)

Train let ahet ka, ani kiti let ahet ? (sent from Dativali Stn.)

vasai diva chalu h kya?? (sent from Badlapur)

people asking reason why trains are running late please read above comments (sent from Thane Stn.)

twitter is the medium where you could expect an answer

still in train which is halted in between Kalyan and shahad since last 1 hour (sent from Kalyan)

8.34 dombivali train still stucked in mulund thane. what has happened will the grps will reply sir plz.  (sent from Mulund)

mulund to cst..?? (sent from Mulund)

badlapur karjat khopoli train chalu hai kya?  (sent from Badlapur)

where is thane karjat.  12.28 from dombivali (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

what's the issue 

what is exact situation of trains at ulhasnagar (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

train from Ghatkopar to cst working properly or not??? (sent from Ghatkopar)

why dombivali train is stuck at kalva ??? it now 20-30 min  (sent from Kalva)

central and western? (sent from Chembur)

kalyan to karaj trains?  (sent from Dombivli)

 thane to Badlapur? (sent from Thane Stn.)

central line train working  or not

train chalu hai kya ghatkoper to thane?? (sent from Vile Parle Stn.)

train status from thane to cst ??  (sent from Matunga Road Stn.)

what is the status of the central railway. is it late ?? (sent from Grant Road Stn.)

kalyan to  kasara working ? (sent from Kalyan)

any problem towards Kalyan?  (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

trains chalu hai kya?  (sent from Dombivli)

Are trains working from kurla to thane? (sent from Kharghar)

train late hai kya? (sent from Bhivpuriroad Stn.)

are trains on time for cst? (sent from Ghatkopar)

please tell me thane to CST status?

I want to go Airoli so pls advise which are the best route can I go for dadar Thane Airoli or andheri Ghatkopar Thane and Airoli????  (sent from Goregaon Stn.)

any update from Kalyan to CST??

thane to Ghatkopar chal ra hai kya? (sent from Airoli)

on time ki late hai? (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)

raining ahead? (sent from Vithalwadi)

what status of ambernath train 8.27

what is status of train?  (sent from Mulund)

thane to Cst trains are late?? 

central line working? (sent from Andheri)

are central line trains running?  (sent from Ambernath Stn.)

taims chal rahi hai kya.? (sent from Vithalwadi Stn.)

what about kalyan se karjat , are locals running? (sent from Kings Circle Stn.)

will i get the train from ghatkoper to dombivli at 10.45am?

Kalyan to Asangaon train chalu zhalya ka???? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

airoli-thane any status? (sent from Thane Stn.)

i want to make local train pass where should i go

is problem sortout? 

is there any stuck between cst to thane???? 

where is Badlapur thane (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

status of trains from thane towards CST? (sent from Thane Stn.)

what is karjat train status? (sent from Ambernath)

current status?

thane to dadar is everything alright?

which train is available for Ahmedabad  (sent from Cst Stn.)

badlapur cst trains?? (sent from Badlapur Stn.)

trains late par are they running proper?  (sent from Thane)

shahad to Cst train on time????? (sent from Byculla)

krula to cst train status? (sent from Koparkhairne)

no one is replied . why this option in this m indicator 

pakka? (sent from Airoli)

what  is the status of trains from karjat to badlapur (sent from Badlapur Stn.)

what about dadar to Thane trains (sent from Khar Road Stn.)

is there a mega Blok today  (sent from Badlapur)

trains Chalu hai? (sent from Nahur)

8.03 karjat slow from Thane arrived??  (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)

vikhroli to cst time pe Hai ki Nai?  (sent from Vikhroli)

which time morning train start

how to reach kurla to thane

I'm stuck at Mulund station..any update if the trains are running upto thane?  (sent from Mulund Stn.)

hi.. Iam at nashik.let me know kasara to kalyan local train position & Is raining there?

Kurka to Thane trains chalu hai kya? (sent from Kurla)

status of train from Parel to Kurla? (sent from Elphinstone Road)

what is the problem  titwala to cst

is the issue now cleared (sent from Bhandup Stn.)

are trains on time? (sent from Shahad)

what about ghatkopar to kalyan (sent from Ghatkopar)

8 47 thane cst status?  (sent from Mulund Stn.)

train's tym pe chalu h ? Kalyan to ambivali

tomorrow is megablock or not ? (sent from Jogeshwari)

thane se Badlapur train Status?  (sent from Khandeshwar)

are trains on time? (sent from Shahad)

why train is to late kalyan 8.22 is still onghatkopar (sent from Mulund Stn.)

r trains in time? (sent from Ambivli)

CST*? (sent from Koparkhairne)

heavy rains at bhandup.....are trains working from bhandup to cst?? (sent from Nahur)

Central trains dombivili to cst ok?

trains are running right time to CST route? (sent from Diva Jn)

from ambernath local are on time ? (sent from Ambernath)

what about badlapur ????

trains chalu h kya ? (sent from Badlapur)

what's the situation (sent from Andheri)

dadar train is working or not ??

anybody know if metro from ghatkopar to andheri running properly? 

All trains are working Properly or Not?

 any train to karjat ... ? (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)

Airoli to CST best route for today? (sent from Airoli)

badlapur fast left from cst? (sent from Dadar Stn.)

my clg is in vidhyavihar..and I m right now in Dombivli...should I go to my clg?? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

train status from Badlapur? 

train chalu ahet ka? (sent from Shelu)

what's situation on thane station?? (sent from Badlapur)

Kalyan Ghatkopar?

ambernath to cst train? 

diva se badlapur k liye train available hai???  (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)

latest central train update? (sent from Kings Circle Stn.)

train available??from cst to pune?

are central trains running on time?  (sent from Thane)

is Dombivali to cst train running? (sent from Dombivli)

what about trains from airoli are they running properly? (sent from Airoli Stn.)

vashi to chembur train running kar rahi hai kya?  (sent from Rabale)

Exactly. That's what I'm thinking. If a girl can travel without any issues then why can't others?? I reached from Kalyan to Ghatkopar without any issues. 

Announcement made at Thane station that Due to technical problems in the train between Nahur and Mulund. Slow Track is at halt. (sent from Thane Stn.)

what is d status of central.?  (sent from Kanjur Marg)

guys pls update for train status from Kalyan to dadar? (sent from Kalyan)

what's problem of train near kurla

badlapur to cst train status?? (sent from Badlapur)

is khopoli fast train halt @ neral ? (sent from Marine Lines)

what is the status of trian from Kalyan??

nahur to kurla train chalu ahet ka....? (sent from Nahur)

Vikhroli to Kurla working? (sent from Vikhroli)

any update for train towards cst?  (sent from Vithalwadi Stn.)

are the trains running from dadar to kurla ??? (sent from Matunga Road Stn.)

trains towards Kurla are working properly?? (sent from Mulund)

any update on jobs....? (sent from Vasind)

is it true?

status of train from Ghatkopar to Thane?

from Badlapur to thane trains r fine? (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)

Are trains between Thane to csmt running on time? (sent from Kalva)

Any water logging from Kalyan to Dadar?

i mean the status of train? (sent from Mulund Stn.)

 बदलापूरला भयंकर पाऊस पडत आहे गाड्या वेळेवर आहेत का? (sent from Badlapur)

are trains running from CSMT to Dombivli?? (sent from Churchgate)

what about bhandup to diva??  (sent from Nahur Stn.)

Is train on time?

kalyan train status?  (sent from Kalyan)

7.32pm Karjat train from Ambernath.. kya status???

are the trains on time...??

I am in Ambernath any body tell me i want go to Kurla What is the current status Both stations  (sent from Ambernath)

where is kasara train now?  (sent from Shahad Stn.)

What  (sent from Borivali Stn.)

What is the status of trains from Kurla to Thane? (sent from Vidyavihar)

Are trains from Thane to badlapur side running? (sent from Airoli)

central trains are running or not?

what is the status of central line  (sent from Vangani Stn.)

thane see ghatkopar slow chalu hai Kya? (sent from Thane Stn.)

delayed hone do chalega.. but chal Rahi hai na k stuck ho gayi hai kahin pe? (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

trains cancelled?

dombivali to cst all ok...!?  (sent from Churchgate)

what's the position between Thane to Kalyan

9.33 cst fast lft frm thane?  (sent from Mulund)

diva to cstm trains status? (sent from Dativali Stn.)

what update of kurla (sent from Kalva)

titwala to thane train status??? (sent from Titwala Stn.)

Thane cst train chalu hai kya ?

central line trains are working?? (sent from Vikhroli)

why trains are delayed by 10 to 15 min i m from bhanduo (sent from Bhandup Stn.)

are the trains very crowded? 

any update regarding central train?  (sent from Ambernath)

Abe train 20-30 minute late hai.. ya 20-30 minute me ek train hai??? clear batao... bik gayi hai gormint  (sent from Bhandup Stn.)

are trains running?

what is the status of trains at Parel? (sent from Matunga Road Stn.)

are slow trains towards cstm running smoothly??

any news for trains towards kalyan?

cr railway let but what issues (sent from Thane Stn.)

? can someone answer the same.

now??  (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)

? (sent from Shahad)

heavy rain in Dombivli...what about in Mumbai?

hey guys what is status for dadar dombivli train

trains kyu ruki hai?  (sent from Vidyavihar Stn.)

what is the train status at kalyan stn? (sent from Kalyan)

trains are on time or not?? (sent from Khar Road)

is there any problem at kalyan (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

what is status  (sent from Chinchpokli Stn.)

Thane to Ghatkopar ? Train running ? (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)

town side there's raining like hell please suggest what do i do??? (sent from Elphinstone Road)

trains r running on time? (sent from Shahad)

When did the train start from Kalyan? (sent from Shahad)

12:19 ambarnath to cst is slow or fast ?  (sent from Kalyan)

from Ghatkopar to Kalyan train running properly? 

is it trains running on time?

what is running status local at Kalyan (sent from Sandhurst Road)

Barsat ka mausam hai na? 

 are trains running on time today? (sent from Shahad)

what's the status kalyan to dadar (sent from Ambivli)

train chalu hai aaj? 

after parel station no guarantee how much late coz me n my friend other train stuck.....slow slow trains (sent from Chinchpokli Stn.)

where is Kalyan 8.38  (sent from Kopar Stn.)

what is train status  (sent from Mulund)

what is the status of thane station? ?? (sent from Nalla Sopara)

Thane to sadar train chalu ahe Ka ?  (sent from Koparkhairne)

dombivali to cst running alright? (sent from Dombivli)

THANE to kanjurmarg route is clear?  (sent from Mumbra Stn.)

ghatkopr to Thane is working?

Please do not keep asking for updates. People who are commuting will update as it is. Please do not create a nuisance.  (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)

what status of trains from Mulund to Dombivli? (sent from Mulund)

Train from Kalyan to CST running properly ?

are trains running from dadar to kurla?

vidarbha express announced on dadar station. those who want to catch the train rush to the station as it is 2nd announcement. (sent from Dadar Stn.)

are trains on time now ???  (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

Badlapur fast status pls??? (sent from Thane)

Kalyan to CST on time? (sent from Kalyan)

what time is left from station (sent from Mulund Stn.)

6.51 Thane Badlapur???  (sent from Thane Stn.)

is it raining in mumbai?

from ulhasnagar what's the situation? (sent from Shahad)

is cstm train from Kasara is running ?

what is train status (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

hey guys what is the situation about train in sion ? (sent from Vidyavihar)

what is the status of kasara train 

sab sabki lete hai...tell him how long u have been waiting...say the bus is crowded too plus sab Jaga paani bhari hai...and u ain't lying..u are saying the truth...so relax and just say what u are facing (sent from Mulund)

pl update on badlapur to kalyan train status. is service restored which was suspended an hour ago

kya cst to kalyan chalu hai? (sent from Churchgate)

is trains are on time? (sent from Shahad)

what is status of Kalyan badlapur local trains  (sent from Andheri)

Thane se cst chalu hai kya? (sent from Mulund)

Train chalu h kya ??  (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

Kalyan to Dadar?  (sent from Shahad)

what is train problem between bhandup and thane (sent from Nahur Stn.)

Trains are running from cst to kurla?? (sent from Ghansoli)

dom to dadar train chalu hai ka? (sent from Kopar)

what is the status on the route kalyan to kasara? (sent from Karjat Stn.)

are the Thane to CST trains running???? please help (sent from Mulund)

what about Sion 

stuck at same place. any info for down trains?  (sent from Kalva)

status from dadar to karjat ?

is any one there who is coming in my car I can help  (sent from Vidyavihar Stn.)

?? (sent from Dombivli)

Badlapur to cst ? (sent from Badlapur)

Yes what is status of 9:02 let me know once u vl get info (sent from Shahad)

whats the status about Mulund-Dombivali ??? (sent from Mulund)

are trains running form badlapur towards cst on time? (sent from Badlapur)

trains in their regular time or not?

what is issue in train? (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)

what are the status of busses from Kalyan to vashi..does anyone know???  (sent from Shahad)

are train between kalyan and cst working? (sent from Vithalwadi)

ghatkopar????? (sent from Shahad)

what about fast train at thane station

kalyan. ..cst ..  ????

is there any trains from nerul to thane (sent from Nerul Stn.)

central line train are on time or what ???? (sent from Kanjur Marg)

10:10 fast train from dombivli to cst any updates? (sent from Dombivli)

Anything seen at dombivali?  (sent from Thakurli)

what about slow train (sent from Shahad)

are trains on time?? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

rains anywhere? (sent from Chunabhatti)

whr is kalyan dadar 15 carts train?  (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

hi..i want to go to Pune from Dadar..So is there any affect of rain on express trains ?

 ghatkopar to dadar time par hai kya? (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)

since when and how long no train? (sent from Thakurli)

is there trains running between Titwala n Thane (sent from Titwala Stn.)

is train running fine from kurla to thane??

is everything ok now?  (sent from Kanjur Marg)

Central line status to kalyan?(sent from ghatkopar)

 , ,;?/*::-"©\ 

what is current status of csmt to kasara train

is train working from Parel station ?

45 Min Late?

karjat trains chaluu huvi kyaa?

where did u get this update (sent from Sandhurst Road)

vitthal vadi  la pani bharala ahe ? (sent from Elphinstone Road Stn.)

12.32 fast still not reach to kalyan stn any update?

hiii guys what u can say toady train satus.....please.    (sent from Kurla)

is the problem with the trains 

hey is  6.06 train arrived at badlapur sent  from karjat ?

where ya reach now?  when you reach at thane,  lemme know current status  (sent from Kurla Stn.)

Kalyan to cst train status?  (sent from Vithalwadi)

kalyan to cst are running? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

whatss the status of Ambarnath to cstm??

how would I know just come to dadar u will get karjat local over dre (sent from Vidyavihar Stn.)

what is status of badlapur to khopoli (sent from Badlapur Stn.)

Train status for kasara line from dadar?  (sent from Dadar)

Kalyan station me Pani hai Kay ??

wht abt thane to cst guys?  (sent from Rabale)

badlapur to karjat trains chalu ahet ka? (sent from Badlapur)

any train from thane to cst? 

are trains working?

thane me kunjvihar vada pav chalu hai kya? 

what is atual status kalyan to CST train now (sent from Thakurli)

what about train from thakurli (sent from Thakurli Stn.)

trains from Thane to karjat?

plzzz any1 give a status of thane to CST train ???? (sent from Mulund Stn.)

6:50 karjat is on time.?  (sent from Badlapur)

Spam these guys who talk other than concerns  (sent from Nahur)

are trains are runing from vidyavihat (sent from Vidyavihar)

how abt kurla to dadar line? (sent from Govandi)

anyone from. Matunga can give update? 

status of slow trains? (sent from Nahur Stn.)

badlapur ambernath trains running ?? (sent from Santa Cruz Stn.)

thane to badlapur ka status???

trains running??? from kanjur to cst? 

dombivli to cst tarins are running?? (sent from Dombivli)

train late? why (sent from Churchgate)

china se india ka train chalu hai kya? (sent from Vithalwadi)

any updates from dombivili..?

why 8.45 Kalyan CST semifast not having three coaches f (sent from Mumbra)

Dimbivlit ratrabhar bhar bharun paus. but what is current status on train? (sent from Thakurli)

where is asan hain train (sent from Asangaon Stn.)

Thane cst ontime hai kya ? (sent from Thane Stn.)

is 8:18thane late? (sent from Kalyan)

What is exact problem  (sent from Rabale)

what is status at badlapur

train from badlapur to cst status ,?? (sent from Badlapur)

status of vasai to virar trains?

trains are in time ? (sent from Dombivli)

are trains running to Kasara? please reply  (sent from Kalva)

are trains running from dombivli to dadar?

all? (sent from Shahad)

dombivali to cst? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

Dadar to Thane trains running? (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)

sion se Dombivali jaa skti hu na? (sent from Kings Circle)

are trains running between karjat and kalyan ? (sent from Shahad)

line Kaha se Kaha tak block hai???? (sent from Masjid Stn.)

which is this office I Wana join (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)

what is the exact issue pls share?

how train is running  (sent from Ghansoli)

patanjali sim card ka network kaisa hai ?

can anybody tell me status of 15 car fast local to kalyan?

Dadar to thane trains on time??

kurla thane chalu hai kya?  (sent from Turbhe)

where is khopoli train (sent from Badlapur Stn.)

ambernath to thane? (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)

is dadar to mumbai central available? (sent from Tilak Nagar Stn.)

is train on time ??

is the problem solved between Kalyan to dombivali (sent from Karjat Stn.)

are trains on central line on time? (sent from Vasind)

no trains are cancelled ? aaj chutti Nahi le sakta office jane (sent from Vithalwadi)

Thane ghatkopar train. running?

what about the status trains from Karla to cst??? (sent from Khandeshwar Stn.)

R trains haulting @ Thakurli? (sent from Thakurli Stn.)

train are on time or not

??

trains are late by how much time 		?  (sent from Chunabhatti)

dadar to thank? (sent from Sion Stn.)

any Train status for Nahur to CSMT?  (sent from Nahur)

CST Kalyan route started ??

check in Western line chat (sent from Dombivli)

i want.. any stall open? 

status of thane station???? please anyone responsible person give guidance (sent from Mulund)

is train running on time? (sent from Badlapur)

ghansoli to mulund status ?? (sent from Ghansoli)

train status from thane to Dombivli?? (sent from Koparkhairne Stn.)

is Kasara to Kalyan train are running on time ??  (sent from Kalyan)

what's a status of Thane  (sent from Matunga Road Stn.)

shahad se trains chalu hain kya on time yaa late hain? (sent from Vithalwadi)

any status of train towards kurla frm thane ? (sent from Mulund Stn.)

u might go lekin aane ka kya?  (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

Are Ghatkopar To Parel Trains Running??

what's status of sion to ghatkoper (sent from Sion Stn.)

what about the central line ..from Kalyan to csmt (sent from Mulund)

karjat to ambernath what's position? 

trains on time or not

trains are running on time ??? (sent from Malad)

trains from khopoli running? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

where is 4 : 54 BL ( send from dombivli ) (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

where is 8:53 For CSMT (sent from Badlapur)

what about dadar station towards kasara?

Duranto Ald is running how much late today?

kopar_ vasai cha route chalu ahe ka.? (sent from Badlapur)

??? (sent from Jogeshwari)

what was the current status of central railway....? (sent from Badlapur)

train status?

is train working from Airoli to Thane? (sent from Airoli)

ghatkopar to cst.   all good? (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

is central train are working??

thane to dadar slow delay hai??? (sent from Bandra Stn.)

is kalyan -cst running?? (sent from Dadar)

what about trans habour (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

what about Thane to thakurli (sent from Koparkhairne)

Ambarnath to CST ?? (sent from Ambernath)

abhi kya haal hai trains ka?  (sent from Kalyan)

kurla me pani bhar gaya h kya?? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

r trains running between thane to karjat ??? pls rply

traina are on time??

Thane to Diva train Chalu ahe ka ? (sent from Thane)

train towards cst from mumbra running or not 

what is the status (sent from Kalyan)

trains between kurla to badlapur.. are they working ??

hi what's the central line status (sent from Juinagar)

Any train from Kalwa?? (sent from Kalva)

train from Matunga to Kalyan? (sent from Matunga Road Stn.)

why no trains to Kalyan .? waiting from so long. (sent from Kopar)

what about train problem

what is the status of thane trains

goregaon to sewri train available?

Are trains running from Ghatkopar to Parel??  (sent from Ghatkopar)

what about thane to csmt trains?? (sent from Koparkhairne Stn.)

anyone ? (sent from Tilak Nagar Stn.)

Ghatkopar to cstm running? (sent from Andheri)

R u fast trains from dadar towards kalyan running?  (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)

8:18 CST Thane status? (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)

what about central line status (sent from Cotton Green)

what is the status of Dombivli to Kanjurmarg? (sent from Kopar Stn.)

ghatkopar to kalyan train running?

what about dom. 9.06?

slow trains towards Thane are working? (sent from Vidyavihar)

Mumbai Pune trains resumed?  (sent from Badlapur)

what is status about thane to karjat

what about slow train  (sent from Borivali Stn.)

Kalyan 15 car kaha h? (sent from Ghatkopar)

how are trains from ambernath to cst working any trains cancelled (sent from Ambernath)

Deccan train is on time..?? (sent from Andheri Stn.)

are trains on time? (sent from Mulund Stn.)

can anyone give information of are buses or autos running in thane? 

kalyan to cst ka status batao? 

kalwa station ??? (sent from Kopar Stn.)

???

any update? (sent from Mankhurd Stn.)

mail proper chalana hai railway ko what abt locals  (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

dadar se kalayan hai kya???

what about 8:32 Badlapur (sent from Thane Stn.)

dombivli to cst chalu hai kya? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

what is the status of trains from currey road to ghatkopar (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)

Heavy rains Ghat koper, marol please stay at home

Is it raining heavily there?? (sent from Khopoli)

Ghatkopar to CST trains running or not? (sent from Ghatkopar)

kalyan train are running?

why? (sent from Thakurli)

karjat to kalyan local chalu hai kya??

What is the train problem from mulund to kalwa takes 45 minutes  (sent from Kalva Stn.)

hello... trains are running properly on central line or not?

what's the status of thane Kalyan 

titwala train chalu hai ka??? (sent from Kalva)

any delays on Kalyan - Ghatkopar route ? pls inform (sent from Thakurli)

Pani kaha bhara hey?   (sent from Badlapur Stn.)

btw does anyone know if malshej ghat is open?? (sent from Bhandup)

status from kurla to csmt? (sent from Kurla Stn.)

5.55 badalapur fast train from vikhroli station is on time?? (sent from Vikhroli)

How's the condition at Thane? Are the trains moving smoothly? (sent from Ghatkopar)

where is sainagar shirdi fast passanger (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)

plz send ghatkopar to dombivli train status?

trains r running? (sent from Thakurli)

Is the bridge at Sandhurst Road. Ok & Fine now , No effects on local trains. (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)

thane to Kalyan??? (sent from Kalva Stn.)

status of kalyan going trains? (sent from Kurla)

where is Titwala local (sent from Titwala Stn.)

why trains are standing in kalyan status

2.13 cst fast from thane where is it ? (sent from Thane Stn.)

central line kaha se kaha tak chal Rahi hai ??

is there megablock on 22nd july sunday? (sent from Neral Stn.)

all train are in time?? (sent from Karjat)

took 1 hr to travel from ambernath to Kalyan. what is the reason. kal mega block me kya Kiya. Abhi to delays daily ka issue ho gaya hai (sent from Thakurli)

are trains running from Ambernath to CST ?

is it raining in mumbai?

thane- vashi route started or not ? (sent from Thakurli Stn.)

ghatkoper to badlapur trains are running or not

what is the position of byculla to thane (sent from Dockyard Road)

trains r running late?? (sent from Dombivli)

please update dadar to thane train are running on time? (sent from Dahisar)

is central line working??

thane to badlapur fast trIn chalu hai? 

is therewater logging started in kalyan, dombivli, sion , kurla?? (sent from Kalyan)

airoli to thane trains aare working?

where is titwala thane (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

 trains chal rahe hai kya? (sent from Thane)

trains working? (sent from Ghansoli)

where is the issue ??? (sent from Bhandup Stn.)

दादर csmt?? 

what is the position of trains right now (sent from Kalyan)

where is 11:54 karjat from thane?

what is the status of karjat train from thane (sent from Thane Stn.)

trains status of central line ? (sent from Shahad)

Any issues at Andheri?

is trains are running from thane to CST?

cst Thane trains are running??  (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)

pagal hey kya thu??? (sent from Malad)

megablock tomorrow? 29july any updates? 

The railway station master just announced about some problem of trains.. couldn't hear it clearly.. can anyone tell wht the problem is?

what is problem near nahur (sent from Nahur Stn.)

Dombivli to catch chalu he? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

bandra to cstm trains are working or not

what is the status of trn from thane to kalyan? 

Belapur to Thane ?? (sent from Vithalwadi)

vithalwadi to thane plz update?  

twrds thane kya status hai trns ka?

train's are on time? (sent from Vithalwadi)

is there any issue in central line. trains are running slow (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

Why are there no trains available from thane to cst?? (sent from Thane)

Trains are on time or not ? Kalyan to Kurla  (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

kurla to Kalyan chalu hai?  (sent from Sion Stn.)

what is situation at Sion...?

what is the situation in matunga (sent from Chunabhatti)

cr line train running on time ??? pls update from badlapur

please any update at dombivali station? (sent from Dombivli)

for what?? I was asking not informing

is the train working properly (sent from Bhandup)

hi can anyone update train status from dadar to kalyan? (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)

is central line running fine? from thane downwards (sent from Rabale)

heyy can anyone please tell me if central is working fine or now? (sent from Airoli)

can anyone tell about bhandup? (sent from Bhandup Stn.)

what about 7:18 local fast towards cst from kalyan (sent from Thane Stn.)

judian?  (sent from Vithalwadi)

wts status of fast trains between cst to kalyan? (sent from Sandhurst Road)

any accident or something else ? (sent from Mumbra Stn.)

central line is working well? (sent from Churchgate)

CSMT to Ambernath working?? (sent from Rabale)

ulhasnager train chalu ha ????

7.46 karjat status.?  (sent from Churchgate Stn.)

badlapur to cst??  (sent from Badlapur Stn.)

Ambenath to thane train ? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

hi what status in ghatkopar towards kalyan 

badlapur la last train kiti wajta ahe? (sent from Badlapur)

ghatkopar to badlapur train are on time ?? (sent from Badlapur)

is Andheri area flooded?? (sent from Vidyavihar)

What is the status Train Service towards CST? (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)

what abou down line cst to thane (sent from Vikhroli)

what is the status of train from dombivali to curry road (sent from Dombivli)

train chalu hai Kya cst ke? (sent from Kalyan)

where is 1.14 cst fast from Thane 

fast track suru aahe ke slow? 

kasara local status??

departed from nahur to Bhandup ??? (sent from Vashi Stn.)

from kalyan locals towards cst ? (sent from Shahad)

thane cst chalu aahe ka?

hi status of Ambarnath Ulhasnagar...?

what status of train from mulund too asangaon  (sent from Nahur)

what is the train situation towards karjat/Badlapur/khopoli (sent from Airoli Stn.)

Trains to CST from Thane working ?

how much time take to travel from thane to Patel by slow train. ?? (sent from Mulund Stn.)

train time pe hai Kya?

are train working from thane towards cst??

is there still any issue on central line? (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)

slow trains are running on time or not?

what is the status of kasara to cst train

How abt 9:50 CST train from Ambernath

CST to Thane chalu hai kya? (sent from Churchgate)

is trans- harbor line running smoothly ? (sent from Kalva)

central line are working or not??? (sent from Sandhurst Road)

who said??? (sent from Vidyavihar Stn.)

qmulund to titwala train on time?

4:53 badlapur has cancelled?  (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)

are cst trains up and running ? (sent from Dombivli)

where is thane Asangaon (sent from Ambivli)

what is current status now. train running or not 

Sion ka status kya hai? water logging  (sent from Thane)

intercity ka status kya hai? it hasnt even crossed dadar according to m-indic. (sent from Thane Stn.)

trains are moving ? (sent from Dombivli)

Any update..? (sent from Dombivli)

status of vidyavihar?

can someone update if trains are working from virR to churchgate? (sent from Nalla Sopara)

are trains running from cst to kalyan ?

what about Dadar to Thane? (sent from Santa Cruz)

are all trains on time ?? (sent from Badlapur Stn.)

thane  to cst local running ???  (sent from Thane Stn.)

mulund mein pani bhara ha kya?

are train running on time?cst to kalyan?  (sent from Byculla Stn.)

y,????? (sent from Mulund)

11009 train is on time or delayed?

any update train from Thane is CST ?? (sent from Rabale)

are trains moving from byculla to Mulund?? (sent from Byculla Stn.)

slow trains running? (sent from Kurla Stn.)

can any one tell is there any train from Thane to kurla? (sent from Vashi Stn.)

Does anybody knows status between kasara to kalyan?

towards cst trains are working?? (sent from Chunabhatti)

what happnd to uh (sent from Vashi Stn.)

kalyan to Kasara? (sent from Khar Road)

what abt ghatkopar to Kalyan 

 karjat khopoli train chalu aahe ka? (sent from Mulund Stn.)

any update about hte cst to kalyan slow train? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

any issues at Kalyan station ? (sent from Kopar Stn.)

Mulund to Matunga Train Running??

train time pe hai kya? towards thane (sent from Kurla Stn.)

what is fast train from Dombivali to cstm reached  (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

is 8:27 ambernath to cstm on time??  (sent from Badlapur)

fast or slow?? (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)

Thane k aagey towards kalyan trains chal rahi h ?  (sent from Mulund)

what is the status ok kalyan-karjat route??

Sion to Dadar trains available?? (sent from Bhayander)

Ambernath to CST ...any updates on how are trains running? (sent from Airoli)

what happen exactly

?  (sent from Cst Stn.)

why dombivali slow train stuck between nahur & mulund (sent from Nahur Stn.)

train are running??from Karjat to csmt

trains working properly from thane to kalyan? (sent from Thane)

i m in titwala train which now reachd mumbra (sent from Kalva)

koperkhirane to andheri  javu shakto ka ?? (sent from Koparkhairne Stn.)

any water logging between kurla , sion track...?

what is the train status  (sent from Elphinstone Road)

khopoli fast status? (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)

down trains working ? (sent from Vidyavihar)

where is 9:09 krjt dombivlo

guys what's the problem can u somebody tell pls (sent from Chunabhatti)

where is khopoli train (sent from Thane Stn.)

what is train status (sent from Kopar Stn.)

Actually whats the problem? (sent from Jogeshwari Stn.)

?  (sent from Thane Stn.)

what is the of central line?

then why will u run , nonsenseee (sent from Belapur Cbd)

what is status of train leaving from karajat 10:45

then ulhasnagar mai bhi hoga ?? (sent from Karjat Stn.)

where is thane train ? (sent from Kurla Stn.)

what status of fast train. Train is stuck for last 30 min no annoucement  (sent from Mulund Stn.)

what about sion??

are trains running on time? (sent from Thane)

trains running slow??????? (sent from Vithalwadi)

what is tge status of trains towards badlapur. can anyone tell pls (sent from Gtb Nagar Stn.)

is diva vasai passenger is running today.....? (sent from Bhiwandi Road)

vidyavihar 2 vikhroli status? (sent from Vidyavihar Stn.)

wht abt central line............ from ambernath to thane..........?????

are trains running from kurla to csmt?

why is 8.14 and 8.47 getting cancelled everyday? (sent from Marine Lines Stn.)

what happens on slow local? (sent from Bhandup)

what about Ghatkopar to Thane? (sent from Goregaon)

what's Modi got to do with the train time tables (sent from Vikhroli)

what's the status from 7:21titwala cstm  (sent from Titwala Stn.)

when is next train for kopar vasai (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

what is status of central line local running ok (sent from Elphinstone Road)

ambernath to Thane??  (sent from Ambernath Stn.)

wht abt cst to dombivali..?

what about Ghatkopar to Kalyan trains status??

badlapur se ghatkopar train chal rha hai kya ? (sent from Badlapur)

Byculla to thane. train status please?? (sent from Mumbai Central)

what abt trains from dombivali to cst

is there mega block today?

trains time Pai hai kya ????? (sent from Ambernath)

train r working or not ? (sent from Neral)

why the hell people are asking same question again and again..... if you have the same question someone has asked earlier 😑😑 (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)

Kalyan to kasara what's the status  (sent from Vithalwadi Stn.)

dadar to cst? (sent from Dadar Stn.)

thane se trains are on na? (sent from Thane)

water Login?? (sent from Dombivli)

why fast train moving slowly any idea 

sseriously ?? (sent from Vangani Stn.)

what about Karjat to cst trains 

where is now 9:36 train  (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)

train status?? (sent from Mulund)

what's about karjat khopoli traij (sent from Manasarovar Stn.)

matunga pe paani bhara? 

thane cst ? (sent from Rabale)

trains on Time? any water clogging? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

sion krula what is situation

what's the status of trains between kalyan-Thane (sent from Mumbra Stn.)

kalwa stn la pani bharla ahe ka? (sent from Kalyan)

can someone tell me if, fast trains Stop at Currey road? (sent from Gtb Nagar Stn.)

dombivali to thane is working???  (sent from Panvel Stn.)

Any status from Ulhasnagar station?  (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

jogeshwari gore gaon chalu ahe? (sent from Churchgate)

any train travelling from kalyan to badlapur..??? (sent from Thane Stn.)

what's the situation at kurla and sion? (sent from Ambernath Stn.)

are trains on time from ghatkopar ?

central line add me 8879992147 what's up  (sent from Thane)

what about kalyan karjat (sent from Turbhe)

Kalyan to Thane working?

is train are running ? (sent from Kalva Stn.)

Dombivli to Thane slow local ka status? (sent from Thakurli)

train is running or not

diva vasai train chalu hai kya? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

what status thane to dadae (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)

dadar to churchgate route? (sent from Rabale)

what is problem in between Kurla sion (sent from Kurla Stn.)

where is 3.23 badlapur to cst train (sent from Badlapur Stn.)

8.06 thane to kalyan side train status ?

8.6 ki local shahad se nikli kya?? (sent from Shahad)

what is the status of Asangaon to CST Train.?.. (sent from Asangaon Stn.)

central line chaalu hai? 

whats the current status of the central line trains??

Train is running on times or not

Kurla to  Thane? (sent from Kharghar)

train' r working?

Dombivli -neral status? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

train time pe hai kya sabh??? (sent from Kalyan)

ghatkopar se badlapur local ja rahi hain kya??

any train till vidyavihar ?

FIRST QUESTION IS THERE ANY RAIL ROKO AT THANE RIGHT NOW? SECONDLY WHATS STATUS ON ROADS OF THANE? (sent from Kalyan)

are trains running late? from kasara to cst?  (sent from Titwala Stn.)

thane to baldapur kya hai?

is the central train eorking

what about sion to csmt? (sent from Sion Stn.)

wats the status of train between Thane and Kalyan?? (sent from Vithalwadi)

train towards karjat are running? (sent from Kalva Stn.)

what wire? overhead?

shahad to cst status?  (sent from Shahad)

Kasara 5.00 Am Train Left for CST? (sent from Thane Stn.)

is kalyan to pune trains are running.....?? (sent from Kalva)

is it train working proper ? (sent from Badlapur Stn.)

what about ambernath  (sent from Vashi Stn.)

is the central line running on time? (sent from Airoli)

Is the any type of waterlogging in Byculla?? Are the trains running on time ? (sent from Lower Parel)

thane mai Pani bharay Kya?? (sent from Thakurli)

dadar to Kaylan working properly?? (sent from Gtb Nagar)

central line chalu hai ?

people who are waiting for CST and Panvel at Andheri, suggesting to via Dadar Kurla route. all trains are running (sent from Chembur Stn.)

are trains running fine via Mulund and Thane?? (sent from Andheri)

why r train running late (sent from Mulund Stn.)

train issue on central line?? (sent from Bhandup Stn.)

what was the status from mumbra to cst (sent from Mumbra Stn.)

R u at thane...? 

why central line train are delayed? (sent from Nahur)

khopoli jaane ke liye aaj local train available h kya. ?

every thing fine today?? (sent from Kalva Stn.)

dombivli to cst train are running or not? 

7.07ki ghatkopar kaha hai abhi??  (sent from Ghatkopar)

thane panvel train chalu aahe ka?

what about ladies spl.. please update (sent from Matunga Road Stn.)

what is status of Thane-CSMT trains? (sent from Thane)

kalyan pasun pudhe karjat train chalu ahet ka??? (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)

train status between Mulund and Dadar ? (sent from Nahur Stn.)

Is any issues between thane and kalyan, route?  (sent from Thane Stn.)

dadar starting train 5:30 Kalyan any updates please help???? (sent from Dadar Stn.)

how is this possible sir?. there are no instance of water logged at any station..  (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

what's the status of trains from Kalyan to CST??? (sent from Shahad)

is there water near sion Matunga track (sent from Kalyan)

are trains to nerul working? (sent from Dombivli)

r u from weather forecast department ? 🤔

it's come from Vagani Sidding that why (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

kalyan to Kasara? (sent from Khar Road)

Is there water logging at sion matunga?

western line ke chat mei daalo ye (sent from Mulund)

is train from Ulhasnagar 4:11 pm is on time? (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

sandhurst road se dadar chal rahi hai trai  bhai log? (sent from Sandhurst Road Stn.)

what about dombivli to kanjur marga 

are trains working properly?  (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

kurla to thane trains?? (sent from Khar Road)

what's the update on badlapur to ghatkopar train?

current status ? (sent from Vithalwadi)

status of train from dadar towards kasara?? (sent from Jogeshwari)

dombivli to Andheri status? (sent from Nilje)

trains on time today??

where has 12 53 cst fast from Kalyan reached (sent from Shahad Stn.)

kasara to thane local train time for  next 4 hour ?please

hello....Thana to bhandup chalo hai kya??

khopoli fast update?? (sent from Kurla Stn.)

train from Shahd to Asngaon??

Train from thane to dadar status? (sent from Thane)

Where is 8.30 thane local

where are 6:15 asangaon to cst (sent from Khadavli)

ghatkopAr to Dadar??

where is 15 car train (sent from Mahim Jn)

kalva stn ka kya situation he?  (sent from Ambernath)

at what time mangla will come (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

Byculla se train kithna min late hai ? (sent from Ambernath)

Trains are working??? (sent from Parel)

may some prblm is there in karjat train....??? 

what about slow train (sent from Shahad)

are trains on time ? (sent from Goregaon)

Anybody have updates for Thane train? (sent from Nahur Stn.)

what is status of trains from dombivli to kurla? (sent from Kopar Stn.)

kurla Sion what the status? (sent from Thakurli)

ट्रेन टाईमिंग काही फरक पडला आहे ka? late नाहीत ना गाड्या  (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

where is asangaon train now (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

?

karjat yo cst? (sent from Vangani Stn.)

harbor trains? 

what is the status

Karla to cst fast?  (sent from Chembur Stn.)

Central trains running on time????  (sent from Mulund)

what about kurla to cst? (sent from Kalyan)

what's the update about trains right nw (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

how times are late (sent from Vile Parle)

Are the trains working?

karjat thane Kya status Hein? (sent from Thane)

some issue between Nahur n Mulund? (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)

thane to Airoli status pls? (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)

trains late?? (sent from Mahim Jn)

Kalyan ambernath train running now?

is it central working ?

status of 9:47 dadar train from kalyan? (sent from Titwala Stn.)

asangav and kasara  local are on their  time ?

what the status (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)

wht is the status of water-logging from thane to kurla ??? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

is any update for last train from dombivli to cst

thane to cst trains status?  (sent from Mulund Stn.)

up trains are there? 

? (sent from Bhandup)

what about Diva Vasai

Thane to kopar running fine? (sent from Mulund)

7.40 ambernath from dadar train status??  (sent from Dadar Stn.)

what is the problem on central track (sent from Kalyan)

are trains running from Kalyan to Dadar? (sent from Shahad)

Where we will get live updates of local train?

what about kasara line? (sent from Kalva)

can anyone update what is the issue between thakurli to kalyan stsn karjat train stand on thakurli stsn since last 30min (sent from Thakurli Stn.)

kurla to thane working ??

how is the situation in western line?  (sent from Diva Jn)

is there any issue near Thane? Slow train stuck up at Nahur?  (sent from Nahur)

what's the status of central line trains ? (sent from Kalyan)

are trains late in central line? (sent from Dombivli)

or not much delay? (sent from Badlapur)

how is the train running between kasara to csmt (sent from Kasara Stn.)

water logging any where? (sent from Kalyan)

trains from cst to vikroli working?? (sent from Marine Lines)

From Ambarnath to CSTM trains are running out of schedule or not ?

guys plz tell me when is last train from kalyan to thane

Is central line working?

are train towards kalyan running on time ? (sent from Vidyavihar)

is central line working properly ? (sent from Koparkhairne)

trains from mulund to kalyan r they working? (sent from Mulund Stn.)

is there any water logging on Thane station? (sent from Cotton Green)

are the trains working? (sent from Ambernath)

thane to kasara? (sent from Thane Stn.)

can anyone pls update?

बोरिवली लाईन लेट आहे का ...?? (sent from Karjat Stn.)

 anyone is there in Badlapur..cstm first train ? (sent from Thane Stn.)

sion me pani bhara hai kya? (sent from Dadar Stn.)

thanks for the updates.. one more.. till kalyan or ahead too..?? trains frim Thane to badlapur running or not??

are trains running on time from badlapur to thane??  (sent from Badlapur)

मुंबई side ko baarish hai ki nhi?  (sent from Badlapur)

kasara route ke train ghatkopar mai nai aa raha hai from 45 min.??? any major problem ....? please reply my family is stucked there !! (sent from Ambivli Stn.)

western line closed but what about central line in general? (sent from Ambernath)

is there any chance to go back 

kidr paani bhara h kya? (sent from Dombivli)

Listen to your heart bcoz heart will beat faster when you see the boss😂

How CR Trains are runnin (sent from Thakurli)

trains running from Kalyan to Cst? (sent from Kalyan)

central line trains running normal or late? what status? (sent from Vikhroli)

why are trains so late and are getting cancelled today (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

is central working properly from kasama?

What about train towards DADAR ? Late, on-time or Cancel. (sent from Badlapur)

for how long? (sent from Thakurli)

thane se train?

is Der any issue? (sent from Ambernath Stn.)

ja sakate hai... you are searching property in karjat? pls contact shree samarth Reality 9021901122 (sent from Thakurli Stn.)

are the train running towards karjat?? (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

mulund to dombivali?? (sent from Mulund)

train time p h ky.?  (sent from Vithalwadi)

Train status guys plz on central line? Anybody let me know

dadar to ghatkopar? (sent from Bandra Stn.)

what is the Status from Titwala to Thane ?  (sent from Titwala)

train is ok?? (sent from Vidyavihar Stn.)

Kitna late? (sent from Kalva)

ट्रेन चालू है क्या? (sent from Nahur)

how much min are late trains today  (sent from Kalyan)

what is the situation of Ghatkopar (sent from Thakurli Stn.)

is there water logging at Sion and matunga (sent from Kalva Stn.)

status from dadar to thane ? (sent from Dadar Stn.)

dombivli thane what is status?? (sent from Dombivli)

diva pe rukegi Kya?? 

are trains running from cst to Kalyan?

which train 8.17 a.m. (sent from Nahur Stn.)

10:52 thane Pf 1 has it left?  (sent from Mulund Stn.)

can someone pls share status of trains ??

what about central line train status? (sent from Goregaon Stn.)

from kalyan to kasara ???? (sent from Vasind)

are trains from Thane to CST running properly .??

train time pe chal rahi hai kya?

train status in central line from thane to dadar pls update?? (sent from Titwala)

any water logging issue at Mulund , Sion or Kurla ? (sent from Nilje Stn.)

ट्रेन चालू आहेत का?

what about Thane CST (sent from Kalva)

are the trains on central line delayed ???? (sent from Turbhe)

train run Mumbra to Kurla?

is there any train from dadar towards titwala (sent from Vidyavihar Stn.)

Train status from csmt to thane?

kalyan to Cst traon status?  (sent from Kalyan)

is the train running properly 

train status guys ..from badlapur it's on time ?

any problems after thane towards kalyan? (sent from Thane)

train status ? (sent from Badlapur)

any megablock? updates (sent from Dombivli)

what from neral  (sent from Neral Stn.)

is kurla to dombiwali train is on time????  (sent from Chunabhatti)

thane to vikhroli any status? (sent from Mulund)

Badlapur train on time? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

please tell me what about central line train status  (sent from Mulund Stn.)

does fast trains working from ghatkopar ? (sent from Vidyavihar Stn.)

outer station long distance working or not

what about dombivali 5:27 from dombivali on time??? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

can we move beyond kurla to cst? (sent from Kalyan)

is thane station heavily crowded?

how much delayed 

thane to cst ??? (sent from Rabale)

trains wrking from Dadar to Badlapur? (sent from Matunga Road Stn.)

thane to cst??? (sent from Mankhurd Stn.)

what is the status of karjat trains (sent from Karjat)

how are trains working from dadar to kalyan ? plz reply  (sent from Malad)

what is the status of train to dombivali (sent from Vikhroli)

thane to kanjurmarg??

train status? (sent from Dombivli)

are trains running from Kasara to Dadar? 

ठाणे ‌ते चेन्नई एक्सप्रेस २.३७ मिनिटांची आहे.. मित्रांनो प्लिज अपडेट मिळेल का? (sent from Rabale)

Hello ..ulhasnagar to thane r trains working? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

ye central line ki chat hai bhai western line me check karo (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

how is it from dadar to Vidyavihar (sent from Goregaon Stn.)

what abt todays train schedule? 

what's the status from thane to airoli (sent from Dadar Stn.)

is train working from kurla to mulund?  (sent from Kharghar Stn.)

what's status on khopoli train (sent from Elphinstone Road Stn.)

mega Blocks at mumbra??? (sent from Mumbra)

what about kalyan situation (sent from Vithalwadi)

Dadar stn ke bahar idli wala milega kya abhi? (sent from Kanjur Marg)

what about trains leaving from thane station? Are they on time?

can i catch train from Vikhroli towards Dombivli?? I have my Family along with me... (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)

what r update between vithhalvadi to cst train  (sent from Vithalwadi Stn.)

thane to cstm slow any update? (sent from Thane Stn.)

is train is running towards karjat?

karjat chalu hai kya????

what about Thane to Rabale

what is the problem.  

what happened about the train status (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)

cst to byculla train available? (sent from Masjid Stn.)

is ambernath to kalyan trains running?

kalyan to thane...on time? (sent from Kalyan)

why fast train is so late?? (sent from Thane Stn.)

Dadar se KALYAN train chalu hai? (sent from Goregaon Stn.)

sion station ka kya hal hai? (sent from Currey Road Stn.)

Dadar to kurla train chalu hai kya...? (sent from Parel)

what happened at central rote (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

9.27 dadar fast from thane????  (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)

how about kurla to kalyan? (sent from Govandi Stn.)

rush hau train me? (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

mulund to ghatkopar.. any update? (sent from Mulund)

thane to badlpaur trains chalu aahet ka?

is sion Bridge closed?

is there any water logging?

what about Dadar to Kalyan train status? (sent from Andheri Stn.)

where accident happened  (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)

how much (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

Kalyan to asangaon ???? (sent from Kalyan)

what is a status of fast trains at Dombivali? (sent from Thakurli)

what is the current status? (sent from Andheri)

what is situation from Thane to mulund

karjat CST nikali?? (sent from Neral Stn.)

what news about Dadar foot over bridge crack? (sent from Dadar)

दादर ते कल्याण ट्रेन चालू आहेत काय ?? (sent from Vile Parle)

what abt bombavali and ambernath (sent from Mulund)

train towards kasara working ? (sent from Kalyan)

are trains from Airoli to Thane working? (sent from Airoli Stn.)

where is the fast train? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

is Kalyan train on time ? (sent from Govandi Stn.)

what is status of train at Kurla, Sion and Matunga

Dombivli to dadar train are runing?  (sent from Dombivli)

dadar to Dombivli ka status batao ? (sent from Thakurli)

trains kitne late hain ?

what is status of center line 

is it advised to go to work today?

tereko kaise pata ?? (sent from Mumbra Stn.)

trains for karjat are on time???? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

 Vikhroli to ambernath trains are running or not ? (sent from Vikhroli)

trains on time or lare?

where is 651 thane Badlapur train  (sent from Mumbra Stn.)

status shahad to cst ? (sent from Shahad Stn.)

are trains running properly from thane to ambernath??? (sent from Airoli Stn.)

any problem at kalyan thana rout? (sent from Thane)

is trains towards Dombivali on time ? (sent from Grant Road Stn.)

status of kurla to dombivli?

r train on time from Kalwa???  (sent from Kalva)

what about Sion 

central line working ? (sent from Andheri Stn.)

what is the status of asangaon train pls reply? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

Dadar Sathi train ahe ka?? (sent from Ghatkopar)

badlapur ti thane? (sent from Badlapur)

is there any delay in central line trains??? (sent from Ambernath)

mulund se badlapur k liye train hai? (sent from Mulund)

f train running from kurla ti cst slow?

9.33 cst fast lft frm thane?  (sent from Mulund)

is vik to Dom trains are working  ??

?? (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)

train are on time???? (sent from Kalva)

Cst - thane train update please??? (sent from Masjid Stn.)

raining at kurla? (sent from Panvel Stn.)

whats the status of 9:07 Badlapur Csmt?? (sent from Ambernath)

train are on time or not???  from badlapur (sent from Badlapur)

kalyan to mulund?  (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

9.29 badlapur CST train has arrived or not at badlapur ?. (sent from Badlapur Stn.)

trains towards karjat?  (sent from Badlapur)

hey,are trains working from BYCULLA TO DOWNSIDE ?  (sent from Mumbai Central Stn.)

trains are running in the central line? (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)

what about from Dadar to ambivli (sent from Elphinstone Road)

panvel vasaird train in time?? (sent from Dombivli)

Trains are on time ??????? (sent from Bhandup)

is there a water logging at sion station ? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

what abt badlapur to cst trains? 

trains are late from cst to down??? (sent from Vidyavihar Stn.)

cst to ghatkopar?  (sent from Gtb Nagar Stn.)

what is status of kalwa

nahur to thane ?? (sent from Nahur Stn.)

are trains working in central line? (sent from Andheri)

what about kalyan karjat (sent from Dadar Stn.)

thane ambernath trains are running on time?? (sent from Airoli)

ambernath to cst trains time p h Kya ?

where is 9:51 Asangaon local from thane (sent from Ghansoli Stn.)

sure.. bro..  trains are on time i think .. carry umbrellas with you when you paln to come to parel  (sent from Elphinstone Road Stn.)

Are trains on time towards Kalyan?

is trains towards dombivili available? (sent from Nahur)

is there Meg 

trains are slow but running right? (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

has 7.59 cst train has come? what is the status of thane cst trains

reply (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)

trains time par hai?

what about trains from titwala to thane  (sent from Ambivli Stn.)

are trains operational from kasara?

ia there any water lodgement? (sent from Cst Stn.)

Slow local nikli kya Badlapur se? Right time chal rahi?

trains working from ghatkopar to CST ? (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

is Karjat train left on time from thane? (sent from Kopar Stn.)

what is current status of central line to karjat (sent from Govandi Stn.)

Kalyan stn ke platform no 5 mai TT khada hai kya? (sent from Vithalwadi)

what @ Pune trains ??  (sent from Thakurli)

too rush at thane station now, any issue on central line? (sent from Thane Stn.)

train status nahur to cst? (sent from Nahur Stn.)

Hey guys whether trains r running from Ghatkopar to CSMT? (sent from Titwala)

Mulund to Dadar? (sent from Nahur)

shahad status??? (sent from Belapur Cbd Stn.)

train runNing or not

dadar to thane train running???

local 12.01 karjat to cst late (sent from Mulund Stn.)

ambernath se train chalu hai kya???

are the central line trains running?  (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)

barish chalu he thane se aage..?

what about kurla to nerul (sent from Chembur)

what stuts dadar2 Kurla trians

where is 1.38 cst train (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

kasara to dadar? 

how is CST to thane?? (sent from Charni Road)

what is the reason for trains running so late (sent from Airoli Stn.)

are trains running on time ....due to rain???

central line train are running on time ?  (sent from Churchgate Stn.)

dadar to Thane? (sent from Santa Cruz)

Kalyan to Thane trains working ? (sent from Parel Stn.)

what about cst train from ghatkopar?

trains are running or not??? any update (sent from Vikhroli)

anybody travelling in train?

train not arrived yet??  (sent from Kalyan)

from thane to byculla ? (sent from Koparkhairne Stn.)

train chalu hai Kya?  (sent from Seawood Darave)

are there trains from Ambernath??

what abt Dadar to Badalapur train status? (sent from Parel)

waiting from when at Dombivali stn, there are no fast train coming  (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

what's the status from thane to Ghatkopar.. I live in Vikroli  (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)

is it recommended to travel from Nahur to CST today? (sent from Airoli)

trains chal rahi hai kya? (sent from Dahisar)

9.33 cst fast lft frm thane?  (sent from Mulund Stn.)

mulund to thane? (sent from Mulund Stn.)

are trains operational?

is this true?  (sent from Koparkhairne)

thana vashi chalu hai kya? (sent from Dombivli)

are trains working beyond sion?? (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)

Are trains running between Dadar - Vikhroli??  (sent from Charni Road Stn.)

which college

ambernath fast 8.32 from diva where is it (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)

Any updates on Pune express?? are they working? planning to leave in the afternoon..

r trains running amoothlt?

what is the train status between Dombivali to Kalwa?

Can you read English? if yes, read what others have to say.   (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

please update train time pe hai kyaaaaa??? thana to CST??

Kalyan to thane train status??? (sent from Kalyan)

train running ?

Kitnaa delay h train???  (sent from Ambernath)

karjat CSMT train kaha hai???

Where is the ansangaon fast local (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

thane to ghatkopar is running or not?  (sent from Ghatkopar)

how much minutes will be the trains late?

kasara local. chalu. hai ? (sent from Mulund Stn.)

what is train status from Badlapur to cst??

Dombivli to CST trains running? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

from Cst is trains are available or not

what abt kalyan karjat

Hi! What about the trains from ghatkopar to thane?

Any trains running from Kalyan to cst?

Really? (sent from Badlapur Stn.)

sakalchi sinhagad welet hoti ka ?

ambernath paryant train suralit aahet ka?  (sent from Badlapur)

काय अपडेट आहे ? विद्यविहार शीव कुर्ला सर्व ठीक का? (sent from Bandra)

is central line trains running?  (sent from Santa Cruz)

are trains working properly from Dombivli to Dadar? (Now) (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

what is the status of trains from Ghatkopar to Kalyan 

titvala train status ?

what is train status from Kalyan to CSMT? plz let me know need to go kurla... it's raining crazy. (sent from Shahad)

karjat train aahe ka ? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

what about herbal line (sent from Elphinstone Road Stn.)

THANE to csmt locals working or getting cancelled?  (sent from Mulund)

is there any issue between thane and dadar (sent from Parel Stn.)

good morning. local trein is right time today? (sent from Dombivli)

water logging at Kalwa ? (sent from Juinagar)

are the local trains ontime?? (sent from Vikhroli)

kasara line chalu he kya?

central train late by ??

Will I get a rush traveling from Bhandup to Dadar around 7.00 AM ?

what about down side local. Is on time or not (sent from Bhandup)

Trains moving ahead of Thane?? (sent from Mulund)

what happen  (sent from Tilak Nagar Stn.)

what  is status of hurbal line train (sent from Bhandup)

what is the current situation at thane station to ghatkopar (sent from Panvel)

train status?? (sent from Thane)

m at mumbra.. why trns not moving towards kalyan? (sent from Mumbra Stn.)

what about fast train status (sent from Andheri Stn.)

aretrains on central line working fine??  (sent from Mahim Jn Stn.)

what is the statues of asangao to kalyan train  (sent from Kalyan)

towards kalyan trains chalu hai kya?  (sent from Mulund)

is there any prblm in kasara plz tell (sent from Thane Stn.)

hie is train running or not? (sent from Masjid)

what is the situation towards kalyan from Ghatkopar 

train service between badlapur and kalyan restored? 

is Asangaon to cst train on time or late?

what is the status of  central line trains  (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

ambernath to thane and thane to vashi running properly or not ?

aj ka train status kya hai....??? (sent from Thakurli)

Ghatkopar to badlapur first class rate is how much? (sent from Lower Parel)

when train from Ghansoli to thane is about to start (sent from Ghansoli)

trains for dombivli availble?

ohh where r u bro😯 (sent from Ambivli Stn.)

Pune trains running? (sent from Kurla)

dadar to Karjat train chalu hai kya?  (sent from Chinchpokli Stn.)

?? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

where is 10:32 from domb to csmt (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

Replying to @dedhiadilip @GM_CRly and 6 others

what is the problem near mulund station (sent from Thane Stn.)

can some one ask that Thane station master to at least update what has happened by train announcement inside train?  (sent from Nahur Stn.)

asangaon train arriving titwala?

10:32 fast towards cstm..  Any uodate?  (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

what is status of trains (sent from Shahad)

Dombivali station la koni ahe kai...train late ahet ? (sent from Dombivli)

any update about central line ?

what is train status in central line (sent from Ambernath)

what is status train diva (sent from Diva Jn)

arey gavvale karjat to cst train chalu hai kya? (sent from Vangani Stn.)

is there rain in Mumbai (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

what is the train stuas? 

down side trains Dombivli tak kaise chal re?? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

karjat train status. ? (sent from Bhivpuriroad Stn.)

Aur cst se Kalyan? (sent from Shahad)

I am planning to go to Currey road from Kurla.....are the trains on time? (sent from Kurla Stn.)

Karjat trn ka status PTA hai kya apko? (sent from Badlapur Stn.)

where is megablock in central line

Dombivli side Jane k liye train h kya diva se? (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)

are trains late from Dombivli to C.S.T..?

curry road to thane ?? (sent from Nahur Stn.)

what is the cst- khopoli train status....? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

Is CR on tym? ny mishaps?

ulhas se train chalu hai Kya?? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

trains are in time or not

6.18pm dombivli local frm vikhroli  got stuck any reasons..? 

where is ambernath Badlapur train (sent from Mulund Stn.)

train status from.dombivali to CST all on time ?

what abt trains from titwala (sent from Shahad Stn.)

Karjat to Kalyan  train chalu aheka?

thane to vikroli is running or not ?

so from the updates it seems thane karjat trains are running , right?

which station from 

Royal park ki train hai Kya?😹 (sent from Byculla Stn.)

Are express trains running from CSTM to Pune?  (sent from Matunga Stn.)

train's late hai ya on time hai ? Kalyan se

is there a mega block in central

train at karjat started?

is central line close from Thane?? 

cst to thane trains status? (sent from Dadar Stn.)

is any problem between kalyan titwala (sent from Shahad Stn.)

Ambarnath se trains hai Kya? (sent from Ambernath)

where is 7.57 badlapur thane local

आसनगाव ठाणे लोकल कुठे आहे? (sent from Thakurli Stn.)

what happened (sent from Ghatkopar)

I caught 11:44train from Thane which come at 12:20 to Thane and I am no reaching now at cst (sent from Sandhurst Road Stn.)

thane what's the status?

8.10 from thane khopoli local???

what about Dadar to Amb central line condition  (sent from Dadar Stn.)

Are trains Running from amb to thane?

pani bharne ke karan trains bohat lte he aur kuch cancel.he (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

kya hai yr.. kindly bato officese nikele kya?? @ bhandup (sent from Bhandup Stn.)

what is status of sion matunga (sent from Thane)

what is current status of the local train between ambernath to CST  (sent from Ambernath Stn.)

Good morning dear friends ,can any one tell me status of CST- KASARA subarban locals today ?? Thnks (sent from Dombivli)

what about bus condition from Mira road to thane

1:31 badlapur local??  (sent from Ambernath Stn.)

why (sent from Vidyavihar Stn.)

which train is cancelled (sent from Asangaon)

where is 5:54 train from vitthalwadi (sent from Vithalwadi Stn.)

where is Badlapur fast train (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)

where amberanth fast train later 7:40 dadar

Thane to dombivli status?

are trains from ambernath to Thane working?? (sent from Ambernath Stn.)

dadar to thane on time?  (sent from Kandivali)

water logging at sion station?

asangaon ka train chalu hai kya?  (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)

what is the status from Badlapur to Mumbai (sent from Badlapur)

what is status in masjid to thane (sent from Masjid Stn.)

central line chalu hai kya , thane to kalyan ??? (sent from Thane)

what is the status of 10.17 fast train toword CST from thane station (sent from Thane)

r d trains running or nt?  (sent from Thane)

trains are working properly from kalyan to cst?  (sent from Shahad Stn.)

Thane to Kalyan fast train ka status kya hai? 

kiw yete ashya lokanchi , sarkh tech prshn , trains chalu aahet ka ? chat read kra na  (sent from Dombivli)

karjat train ata kuthe ahe? (sent from Badlapur)

what is the status of trains from Dombivali to csmt

pubg anyone? (sent from Koparkhairne)

which year..:p

Ghatkopar se cst cahlu ha ky? (sent from Vidyavihar)

4.24 pm where 

trains are running? (sent from Koparkhairne)

semi kalyan cstm on time? (sent from Thakurli Stn.)

where is khopoli train ? from vithalwadi station (sent from Vithalwadi Stn.)

Where has the Karjat Fast reached?  (sent from Ambernath Stn.)

any delays in central line?

Vasai to Panvel nikli hai kiya???any one know (sent from Kopar Stn.)

train are on time.,?  are train running..?

CST to thane?

Kasara Varun yenari train late ahet ka? (sent from Shahad)

of what 🙄 (sent from Churchgate Stn.)

just want to know train which leaves Badlapur 8:11am in the morning reached CSMT at 9:32 in which platform (sent from Goregaon Stn.)

are trains running frm thane ahead ?

please don't ask same question read train chat dear (sent from Badlapur Stn.)

is all the train on time  (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

ttl 10:25? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

central line ?? (sent from Ambivli)

are trains running from csmt to Kalyan?? (sent from Churchgate)

thane se Dombivali ke liye?  (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

Kalyan to CST status?

hi what's the status

are trains late and rains fast!?

thane to cst train are running kya ?? (sent from Bhandup)

thane to badlapur train chalu hai kya?  (sent from Thane Stn.)

ghatkopar se thane train chalu hai kya?

kalyan to asangav ?

badlapur to cst trains are available or not

what is the status of ladies special?

hi are trains running between thane and cstm? (sent from thane)

what is status of central railway from thane to dombivali (sent from Thane)

trains from Byculla to Kanjurmarg running or not?  (sent from Byculla Stn.)

slow trains from Thane to cst ? are they running ?

ठाणे बदलापूर ४.०० आली आहे का ???

dadar to thane trains chalrahi hai kya..?  plz tell me..  (sent from Lower Parel)

train are running??from Karjat to csmt

trains are late?? (sent from Shahad)

what's the status of trains now

Kurla to Thane?? Any updates??

ok , how much the bus will take any idea  (sent from Chembur)

what's the status of central line (sent from Thane)

autos from Thane working? (sent from Airoli Stn.)

why every time we central line person suffer due to railway train late issue (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

kurla to thane train update ...? (sent from Chembur)

आज ट्रेन वेळेवर आहेत का? कृपया मला सांगा🙏

what is the status for Thane to Kalyan (sent from Thane)

What is the status of trains from Thane stn? (sent from Kalva)

what's the status at sion and matunga (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

fast Train status from kalyan?? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

are trains working from mulund to cst? (sent from Mulund Stn.)

are trains working? (sent from Kalva Stn.)

any train towards titwala? status plz (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

where is dadar-kalyan semifast? (sent from Thane Stn.)

Hey guys are trains running between Kalyan to Kasara? (sent from Nahur)

Factual position .... I just took 3.53 Kalyan train from current road which came at 4.15 ...Crossed dadar at 4.39... tracks are flooded and due to which trains r late it's raining more n more so it will be more delayed. Will keep updating till I reach kalyan (sent from Matunga Road Stn.)

where is dadar badlapur (sent from Bhandup Stn.)

where is kasara local? (sent from Kasara Stn.)

what is the status of trains from kurla to Thane can somebody please Tell (sent from Chunabhatti)

thane to airoli train chalu hai kya??  (sent from Thane Stn.)

Is there any train for titwala from kalyan (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

9:37 badlapur train on time? (sent from Kalva Stn.)

is it fisible to travel in this heavy rains towards CST ? (sent from Kopar)

trains from cst towards kalyan are working properly? (sent from Ghatkopar)

is there any problem central line?

vidhyavihar to cst train is running on time? (sent from Vidyavihar Stn.)

is there any reason? (sent from Kalva Stn.)

any problem in central line?? (sent from Mulund)

pls go to western line chat (sent from Masjid Stn.)

what is the up trains status between Kalyan and Thane

thane to dadar pani hai kya ? (sent from Thakurli)

where is the titwala 7.07 from ghatkopr

anyone at Mulund ?? (sent from Andheri)

is thane toh kurla trains shut? (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)

situation on Kalyan to Thane ? (sent from Matunga Road)

is the train running  ? on central line?

train Thane to kanjurmarg are running? (sent from Ghansoli Stn.)

what about karjat to Kalyan route..thanks (sent from Rabale)

cst to kalyan train runing ? (sent from Grant Road Stn.)

cst to dadar is working? (sent from Dadar Stn.)

I traveled from Bhandup to Ambarnath now I have reached home. what should I do? (sent from Thane Stn.)

what about frm ambernath to cst? (sent from Ambernath Stn.)

areh kasara varun 6.18 chi local delay aahe ka?

any update for central Kalyan to kurla?

what is status between kalwa to bhandup..?? (sent from Bhandup)

people who have brought lunch please do it in train only ....  (sent from Kalyan)

when will it arrive kalyan

nighali ka train?? (sent from Thane Stn.)

where is karjat fast train from ghatkopar at 11:42 hrs (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

thane to cst trains chalu hai Kya? (sent from Mulund Stn.)

Where is 10.32 CSMT fast train reached  ?? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

what's the current status 

दादर ते अंधेरी चालू आहे का ट्रेन ???? (sent from Kurla Stn.)

thane to CST fast kitne ka Laga hai? 6:27? (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)

what is the train status on central line?  (sent from Nahur)

train chalu aahet ka?

Are trains working from kurla?

any train problem after Kurla???? (sent from Kurla)

are any trains going from cstm to Vikhroli?

2:18 badlapur fast from ghatkopar on time?? 

train from kurla to ghatkopar is working?? (sent from Vashi Stn.)

CST to dombivli status kya hai ? (sent from Chinchpokli Stn.)

why (sent from Nahur Stn.)

thana to kurla fast train available hai kya..?

are trains on time??  (sent from Ghatkopar)

what is status of badlapur to karjat trains  (sent from Badlapur)

is any delay from Dombivali to thane train (sent from Dombivli)

 train to thane...is it on time? (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

is the train moving from virar

Are train on time?

what about raining and water logging?  (sent from Lower Parel)

how is central line going

what about karjat train (sent from Ambernath Stn.)

status of trains from Thane to CST please? (sent from Kalva)

can anybody honestly confirm the status for GHATKOPAR to KARJAT trains ?

hii is the central line working??  (sent from Airoli Stn.)

trains are working? (sent from Vikhroli)

thane to cst proper trains? hai ya nhi (sent from Thane)

status of karjat train. ?? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

where is asngoan local 

Are the trains running from Kurla to Thane??? (sent from Tilak Nagar)

what's status of central railway (sent from Vile Parle)

what is  status from diva to cst (sent from Diva Jn)

koyna ex states ? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

central line ki trains delay horahi hai kya ?

where is 7.32 karjat train (sent from Ambernath Stn.)

Sion m Slow Train Chal rh h ?

what I status of slow train towards ghatkopar from thane (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

can any 1 suggest i want to go kalyan every thng is ok or not ? (sent from Grant Road)

 You Are In Which Train? 10:32?

are trains running properly between dadar and kalyan? (sent from Neral Stn.)

where is karjat train now (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)

why 9.29 Badlapur train stop at kalyan last 25 min (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

aur abhi? (sent from Thane Stn.)

kauni Dom stn la aahat ka kuttli train kiti velet expected aahe pls  (sent from Thakurli)

thane to kalyan/titwala?

कर्जत ट्रेन चालू है क्या ?

what is status badlapur  (sent from Thane)

are trains going towards kasara are on time? (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)

what about slow train towards cstm (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

khopoli CST which STN  (sent from Vithalwadi Stn.)

mumbra se train chal rahi hai kya?? 

 train towards cst on time????   (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)

what is status of train between CST to Kalyan (sent from Churchgate Stn.)

ठाणे बदलापूर चालू आहेत का ?

GHATKOPAR to Kalyan train chalu Hai Kaya? 

slow train status Thane to karjat?  (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

dadar to cst?  (sent from Chembur Stn.)

status on central local trains thane to karat plz? (sent from Airoli Stn.)

Where is Ambernath local reached  (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

Are trains running on time?? 

any update ? (sent from Shahad)

how abt train towards cst

Thane to csmt chalu hai Kay??? (sent from Mulund)

mulund to cst conditions? 

any clue what is the problem. (sent from Kalva)

which platform 16346 of today at TCR 

cst to dombivali chalu h???  (sent from Dahisar Stn.)

is it safe to travel from vikhroli to thane ? (sent from Vikhroli)

slow train thik hua ki nahi? (sent from Vikhroli)

thane train which was stuck at bhandup started now (sent from Bhandup Stn.)

are fast trains from kalyan on time?? (sent from Shahad)

what is issue in Nahur (sent from Nahur Stn.)

clg hai kya bidu?  (sent from Thane Stn.)

trains from thane to karjat status???? (sent from Thane)

is from ambernath to Thane okk? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

what problem is between vithalwadi and kalyan (sent from Kalyan)

Dombivali to CST train running?  (sent from Nilje)

what is the status of trains

what is the train status for khopoli to badlapur (sent from Lowjee)

is fast train on time towards CST?  (sent from Mulund Stn.)

train from kasara to cst are running on time?

are trains running on time?  (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

what abt thana -badlapur @9:32 (sent from Thane)

what's the status about CR (sent from Jogeshwari)

trains perfectly chalu h kya?

train are on time?? (sent from Jogeshwari)

tumhi aata kuthe aahat (sent from Juinagar)

on time ki slow ? (sent from Kopar Stn.)

what's the status of slow trains in Central line? 

is 1:32 cst fast from kalyan on time?

whats train status now?  (sent from Mumbra Stn.)

is that train running late or not?

what is the status of train from ghatkopar to dombivli (sent from Dombivli)

for all those who are dicey about travelling on   central line,  you may leave without any second thought....Trains are running without any issues however there is slight delay which is quite a normal thing for we Mumbaikars (sent from Andheri)

Any delay in central line? (sent from Kopar Stn.)

train status from ambernath to cst please? (sent from Ambernath)

Is the technical problem between Vidyavihar and Kurla solved ? DO TRAINS NOW STOP AT VIDYAVIHAR STATION? (sent from Mulund)

are slow trains running from Thane??

dombivali to thane ?? trains are working properly ? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

are ghatkopar to kalyan trains working ??

what about fast train (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)

what is status from vikhroli to Sion? (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)

is the thane badlapur train on time (sent from Thane)

cst trains are running??  (sent from Diva Jn)

train chalu hai kya kalwa se bhandup tak?? (sent from Kalva)

bhai Ghansoli jaana h trains h kya???? (sent from Jogeshwari)

what about status of ambernath to Kalyan 

are trains on time or any issue there?  (sent from Kopar Stn.)

vidya vihar ya ghatkopar stn k pass pani bhara hai kya ?  (sent from Vidyavihar)

what is status of 7: 13 pm kalyan from dadar???  (sent from Dadar Stn.)

what about central railway

9.00 am thane to cstm fast any update? (sent from Thane)

what is the status of fast train from CST to kalyan  (sent from Marine Lines Stn.)

train chaalu aahet ka??? (sent from Mumbra)

trains are running from Ambernath? are they late? (sent from Ambernath)

thane to badlapur?? 

what about thane to kalyan trains (sent from Thane)

western train r on tym or not ..??

any water logging at ltt?? (sent from Nilje)

what is the issue.at 11pm I am getting in 8.39thane local

where is 8.16 asangaon fast  (sent from Matunga Road Stn.)

ambernath se cst tak trai chalu hai ky ????? (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)

vihalwadi to mulund train chalu ha kya?? (sent from Vithalwadi Stn.)

wht do uh thnk about tomm trns ?? (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)

are the trains late in central line? (sent from Bhandup)

is trains are on time? (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)

are rains working? (sent from Dombivli)

chennai ekmore station from train no. 16127 guruvaiyur ex which plateform

pls update the status of train from Kalyan to thane?

are trains working from CST to Kalyan? (sent from Bhandup)

towards?? (sent from Chembur Stn.)

where is 5.10 karjat train from thane (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

friends is trains are running from ghatkopar to dadar?

where is kasara train now (sent from Asangaon)

is Ghatkopar to Kurla running? (sent from Churchgate)

central train is running ? (sent from Bandra Stn.)

Kalyan to vithalwadi trains are running or not??? (sent from Shahad)

Why trains r running late?? Any updates 

what's d problem between thane and dombivali on slow line

what is this  (sent from Thane Stn.)

any train from kalyan towards badlapur?

any trains towards cst?  (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

what is local train Satatus Kalyan  (sent from Vithalwadi)

what about thane station (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

trains on time from Shahad? (sent from Shahad)

what is issue (sent from Bhandup Stn.)

trains chalu haina par?  (sent from Kopar Stn.)

towards thane status ??

actually what happened  I dont knoq (sent from Bhandup)

from ????

please update on train status ?

status of 8.11 badlapur local from Vikroli? (sent from Vikhroli)

what's the problem in kalyan station  (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

really? (sent from Koparkhairne Stn.)

Train on time?  (sent from Thane)

what is the problem in Titwala Kalyan line?  (sent from Shahad Stn.)

trains are on time today from Kalyan? (sent from Shahad)

WHAT ABOUT ULHASNAGAR TO KALYAN ? (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)

what a rubbish (sent from Byculla Stn.)

train status? 

trains from dombivli ? (sent from Dombivli)

What about up going train from cstm to kalyan (sent from Masjid Stn.)

trains working from vidyavihar ? (sent from Kalyan)

8:50 dadar to cst Kahan he?

cst badlapur train kaha pohchi?  (sent from Dadar Stn.)

diva vasai aagya kya?? (sent from Bhandup Stn.)

on which platform at dadar station, does sevagram express arrives from car?? (sent from Santa Cruz)

are trains working on time from titwala to cst? (sent from Titwala Stn.)

train chal rahe h kya from Kurla to ambernath??

what is the train status from Badlapur to cst (sent from Badlapur)

Train status from kalyan to karjat ? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

 how about trains from thane to cst (sent from Thane)

is there any delay on up slow

is it raining at kalyan?? (sent from Vasai Road Stn.)

trains are late or on time? (sent from Vithalwadi)

what is status of train in kalyan (sent from Vithalwadi Stn.)

by how much time are trains late (sent from Dombivli)

Wer is last karjat train?  (sent from Ambernath Stn.)

what's is the train status badlpur thane (sent from Badlapur)

what's is the status of trains towards Kalyan from Ghatkopar

present situation?? (sent from Elphinstone Road)

Is there water on tracks? (sent from Sandhurst Road)

kalyan to karjat train status ? ( sent from kalyan) (sent from Shahad)

trains towards kasara are running ? (sent from Thakurli Stn.)

kitna late hai ? 

mast hai central ki train.... aap batao.... aap kaise ho...? (sent from Chunabhatti)

can anyone tell train status towards cst? (sent from Kopar Stn.)

vithalwadi to CST chalu ahe ka train..? (sent from Vithalwadi)

whats the status of central railway plz inform anyone on station asap? (sent from Vithalwadi)

hi what's the central line status (sent from Juinagar)

? 

what is central train status ? (sent from Mulund)

train running between ambernath and Kalyan??? (sent from Sanpada Stn.)

what is the status of cst to thane  (sent from Matunga Road Stn.)

water logging at parel? (sent from Ghatkopar)

so will trains be running or they have stopped it? (sent from Chunabhatti Stn.)

trains are running from Mark at??

train towards badlapur is running on time or how much late? (sent from Thane Stn.)

what about Kalwa to Bhandup ?? (sent from Kalva)

where is CST fast train  (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

what is the  train status from ambernath

kurla to Ulanshnagar ? (sent from Kurla)

is there any traffic jam towards Thane station?

is there any problem from Kalyan to cst line...??

mulund to kalyan train status ? (sent from Mulund)

from ambernath ?

kalyan to cst road clear hai kya...? 

trains not moving from ghatkopar?? (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)

are trains on time? from vikhroli

towards ambernath?

what is the condition of Kurla- Sion track. are trains running on time? (sent from Vile Parle Stn.)

what is the current status from Ambernath to Kurla (sent from Ambernath)

आता बुलेट ट्रेन येणार का? नाहीतर रोज लेट ट्रैन आहेच। (sent from Kalyan)

thane to dombivli trains are available or not..??

where is the train now  (sent from Dadar Stn.)

Kopar- Dombivli tracks pe water clogging hai kya ? (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)

where is a 10:25 asangaon from kalyan plss reply

?  (sent from Vidyavihar)

central line train  are running or not?

0837 CST Kalyan live status??  (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

what is status of thane (sent from Thane)

why delayed central line today (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)

thane-cst train status?

what about thane to csmt....? (sent from Thane Stn.)

what about status ghatkopar to dombavli 

how are train between Dadar to Thane

why cetral train running late

from where to where mega block today

hey any update regarding train??? 

rush hai kya bahaut trains me? (sent from Andheri)

train is running between bhandup to thane???  (sent from Kanjur Marg)

is central line trains on time or not? (sent from Badlapur Stn.)

dombivli to dadar trains in time? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

thane cst ?? (sent from Nahur)

are trains working towards Kasara from Kalyan? (sent from Kanjur Marg)

what is the status of trains from Ambarnath to csmt train (sent from Ambernath)

Toh kaise khilayega? 😂 😂  (sent from Dombivli)

what is the status from Badlapur to Thane  (sent from Badlapur)

trains r running towards titwala side????? (sent from Mumbra Stn.)

kasara is on time?? (sent from Dadar Stn.)

please reply whether trains r running from CST to Thane? (sent from Churchgate)

trains chal rhi kya?? sion se (sent from Elphinstone Road Stn.)

where is titwala train (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

should i travel today or not ?? plzz suggest (sent from Shahad)

kurla to thane train running or not

and what about slow trains from dombivali to CSTM

hi what about kanjurmarg to Matlab?

office jana hai ki nai?

thane se dombivli trains kitne late hai??

CSTM to Thane working ? (sent from Byculla Stn.)

what about dadar to Thane train (sent from Goregaon)

where is the ambernath local

this is not time pass chat (sent from Chunabhatti)

what is the status of karjat trains from CSMT (sent from Cst)

is the train running from kopar to cst (sent from Kopar Stn.)

there is water logging in Sion due to which train are moving so much slow between Sion to matunga (sent from Matunga Road Stn.)

any update from Neral to Thane? (sent from Neral Stn.)

what is train situation on Central line (sent from Kalyan)

why train are stop (sent from Tilak Nagar Stn.)

what about after Thane? CST route (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

 ghatkopar to Badlapur??

what is update about karjat train

u from Aon?

but going ahead of sion na?? (sent from Mulund)

is there any problem in Central Railway 

trains running at Central line ??  from kurla?? (sent from Kurla)

11094 mahanagari exp which PLATFROM coming in plz informed me (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

karjat train kuthey ? (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)

Dombivli keliye train hai kya?  (sent from Vile Parle Stn.)

do we have trains for badlapure from thane station ? (sent from Thane Stn.)

kalyan Karjat trains running on time?

what is the status of Badlapur  (sent from Badlapur Stn.)

? (sent from Thane)

thane local train chalrahi hai kya??? (sent from Nahur)

which train is departing from cst right now?  (sent from Masjid Stn.)

what about kasara trains  (sent from Vikhroli)

 what abt slow trains from Ghatkopar towards Thane (sent from Andheri)

are thane trains are running on time ? (sent from Vithalwadi Stn.)

when will train arrive at Dombivli station?? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

what is status of train (sent from Elphinstone Road)

tomorrow afternoon which train is available from Patel to badlapur (sent from Elphinstone Road)

??

trains late h kya?

arey koi kisi higher railway official ko ja ke puchho na aage bhe trains chalenge kya ? (sent from Vikhroli)

ghatkopar to ambernath which status

are trains running for CST? (sent from Vikhroli)

train running on time towrds cstm?? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

thane to titwala is working?? (sent from Titwala)

whats the status of trains from mulund cst?

what is the status of central train (sent from Kanjur Marg)

Dombivali varun trains chalu ahet na? (sent from Kopar)

cst la janari train chalu aahe ka??? (sent from Mumbra)

trains on time ?

trains running late? (sent from Thakurli)

kalwa to Kalyan train status? (sent from Kalva)

sinhgad thane rukti hai Kya? (sent from Ambernath Stn.)

kalyan to kasara train running???? (sent from Mumbra Stn.)

what about cat train from thane 

update? (sent from Kalyan)

any update for trains coming to ghatkopar slow from cst where it is (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

Kalyan to CST trains are running or not

are the trains going to khopoli running ok?? sent from Kurla station.. 

what's the status on Dombivli station?? 

Atleast is Dombivli to Kalyan train travel possible? (sent from Dombivli)

what s the train status from thane to cst

trains are late?

Thane to Dombivali is running??  (sent from Vashi)

what about train status....?

Is there any train issue from Parel towards Thane?  (sent from Elphinstone Road)

Any status on Kalyan Dadar 15 dabba?  (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

what is the status of train from dombivli to titwala (sent from Titwala Stn.)

accident with what ?? (sent from Mulund Stn.)

is anyone coming to Kalyan station? (sent from Kalyan)

 trains are working properly? (sent from Bhandup Stn.)

what about cst to thane? 

are karjat-cst trains running properly? (sent from Vangani)

trains are running??? (sent from Vithalwadi Stn.)

Thane Ka kunjvihar vada-pav chalu hai kya?m (sent from Kalyan)

what's the situation from dadar to khar road ?

is train running from dadar to ambernath ?? (sent from Kurla)

train status in Sion station?  (sent from Gtb Nagar)

what about the Thans-Harbor status..?

for thane ? (sent from Vikhroli)

har baar Sunday ko hi mega block kyun rahe ta h plzzz give me ans???😠😠😡😡 (sent from Kanjur Marg)

trains are running properly ? (sent from Dombivli)

what happened at central line? (sent from Kalyan)

what abt kalva to badlapur (sent from Kalva)

wats the status of Ulhasnagar? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

abhi kaha hai khopoli train?? (sent from Neral Stn.)

ghatkopar to cst what is the status  (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

what about vikhroli to dombivali 

trains are running properly?

are trains going ahead from Kurla to CST?  (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

thane to cst working?

trains are delay by how many minutes 

where is the titvala train (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

ulhasnagar to cst trains chalu hai kya? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

are trains running slow? (sent from Nahur Stn.)

what is the stuts from Kalyan to karjat (sent from Vithalwadi Stn.)

cst to Kalyan or Karjat to kalyan?? (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)

what's the train status @Centeral  (sent from Nahur)

Is there rain in Mumbai?

slow train are on time ?

thane to dadar train ? (sent from Belapur Cbd)

khopoli local ? (sent from Thane Stn.)

slow train status from vikroli? (sent from Kanjur Marg)

Why train stoped after kalwa

what's is the status of c.r local train (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)

train chalu hai kya ?

are trains running? (sent from Kopar)

status?  (sent from Dombivli)

pls update ... thane to cst is on time or not?

ट्रेन चालू आहे का ? ट्रॅक वर पाणी साचले आहे काय?? (sent from Badlapur Stn.)

current status from thane? (sent from Kalva)

what is the status of train from karjat to kalyan (sent from Vangani)

बदलापूरहून गाड्या व्यवस्तीत आहेत का?

can anybody tell what is the status of ambernath train which leave thane station at 1:31 pm

? (sent from Rabale)

why shalimar Ltt Exp late today

ghatkoper to thane train chalu he kya??? (sent from Jogeshwari)

my friend from cst coming by train which is 2 mins late

is the Diva Vasai route working (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

Thane to CST status please? 

r trains to Vashi running on time?

trains are running from badlapur to cst?

kalyan to cst train status??

Ghatkopar to Thane status ? (sent from Andheri)

But guys any reason the trains r late ?? (sent from Thane)

what is the status of thane to kalyan

?????

dadar to thana ?

where is ladies spl? (sent from Mulund Stn.)

trains from Ulhasnagar on time or not?? (sent from Vithalwadi)

Nerul to thane are running or not? (sent from Nerul Stn.)

is train reaching karjat station or being stopped at badlapur? (sent from Dativali)

are trains from Sion to Kurla working on time? (sent from Chunabhatti)

what is the status of 9:39 badlapur 

r traing running from thane to kanjurmarg?  (sent from Ghansoli Stn.)

where did karjat train reach?  (sent from Karjat Stn.)

status of 7:04 fast local for csmt? (sent from Kalva)

main aona 5t bech rha hu 34000 main koi lega?? (sent from Elphinstone Road)

where kasara traun reached? (sent from Mulund Stn.)

is fast train working ? (sent from Dombivli)

what is Train Status in DDAR TO KALYAN? (sent from Mahalakshmi)

where is thane karjat trn now?? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

thane to cst trains on time?

which status Ghatkopar to mumbra

thane to ulhas running ???? (sent from Thane Stn.)

आज सेंट्रल रेल्वेचा मेघा ब्लॉक आहे का ? (sent from Kalva)

what is train status at kalyan?? I want to travel to Ghatkopar..water clogging anywhere??

where is last karjat train

any problem @Badlapur??  (sent from Thane Stn.)

Is there trains between amb to thane

Fast train working? Thane - Dadar (sent from Thane Stn.)

There are 2 Thane starting CST trains shown on m indicator 6:50 am and 7:04 am , but i have never seen these trains .Do they even exist ? Does anyone know about this? 

what the status of train from CST to Kalyan

train status between Ghatkopar-Thane ? (sent from Vidyavihar)

what about the train from amber nath?

भाऊ घाटकोपर  दिवा ट्रेन सुरळीत चालू आहे का? (sent from Ghatkopar)

what about karjat to kalyan trains  (sent from Neral Stn.)

kalyan to cst.. are train running on time???

what Happened at kalva? (sent from Kopar Stn.)

status to thane?? from cst. trains are Oon? (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)

time??? (sent from Titwala Stn.)

what is the train to thane from dadar

locals running ? (sent from Badlapur)

what about Kalwa thane patch (sent from Thakurli Stn.)

is tarin running from Kalyan to cst ?? (sent from Kalyan)

trains are running on time from dombivI to st ? (sent from Dombivli)

train chal rahi hai? (sent from Dombivli)

Karjat to CSMT train running on time?

csmt to sandhurst road chalu aahe?? 

it's titwala train running late?  (sent from Mulund)

mumbra se thane train chalu h kya?

kanjurmarg to diva status?  (sent from Goregaon)

what is problem on kalyan station towards CST line (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

hii !   badlapur to Thane train chalu ahet Ka ???? (sent from Badlapur)

cst To karjat  train chal rahi hai kya??? 

where is Karjat trn? (sent from Badlapur Stn.)

now what position Kalyan to csmts (sent from Dombivli)

train delay ??

trains chal Rahi hai kya??? ya chutti mare??? (sent from Dombivli)

what's the current status (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

Hi Friends What About Train Status From Kalyan to CST.... (sent from Shahad Stn.)

mulund to kurla chalu h?  (sent from Mulund Stn.)

thane to badlapur chalu ahe ka? (sent from Mira Road Stn.)

is there too much rush ??

Adangaon chalu hai Kya? (sent from Cst Stn.)

central ka megablock aaj nahi hai na ? (sent from Kalva)

is the trains on time to thane (sent from Ambivli Stn.)

wat abt down locals status? (sent from Seawood Darave Stn.)

how about rhane

are trains working properly towards  CST? 

where has ladies spcl rchd? (sent from Andheri Stn.)

problem काय आहे ?गाड्या उशिरा का आहेत (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

what's train status in central railway (sent from Dombivli)

12:10 kasara fast is running on time ??? (sent from Thane)

any fast train towards csmt nw??  (sent from Kurla Stn.)

ghatkopar to kasara? (sent from Mumbai Central)

is the central line trains running on time..?? (sent from Andheri)

what is the status of trains to karjat? (sent from Seawood Darave)

are trains working after kalyan??  (sent from Jogeshwari)

what was status of local train from shahad to bandup

what is the status of central railway from vidyavihar to cst (sent from Vidyavihar)

what is status of thane to cst train (sent from Airoli Stn.)

what abt dombivli to vidyavihar (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

are trains running from Thane to CST on central line?

are kasara trains late ? (sent from Vasind Stn.)

is central line working properly towards dadar? (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)

long distance trains running on time?

Train are runing? (sent from Airoli)

ghankopar to Kalyan ?? (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)

what happened at koper please let me know (sent from Kopar)

khopoli to cst fast कहां है? (sent from Thane Stn.)

seats earmarked for senior citizens announcement, whether can be available?

n thane to dom trains on time ? (sent from Koparkhairne Stn.)

from Ghatkopar towards thane ? (sent from Andheri)

Is there trains from thane to dadar??

central railway running on time ? (sent from Belapur Cbd Stn.)

should i go to college or not? (sent from Thane)

what news?

? (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

what is about harbour  (sent from Thakurli)

hi what is the status from shahad anf asangaon (sent from Shahad)

crowd at dombivli???? (sent from Dombivli)

 what about train status from kalyan to thane (sent from Shahad)

What is the position of Today Punjab mail (sent from Vikhroli)

train for cst running ?

Any water logging at Soon Station ? (sent from Chunabhatti)

ghatkopar side train are delay??? (sent from Thane Stn.)

where is dadar kalyan train (sent from Dadar Stn.)

dude send this on Harbour line. this is Central line chat box (sent from Thane Stn.)

is there any train for Pune?? (sent from Thane Stn.)

trains are on time!? 

where 10.40 train from dombivli starting (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

thane to cst trains are running or not please let me know???

kya colleges opn rahenge tomm?? (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)

Is their train bandi??? (sent from Dombivli)

kalyan late hai kya? (sent from Nahur)

what is the Ghatkopar status

is the train running on time? (sent from Airoli)

LET US KNOW CAO EXXPRESS PLATFORM NUMBER? (sent from Jogeshwari Stn.)

what is the status of train from kanjurmarg to titwala (sent from Kanjur Marg)

is it raining heaving in dadar/kurla? (sent from Ambernath)

where is kalyan fast local now? (sent from Dadar Stn.)

dombivali to badlapur working? (sent from Kharghar)

Are  trains  on time..?? (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)

what about to bhayandar local

thane to Karjat 5:48 pm, came or not? (sent from Thane Stn.)

what's the issue (sent from Bhandup Stn.)

what is problem (sent from Mulund Stn.)

why there is no bridge

why problem

kurla station train status??? (sent from Vidyavihar Stn.)

why the trains are stuck nr vithalwadi are they gone get cancelled?  (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

Kasara trains are on time or not

how long are they late??? (sent from Kalva)

where is the 1:53 karjat at a moment  (sent from Thane Stn.)

what about cstm down locals

chinhpokli to thane kya status hai? 

anyone here from kalyan?? at. (sent from Gtb Nagar)

where is CST fast train 7.24 (sent from Shahad Stn.)

trains are running?? (sent from Thane)

where is Karjat train (sent from Badlapur)

wat abt trains??  (sent from Gtb Nagar)

is train working properly? (sent from Ambernath)

what about asangone to cst any one riply (sent from Khadavli)

Thane to Dombivali? (sent from Thane)

train running status?  (sent from Nalla Sopara)

are Cst to Kalyan train working? 

Please mind your language while you are typing in a social media where people are enquiring about the status of transits! (sent from Bhandup)

Whr did 6:33 karjat rchd? (sent from Mulund Stn.)

is there water logging anywhere (sent from Kalyan)

what is the status of Central line train?  (sent from Mahalakshmi Stn.)

what abt dombivli to ghatkoper (sent from Kopar)

guys kalwa mein paani bhaara h Kya? (sent from Dombivli)

trains frm kanjur are on time ?? (sent from Mumbra Stn.)

and from ulhas...are trains there??

Is train working properly  today?  (sent from Kopar)

Are trains running on time?

Sion me track par Paani hai kya?

dom 8:40 train ontime ?? (sent from Kopar Stn.)

what about kasara train it is running (sent from Thane Stn.)

is there water logging issue still there in Sion ??? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

anyone going towards thane? kindly let us know the status (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)

really? (sent from Karjat Stn.)

is train  available  from Dombivli to thane.? 

 where is 7.15 titwala fast from bhandup (sent from Bhandup Stn.)

asangaon to Kasara chalu ahe ka? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

is dadar local from kalyan on time?  (sent from Mulund Stn.)

is there waterlodging in sion? (sent from Dahisar)

what is the status of CR now (sent from Vikhroli)

what is the centrel line status 

ghatkopar to bhandup train chalu hai kyq?? (sent from Bhandup Stn.)

y?  (sent from Kopar Stn.)

what are train statuses from thane to karjat?

Is there any water logging on tracks?

now kalyan to CST??

what's the status of Kurla station? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

are train on time or not?? (sent from Marine Lines)

??

what is the current status of central railway?? (sent from Dadar Stn.)

http://thepocketmoney.online/?userid=10993

bus are running for Thane (cidco) to patni any update ?? (sent from Charni Road)

are the trains running on time?

what is the status of kasara trains (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

central lines train late chal rahi hai kya?

 trains are on time or not

ambernath to thane trains r on time? (sent from Ambernath)

ghatkopar station?? (sent from Bhandup)

what is status of train to asangaon (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

what is the status for badlapur train (sent from Nahur)

what is kasara train status (sent from Titwala)

train on time?

Ghatkopar to Kurla chal Raha hai kya ?? (sent from Vidyavihar Stn.)

Train running timle or not

what is the problem  (sent from Andheri Stn.)

what about towards kalyan ... (sent from Kurla)

3.30 ambernath train cancel ahe ka?( sent form Kanjur stn) (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)

airport saathi kontya station var utraych?

Titwala se Cstm kya position hai. gari chal rahi hai kya? (sent from Titwala)

train chalu ahe ka thane to badlapur? (sent from Airoli Stn.)

what abt fast train (sent from Kalva)

are trains wroking frm cst to thane?? (sent from Cst Stn.)

Diva se cstm Show train chalu hai kya...? 

is it too crowded in Ghatkopar?  (sent from Andheri)

Sion ka Kya status?

trains are running from kasara to Dadar? (sent from Atgan)

What is status of Thane - CSMT line?

? (sent from Jogeshwari)

upcoming down train at vikroliii?? (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)

how is central running (sent from Cst)

is trians working? (sent from Ambernath Stn.)

are the central trains r working?

mumbra to thane? 

where's the csmt bound fast train? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

Thane to Dadar running? (sent from Koparkhairne)

mulund to ghatkopar trains he kya ?

what about ambernath to cst

status between Thane and Ghatkopar?

dear team, i just left the punjab mail express which going to cst now.in the train bogi no S5 near the back side bathroon much more noise.i request to you.plz check what is problem (sent from Dadar Stn.)

is Toy train for Matheran is running or it's closed?? can any one hve idea???  (sent from Chembur)

central local train issue resolved or not ?

Thane to Kasara train chalu ahet ka? .. (sent from Airoli Stn.)

where is karjat train ? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

is dadar to titwala running ? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

central line pe mega block hai kya ?

but what happened??

what's the status of Badlapur trains (sent from Ambernath Stn.)

titwala see CST train chalu Hain kya? (sent from Shahad Stn.)

dadar to thane train status? (sent from Mahim Jn)

train are running  or not..? (sent from Jogeshwari)

kalyan to thane .?? trains available..?? (sent from Shahad)

kurla to kalyan how trains are working (sent from Chunabhatti)

what is a time of cst (sent from Vasind)

kitne minutes se late hai trains?

r the trains working from dadar to badlapur??

are trains running on time?

are trains working on time??? (sent from Thakurli)

train is working or not in central? (sent from Jogeshwari)

train late hai? (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)

train running? (sent from Kanjur Marg)

train from Mumbra ?? running on time ? (sent from Mumbra)

what is the current status? (sent from Belapur Cbd Stn.)

what the hell is wrong with slow line (sent from Kalva Stn.)

kurla to badlapur train status? (sent from Tilak Nagar Stn.)

byculla to kalyan....train running??? (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)

wt about express trains?? mujhe puna jana hai. train late hai kya??

Badlapur to CST train chalu hai kya.? (sent from Badlapur)

what's status  (sent from Titwala)

Kurla to Kalyan any update train on time ? (sent from Santa Cruz Stn.)

anyone in kalyan train halt just before the kalyan station? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

Konse timing ki hai?  (sent from Kalyan)

why Central line is delayed (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)

hello what is status of train (sent from Dombivli)

is there issue on slow track down wea (sent from Mulund)

is there water logging at mulund stn?

train on time or what (sent from Dombivli)

MATLAB only 20 min delay?? (sent from Nahur)

when is Central line mega blocks from (sent from Badlapur)

mumbrawale ko dimag kidr? (sent from Cst Stn.)

what about status Ghatkopar to Badlapur  (sent from Andheri)

A man has come under the train near Sion station thats why slow line is affected, fast line moving on time  (sent from Kings Circle)

dombivli to kanjurmarg trains status plz?? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

Are trains moving after Ghatkopar?? (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)

hello guys , are trains working from Kalyan to Ghatkopar ?  (sent from Kalyan)

where (sent from Tilak Nagar)

badlapur to ghatkopar chalu h Kya ?? (sent from Badlapur)

any updates of trains from thakurli to cst side??? (sent from Thakurli Stn.)

 khopoli se train hai kya kalyan ke??

Is Asangaon Ghatkopar line working smoothly?

what is the train status (sent from Charni Road)

badlapur se train chl rhe h kya?

 are trains running at right time??  (sent from Ambernath)

i have to go to hospital someone serious please say train status to dombivli to ghatkopar ????? 

7.27 Dadar Thane train almost 30 min late, anybody knows the reason ? (sent from Nahur Stn.)

Dadar to thane trains are running?

slow track stuck badly..what happen.. (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)

what is status of fast train (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

what's about csmt to karjat train (sent from Thane Stn.)

are you at mumbra or vashi?

what is the status of Kurla-Sion?  (sent from Thane)

does anyone know what has happened??? (sent from Ambernath)

why slow trains running super late ?

what is current status of train from cst to kalyan.. (sent from Chinchpokli Stn.)

thane to Panvel? (sent from Bhandup)

central line chalu hey kay?  (sent from Parel)

is there is block (sent from Vidyavihar)

where is 2.03 Amberbath slow? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

what is resaon for late (sent from Bhandup Stn.)

is local train between CST to titwala running in time,? (sent from Cst)

trains working from Vikhroli to Dadar? (sent from Vikhroli)

where is karjat train? (sent from Kopar Stn.)

12167 varanasi train is it on time in kalyn? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

trains from Thane to Kalyani are running or not? (sent from Koparkhairne)

i want to reach chembur. can i get a train from Thane to Kurla now? 

why train are late....?  (sent from Thane Stn.)

like minders... ping me who're up for a water rafting adventure sports at Ghodbunder Thane!

what is problem (sent from Badlapur Stn.)

what is the status of train in between thane to cst (sent from Kalva)

what is train status

 what's the status from ulhasnagar?  (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)

bhai Vikroli se train chalo hai kya ?

is there in waterlogging in mulund

what is status of fast train towards cst (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

Train time var thevalya tar kon faltu messages Karel,12:41 asangaon train 13:00 vajala tari platform var yet nahi?????????????????????????

is mlund Dombivli line is clear or delay?  (sent from Karjat Stn.)

Ulhasnagar to thane local Chalu he kya????  (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

Anyone have an idea on the train status from Thane to Dadar?

wat is the status of kasara 9:35 ??  (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

what is status from Kalyan To Thane 

status at Sion station? (sent from Malad Stn.)

 Sion me paani bhara kya? (sent from Sion)

are koi official announcement hai Kya central railway ki taraf se? (sent from Kurla)

thane to badlapur train chalu he?

r u sure? (sent from Dombivli)

Train status from Vikhroli to Thane? 

are trains from CST to Kalyan ontime?

is train working from kasara to cst ???????? (sent from Shahad)

took 2 hours to reach from dadar to mulund, and want to go to thane still don't know when I will reach

wt abt ghatkopar to cst train...?

karjat kalyan train kiti late ahet?

central railway status?

kurla dadar train chalu ahe na? (sent from Seawood Darave Stn.)

train status at kanjur marg  to cst? (sent from Bhandup)

What about trains towards cst  (sent from Vithalwadi)

where is 4. 17 Dadar- Badlapur fast train? (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)

Are trains running from thane to ghatkopar???????? (sent from Kalva)

10.39 cst fast train status? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

what is the problem between kalyan and thakurli (sent from Badlapur)

what happened to karjat fast  ... yar thambali ahe khup velapasun (sent from Nahur Stn.)

what about karjat line status

thane To Kalyan Slow Trains Working?? please Answer

CST to thane??  (sent from Andheri)

what is the status of karjat train?   (sent from Kalyan)

what is the status of kalyan to thane train ? (sent from Vithalwadi)

mujhe bhandup se currey road jana hai main ja sakta hunn ?? (sent from Bhandup)

thane to ghatkopr train running at time or delay? (sent from Koparkhairne)

r trains running on time?

where is 10:11 titwala at kalyan (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

train running from thane to CST ? (sent from Byculla Stn.)

what is d status between thane n ghatkopar

CST to Kalyan train chal rahi he kya? (sent from Chunabhatti)

what the train status now (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

Is everything ok at LTT station?

hi... is train running on time from Karjat towards CSMT?? (sent from Badlapur)

kurla se chalu hai kya train?  (sent from Tilak Nagar)

Are thane-cst up and down slow trains working? (sent from Bhandup Stn.)

any update from Thane?? (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)

ka?? (sent from Mulund Stn.)

mulund to matunga trains running??

what abt badlapur to cst trains? 

what's the status of central line?

where is Karjat train now  (sent from Elphinstone Road Stn.)

thane to vasai trains are running or not ?? 

any updates from kalyan to cst trains?  (sent from Kalyan)

kasara train may hai? 

what is current position thane to CST, please reply any one. (sent from Churchgate)

Any train problem near Lonawala,Khandala...?? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

is slow train working...? 

What is the of Thane to CST  (sent from Mahim Jn)

are trains running from Ambernath? (sent from Ambernath)

status?

Sion station water logged ?

kurla to thane ? (sent from Juinagar)

what is the train situation to Kalyan (sent from Kurla)

what about fast trains from Dombivli to csmt and vice versa? are they on time? if they are delayed then how much time they are delayed?  (sent from Dombivli)

is ladies spl train on time from Kalyan? (sent from Vithalwadi)

what is a status or central train? is it running between kurla and vidyavihar (sent from Belapur Cbd)

6.40 slow Kalyan slow from vikroli  where is it

train is on time kurla to thane? (sent from Sanpada Stn.)

those who planning to leave. status for them. 9:29 am slow local from kalyan just left from kalyan station (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

has train between Kalyan and Titwala started?  (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

towards cst train chalu hai kya???  (sent from Vidyavihar Stn.)

dadar thane chalu ahe ka? (sent from Elphinstone Road Stn.)

what is the situation of down side trains? (sent from Vikhroli)

?? (sent from Shelu Stn.)

cst to thane status?

thane to karjat chalu ahe ka? (sent from Airoli)

what about kurla to thane?

what status from mulund to kalyan (sent from Nahur)

how many minutes late?  (sent from Vikhroli)

what is the status between thane to kalyan

Kalyan 6.45 Fast train is on time? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

is there any train from sion to cst ? (sent from Sion Stn.)

what about dombivli to Vidhyavihar?  (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

where is CST fast (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

what about central line service  (sent from Cst)

does 8.57 fast left from Kalyan? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

what is the issue between bhandup And Thane (sent from Ghansoli)

are trains running??? 

what is the current status of central line

is there Mega Block tomorrow? what time?

You mean even now? Is that a problem? I mean, are the trains stopping there now? (sent from Mulund)

current train status? (sent from Thane)

what is the status between Kanjur to Parel  (sent from Kanjur Marg)

karjat to kalyan train chalu hai kya?  (sent from Neral Stn.)

is there any train now for vikhroli or nearby stations from Thane (sent from Vikhroli)

Is there train available from Thane to Andheri?

ambernath to thane train running status?? 

Dombivli to Titwala line me kuchh prob. he kya..?  (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

how are cst badlapur trains running (sent from Byculla)

is water logged in sion station? (sent from Shahad)

is there any problem yyy Dombivli train had stop between kalwa  (sent from Kalva Stn.)

why (sent from Andheri)

which train timings (sent from Bhandup)

konti train? dombivali? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

R trains working frm kurla to Thane??  (sent from Govandi)

any problem from ghatkopar to Kalyan ?? (sent from Kalyan)

Bhandup se amb train ka Kya status hai? (sent from Bhandup Stn.)

trains on time? (sent from Shahad Stn.)

are trains on time?  (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

WESTARN LAIN ANEY PROBLAM ???  वेश्टन लाईनला काही प्रोब्लम आहे का ???

are trains working ? (sent from Kurla Stn.)

Kalyan ke aage ja rhi h train ya nhi ?? please update (sent from Diva Jn)

kalva to bhandup ka kya status hai?

what is status of train (sent from Dombivli)

barish ho ya dhup train to hamesha late hi rhti hai...so train chalu hai ki nhi.,thats i want to knw?😅 (sent from Ambernath)

CST to thane trains running properly ??

cental line is working or not

r8 time per hai ya late hai ?? (sent from Badlapur)

is there any problem on down route thane to karjat on slow track

up trains to cst ?? (sent from Airoli Stn.)

7:04 aasangav fast from vikroli on time? (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)

people catch CSMT fast train from Dombivali for Thane. Similarly fast train from Thane to get down at Mulund. What to do with such people.  (sent from Thakurli Stn.)

Is't True?

what about 10.27 from badlapur (sent from Badlapur)

sion domb status?? (sent from Sion Stn.)

can please someone tell me ! are train running from thane to ghatkopar ?  (sent from Kalva)

any updates till dadar?? (sent from Chinchpokli Stn.)

what's the update about the train going towards dombivali (sent from Thane Stn.)

is central line working??? 

what is the status of ambernath to thane (sent from Ambernath)

 dombivali to cst ki train. chalu hia kya ??? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

Are Central Railway trains delayed by 20 Minutes but still running or not ? Pls inform. Thanks. (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)

what is the status vikroli to cst?? (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)

what is status central railway  (sent from Charni Road Stn.)

where you going??  (sent from Thakurli)

trains from sion to thane running on time??

what is status of trains from ambernath to dombivali? (sent from Ambernath Stn.)

is train delayed? (sent from Masjid Stn.)

tilaknagar to bandra direct train chalu hai? 

what is the status of Central line  (sent from Titwala)

dadar to charchgate ka status?

what is the status of local train now (sent from Badlapur)

badlapur to csmt trains chalu ahet ka ?? (sent from Badlapur)

where is the fast train which reaches at253 at Mulund CST fast train (sent from Mulund Stn.)

train chalu ahet ka?

Central line ok? (sent from Lower Parel)

where does titwala train reached?

Train status from shahad  to mulund ???

,what is the news about going to Thane side (sent from Tilak Nagar)

cst se train time par hai kyaa ??  (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

what is the train status? 

where is 9.48 Dombivli train? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

what is train status ? ambarnath to CST   (sent from Ambernath)

,???? (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)

kurla to badlapur trains???

what is the status of central line  (sent from Chunabhatti)

?

All trains are on time? (sent from Neral Stn.)

anybody been to atgaon can me if there is any facility to go for bhatsa dam like share auto or bus? (sent from Thane)

kya huwa he.? (sent from Badlapur)

are trains running from cst to thane?  (sent from Rabale)

mahim to cst train is running or not ? (sent from Chunabhatti)

thane chya pude train jate ka??? (sent from Dombivli)

ghatkopar to Vikhroli it took 25 minutes?.. no idea what is the issue.. I m at Vikhroli

where is the local heading towards kurla  (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)

what about elphinston stn to Mumbai central status? (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)

train from thane to kurla?????

what status of 8.11 train from badlapur  (sent from Badlapur)

where is thane train... (sent from Thane Stn.)

9:24 csmt from shahad on time...? (sent from Shahad)

trains are  running?  (sent from Badlapur Stn.)

how much time trains are late today (sent from Shahad)

but why train stop ?  (sent from Kalva)

ghatkopar, kurla, Sion me pani bhara hai kya????  (sent from Kalva Stn.)

why (sent from Kopar)

what about diva to csmt????

what's the status of local trains dombivli to cst (sent from Kopar)

central line train status ?  (sent from Nerul)

hy where is karjat train  (sent from Dombivli)

where is Badlapur 9.23 at kalyan (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

what is position on central railway (sent from Masjid Stn.)

ambernath train chalu h kya??? (sent from Titwala Stn.)

thane to USA trains r running?  (sent from Elphinstone Road Stn.)

kalwa station status pls? 

११:३५ ची अंबरनाथ वरून लोकल गेली का.. ?? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

is it working properly from panvel to thane?

Thane to Dadar Train Status???

what's the status of Train between Kalyan and CST

train status ??

Badlapur to Ghatkopar???? (sent from Badlapur Stn.)

where is karjat-Csmt local now. (Its time at Badlapur is -9.00)  (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)

what about Ghatkopar to Thane?

what is status of train from cstm to badalapur (sent from Lower Parel)

Thane to Dadar?? (sent from Nalla Sopara)

is there any train to karjat (from diva)

From PF 1 Thane CST Locals are cancelled? (sent from Thane)

diva vasai late ? (sent from Thane)

are trains on time?  (sent from Thakurli Stn.)

central line chalu hai ky? kalyan to CST... its Urgent

thane to vikroli is running ?

????

whts the problem in kasara line??local stop near to ambivili (sent from Ambivli)

what is the status of train from kurla to thane (sent from Chunabhatti)

what is the problem between kalwa and mumbra  (sent from Kalva Stn.)

fast trains are damn slowband how can u expect express train :) (sent from Thakurli Stn.)

thane to Dadar??? (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)

ok & what about auto & buses?  (sent from Mumbra Stn.)

pubg? (sent from Sanpada)

what is train status

is dadar to thane train running as per schedule? (sent from Kandivali)

what about status tomorrow mumbra to kanjurmarg (sent from Mumbra)

what about thane to Vashi train???? (sent from Kurla Stn.)

where is khopoli train (8.06am at mulund) (sent from Mulund Stn.)

what status to from Kurla to thane (sent from Chunabhatti)

what c l train status (sent from Rabale)

train running in time for CST?? more rush or normal public on station (sent from Kalyan)

Hello friends, what's the status of sion, Kurla stn (sent from Thakurli)

lets update how was train working

what about fast track  (sent from Shahad)

trains started from Kalyan to BL?? (sent from Ambernath)

does any one knows that 9.13 khopoli train from ghatkopr is how much late or where exactly it is? (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

exactly what happened  (sent from Nahur Stn.)

Trains are running properly from kalyan towards Ambernath?  (sent from Mulund)

asangaon /Kasara down on time? 

cst to kalyan train running on time? (sent from Masjid Stn.)

Is Central Line trains are on time? please reply (sent from Sion Stn.)

what is current status for thane to kalyan (sent from Thane)

is water still logged near dadar station? (sent from Malad)

ulhasnagar to CST train status please?  (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

any update for thane to asangaon? (sent from Koparkhairne)

what is the situation in sion and kurl?

masjid to kurla train chalu he kya? (sent from Masjid Stn.)

cst se Kalyan fast train salu he ?? (sent from Masjid)

is the trains r on time from mulund (sent from Mulund Stn.)

Are there any trains from thane to cstm or dadar?? 

CST to Thane working ? (sent from Churchgate)

from Sion to CST trains are moving ? (sent from Govandi)

Kalyan to cst? 

fast trains are 20-25 mins late where as slow train are 10-15 mins late...so plan your journey accordingly (sent from Mulund)

why train stop before Ghatli par station (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

are trains from thane to dadar running on time? (sent from Ghansoli)

what about kurla to Vikhroli? (sent from Kurla)

are trains on time? (sent from Dadar Stn.)

what about nerul to thane (sent from Nerul)

from kalyan to cst train runnig or not 

bhailog kopar stn ka idli wala hai kya? check krke bataoge kya?

Central line is regular ???? (sent from Kalva)

dombivli to thane trains are on time??? (sent from Dombivli)

what is the status of down local trains on titwala line (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)

all trains regular gai na central ke?  (sent from Nahur)

sir kalva to badlapur train chal rahi hai..? (sent from Kalva)

what is the position from Badlapur ? (sent from Badlapur)

thane to CSMT water logging? late train?

any train left from thane now...? (sent from Mulund)

can you any one tell me do trains are running on time? (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)

train are normal ? (sent from Thane)

byculla to thane ???  any status (sent from Mumbai Central)

where is karjat local (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)

thane to airoli is trains running?  (sent from Thane Stn.)

hii Central line ka train chal raha hai kya ???? (sent from Dombivli)

Thane to Panvel? (sent from Dombivli)

are trains on time ? (sent from Nahur)

is there any reason for that???  (sent from Mulund)

what about kalyan to kasara (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

CST to Mumbra??? (sent from Byculla Stn.)

thana to dom train is late ya stop?

what is problem on fast track will trains move in few minutes or it takes too much time (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

what's is the status for train.. (sent from Thakurli)

cstm to thana train is working?

karjat train?

Thane to cst trains are on time? (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

train is on time? towords kalyan

what abt Dadar to Badlapur  (sent from Santa Cruz Stn.)

सायन ते कुर्ला चालू आहे का ट्रेन्स? (sent from Sion Stn.)

titawala to cst status?  (sent from Titwala Stn.)

karjat train status? (sent from Kalyan)

hi, Any update? (sent from Thakurli Stn.)

Udhy sathi train che Khi updates ahet ka?? (sent from Badlapur)

I don't know what's the matter (sent from Thane Stn.)

are central are on time ? (sent from Vithalwadi Stn.)

wht sts from dombivili to dadar? 

kanjur se sion chalu hai ? (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)

where is 8.53 cst slow.?  (sent from Badlapur Stn.)

thane - kalyan trains are running ? (sent from Juinagar)

what is the situation at Badlapur ? (sent from Badlapur Stn.)

what problem Kalyan stions (sent from Kalyan)

what about dombivli to karjat status?? (sent from Kopar Stn.)

kalyan to cst how to stuts (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

cstm to karjat local chalu aahe ka ?  (sent from Dadar Stn.)

why

how's the condition at Ghatkopar?

what is status between ghatkopar to kanjurmarg

thane to cst working or not?

trains are running time or not??

IS THERE ANY TRAIN BLOCKAGE BETWEEN MULUND &MASJID  (sent from Mulund Stn.)

ambernath to cst...are the trains on time? (sent from Ambernath)

12.35 CST train not come at Dadar what is status? (sent from Dadar Stn.)

Is there water logging in Sion Kurla (sent from Currey Road)

uls ? (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)

what's status of dadar station (sent from Elphinstone Road)

whats the issue , why training running slow} (sent from Bhandup Stn.)

did the 8:18 thane train leave mulund?

today what's central line problem 

is there any train for asan gaon from thane in next half hour (sent from Thane Stn.)

what is the status of train from Dadar to Kalyan  (sent from Khar Road Stn.)

status at kurla stn?

Really???? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

is that anywhere water logging????? (sent from Kopar Stn.)

does trains are running good from Dombivali to Ghatkopar? (sent from Dombivli)

source?

Badlapur to cst is it working???  (sent from Badlapur)

train status between badlapur to vikhroli????  (sent from Badlapur)

what about Kalyan to titwala train status? 

train running from thane?  (sent from Airoli Stn.)

plz check most like chat section (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)

what is the train status from dadar to dombivili?  (sent from Mahalakshmi Stn.)

is dadar to cst train running?PL reply (sent from Byculla Stn.)

So just rumours right? Are trains running to and from Thane? 

Belapur to kurla train running?  (sent from Belapur Cbd)

kurla trains?

how about thane to khopoli its running or not

can anyone tell me that whether trains are running smoothly from thane to cst ? (sent from Thane Stn.)

any idea down fast trns kitna late hai?? (sent from Dadar Stn.)

Mumbai Cst to kalyan train on time??  (sent from Matunga Stn.)

trains are working? (sent from Vadala Road Stn.)

trains from thane to badlapur working? (sent from Nahur)

vashi to thana chalu hai kya? (sent from Vashi Stn.)

what about down trains? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

??? (sent from Kalyan)

why slow train is running on slow track  (sent from Gtb Nagar)

Kurla status? (sent from Mulund)

why to go from roads when u can sprint 😂

Kasara to cst locals running on time or not???

Kalyan to ghatkopar?? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

c s t to kayan train is running ? (sent from Grant Road)

thane- karjat ? (sent from Turbhe Stn.)

what About badlapur (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

Ghatkopar to thane train working? (sent from Ghatkopar)

vikhroli to cmst status? (sent from Vikhroli)

are trains in time? (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)

what status about Mumbra to Nahur (sent from Mumbra Stn.)

water logging at dadar? (sent from Elphinstone Road Stn.)

badlapur to cst trains chalu hai kya?? (sent from Badlapur)

dadar thane ? (sent from Gtb Nagar Stn.)

badlapur up on time? (sent from Badlapur Stn.)

where is Khopoli local 

central lines are working ? (sent from Bhandup)

are trains on time? (sent from Ghatkopar)

Where are you from (sent from Mulund Stn.)

what to reply ? (sent from Khar Road)

which train ur

curry road to kurla trains r working? ? (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)

people here jst ask questions but doesnt bother to update when others need  (sent from Mankhurd)

Dombivli te Ghatkopar chalu ahe ka??? (sent from Thakurli)

what happened train r not moving stop near Bhandup (sent from Bhandup Stn.)

why train are stop before ठाणे  (sent from Mulund)

how about Vikhroli to Thane (sent from Vikhroli)

Dadar -cst ??any updates ?? (sent from Kings Circle)

are trains Running From Ghatkopar To Mulund? (sent from Vile Parle)

spam those who r spreading rumours here (sent from Mulund)

asangaon train status ? (sent from Govandi Stn.)

dadar se 8.31 ambernhat

Dom to Thane are trains running on time? (sent from Thakurli)

what happened at mulund  (sent from Ghatkopar)

what is right then! (sent from Nilje)

where are you

update on Ghatkopar towards CST? (sent from Vidyavihar)

what is the position of CST to Ambernath trains (sent from Masjid Stn.)

from asangaon ??? (sent from Shahad)

are trains running ? I m in kandivali should I start or not ?

where is 5.48 karjat now can anyone tell me 

are trains on time ? (sent from Ambernath)

what about thane to Titwala train

are any tran cancelled due to bridge collapse? (sent from Khopoli Stn.)

guys is it convenient to travel from Vikhroli to Badlapur by trn... or shud i Book OLA?? 

what is the status local train from Kalyan to Dadar? (sent from Vithalwadi)

trains Delay ??? (sent from Byculla)

where it is ???? 

is any train cancel today ? (sent from Andheri)

Karjat local... any update ? (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

vasind to Kalyan ??

titwala to cstm train status please?

what about sion matunga  (sent from Dombivli)

why (sent from Bhandup Stn.)

trains ?? (sent from Vidyavihar Stn.)

Has 10.26 CSMT fast reached kalyan? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

thane to cst trains, are they on time ? (sent from Airoli)

7:40 Dadar to amarnath stetus?  (sent from Kalyan)

is there rain in thane

are the trains late from vithalwadi to karjat? (sent from Vithalwadi)

what is the status of trains in Central line...  (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)

are u sure naa?? (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)

what is train status??? (sent from Dombivli)

सेवाग्राम एक्स्प्रेस ठाणा हून निघाली का?

khopoli fast will come on tomorrow sunday 8.06 am or not? (sent from Mulund)

are Trains working after Ghatkopar??? (sent from Thane)

What about CST up From Vasind  (sent from Vasind Stn.)

is train running between byculla to thane?  (sent from Byculla)

7.53 time pe hai kya..??! (sent from Elphinstone Road Stn.)

what abt CST to thane (sent from Masjid Stn.)

train status from kurla to cst ? (sent from Kurla Stn.)

train status at diva?? (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)

kalwa mei paani bhara hai kyaa??

kasara to cstm train status?? (sent from Atgan)

why Maharashtra Band?????? (sent from Reay Road Stn.)

Badlapur se train chalu hai kya????  (sent from Badlapur Stn.)

Are trains on time towards CST ? (sent from Nerul)

dadar see train running to Kalyan ? (sent from Goregaon)

hello is thane to dombivli trains running on time ??

slow trains nhi h kya??  (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

is the trains are running in central line (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)

what is train status near kalwa (sent from Dombivli)

kalwa to dombivali trains are running or not?  (sent from Kalva)

Kyu sab paisa use karne wale ho?😂😂😂

ghatkopar to mulund running?

Trains running late ? (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)

central trains are ontime???

status of Thane to kalyan??? (sent from Turbhe Stn.)

badlapur to dadar?

are trains running from dombivali to thane? (sent from Nerul Stn.)

why (sent from Airoli)

what is the train status between Dombivli to CST ? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

train working properly or not

vikhroli to cst?  (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)

7 time indicated 1 min left but how long (sent from Thane Stn.)

dombivli see Thane trains chal rahi hai Kya?

are trains working?  (sent from Matunga Road Stn.)

what about diva to dadar (sent from Diva Jn)

what about status train now

what  (sent from Titwala)

what's the status about the train's between Thane to csmt

Are central line trains running on time? (sent from Vile Parle)

what about thane to badlapur local

where is Karjat- CSMT now?? (sent from Badlapur)

what's the status of central line? (sent from Kalyan)

Where's the 4.40 train badlapur at ulhasnagar???

All thane starting trains are cancelled. those who rely on them don't go to station. there is water logged and hardly any trains  (sent from Thane)

any train approaching vidyavihar.. which station  is the train closest towards vidyavihar cst  reached.. (sent from Vidyavihar Stn.)

central line chalu h Kya ??

sorry to ask this. Autos running properly? (sent from Dombivli)

why (sent from Seawood Darave Stn.)

hi what's issue (sent from Bhandup Stn.)

anyone tell what about shahad to CST train status (sent from Ambivli)

are trains running from kalyan to cst ? (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)

is there any problems with trains from thane to Kalyan ?

so trains ain't working?  (sent from Vikhroli)

are trains working in central line?(sent from andheri)

why (sent from Kalva Stn.)

8:25 cstm fast cancelled ?

hi what is the status of trains right now

thane to cst chal raha hai kya bhai help anyone?  (sent from Bhandup)

what's the status on Ghatkopar to Cst trains (sent from Ghatkopar)

train chalu he kya towards karjat side?  (sent from Seawood Darave)

is trains are on time??? (sent from Badlapur)

karjat local train any update? (sent from Malad)

is train running slow today???? 

what is status of local train at Vikhroli station downside

thane to kalyan chalu he ? (sent from Nalla Sopara)

Karjat la jaat ahet ka trains??? (sent from Mulund)

would anyone tell, what exactly problem created with trains (sent from Shahad)

titwala kasara train is on time or not? (sent from Vidyavihar)

what about Thane Ghatkopar (sent from Vashi Stn.)

kurla se panvel train chal rahi hai? (sent from Matunga Road Stn.)

mumbra to cst slow line chalu hai kya?

central line is all ok?

where is train from karjat to CST (sent from Neral Stn.)

Train from Thane to dadar running or not

ghatkopar to Thane trains working ? (sent from Ghatkopar)

is there an issue with central trains

Trains are working from dadar to dombivali???? (sent from Dadar Stn.)

khopoli train? (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

what is the status of kasara train. (sent from Koparkhairne Stn.)

please let me know what is status of trains running berween ambernath to cst (sent from Ambernath Stn.)

what is the train statua (sent from Badlapur)

dadar to kalyan?? (sent from Grant Road Stn.)

again screwed up by Cent. Railway when no rain....no trains since 20-25 min at sion stn (sent from Sion Stn.)

central line from Kurla any train problems? (sent from Kurla Stn.)

train are on timing or not 

Central vidyavihar-csmt chalu? pls help have a friend stuck at vidyavihar school. she is a teacher.  (sent from Seawood Darave Stn.)

where ? (sent from Nilje Stn.)

dadar?  (sent from Jogeshwari Stn.)

whats is status for Asangaon n kasara trains?? (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)

are trains running smoothly from thane to dadar? (sent from Mulund Stn.)

what's the status of kalyan to cst train (sent from Kalyan)

what about central railway

are trains running properly between thane to badlapur?

bhai dombivili mei barish hai kya??

khopoli train 8.01pm is on time or not

bhai kisiko status pata hai?

सेंट्रल लाईन चालू आहे का??? (sent from Reay Road)

it's raining heavily! are trains running properly from dadar to Thane? (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

megablock is there? 

trains are running on time?  (sent from Vithalwadi Stn.)

how much delay in kopar  (sent from Mumbra)

thane to kalyan? (sent from Thane)

oh is it??

can i travel from kanjur to kurla??

what's the status for kurla

thane to karjat train working ??? (sent from Taloja Stn.)

how much delay??

local suru aahe ka? mumbra

Is karjat line clear?

what current status? (sent from Badlapur)

Ulhasnage pasun csmt chalu ahe ka ? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

status of train from karjat?? (sent from Thane Stn.)

where is fast local 1:14 thana to csmt (sent from Mumbra)

titwala to cst train is there or not

what is the status of the train...in central line...

what about slow trains towards Kalyan....anyone there in slow  (sent from Vidyavihar Stn.)

central line ?? (sent from Kalva Stn.)

it's very slow ?? (sent from Rabale Stn.)

what's status from Thane to cst (sent from Borivali Stn.)

is their any mega block on central line??  (sent from Kalyan)

what's the status from Dadar to kalyan root... 

where is thane train 7.03 (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

Ambernath se train time par hai kya ?

what is status of KHOPOLI local (sent from Thane Stn.)

why train is stopped between Airoli and thane

Is Kasara train departed from Ghatkopar? (sent from Thane Stn.)

train r running from Thane to Ambernath? (sent from Thane)

Are the CST trains delayed by 20mins? (sent from Gtb Nagar Stn.)

 vikhroli to ghatkopar train status??

trains running properly? 

Train from badlapur to cst is running or not?? (sent from Badlapur)

are trains are working from Dombivli to Kurla? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

thane to karjat trains chalu ahet ka???? (sent from Thane Stn.)

vinay chi piyush goyal chat nahi padta hoga  (sent from Thane Stn.)

what about train status from cat to thane (sent from Sandhurst Road)

kasara train status? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

is there is train for cst

what about 9:54 fast train from thane to csmt (sent from Thane Stn.)

Update.... Western railway local train virar to Churchgaye runnning on Time..... Central line Karjat / Kasara to CST local are running 10 to 15 min late... Harbour line local are running 10 min late..... Heavy rain falling but no water logging any where... local are running as daily speed (sent from Vangani Stn.)

what's the status of express trains at thane due to megablock at the downside fast line? (sent from Kalva Stn.)

trains from titwala? (sent from Titwala Stn.)

are trains to Badlapur working? (sent from Shahad)

cst? (sent from Vashi)

what the situation for Ambernath train? (sent from Kalyan)

trains are running on time??

kurla airoli trains are running or not? (sent from Khar Road)

is there train from cst to thane running??? (sent from Masjid Stn.)

cstm to kalyan what position (sent from Bhandup)

ulhasanagar to kurla train running???? (sent from Ulhas Nagar)

ghatkoper to cst  what is the status  (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)

nyi....hum sab timepass ke liye chat kar rahe hai (sent from Diva Jn Stn.)

Mulund to sion train are working?  (sent from Nahur)

what is current status between ghatkpa n dadar (sent from Mumbra Stn.)

vidyavihar se cst traun chalu h...? (sent from Vidyavihar)

what about trains towards Ambernath (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

What's the train status for Kalyan-Kasara (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)

what happened b\w mumbra and diva any idea ??? (sent from Mumbra Stn.)

trains shahad se chalu hai? (sent from Shahad)

can we file RTI ? (sent from Kalva Stn.)

Heavy rain in Thane.. what's the status of Thane to CSTM train? are trains running on time?  (sent from Kalva)

what is status at badlapur (sent from Badlapur)

where is asangoan local

is train service normal now?Have to travel to cst (sent from Nahur)

aj batmi wale pan zople ani train chat wale pan zople vatate

titwala se local shuru hai kay? (sent from Titwala Stn.)

Byculla to Thane Chalu ahet ka ? (sent from Byculla Stn.)

is there any problem... for slow trains (sent from Mulund Stn.)

what about status from kàlyan CST slow local

any update?? (sent from Vidyavihar)

where is 11:58 train from dombivali (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

are trains running on time ?? Byculla to Ghatkopar (sent from Cotton Green Stn.)

Is train working from Ghatkopar to badlapur??? (sent from Vikhroli)

are trains working from badlapur?  (sent from Badlapur Stn.)

what about train from DOMBIVLI to cst

train chalu aahe ka? 

How is the trains availablty? (sent from Thakurli)

slow train are not running? (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)

Thane se kalyan train chalu hai kya? (sent from Thane)

train stat from andheri to CST?

up trains ka kya status hai? (sent from Nilje)

are trains on time today? (sent from Nahur)

What is the status for vikhroli station? (sent from Charni Road)

7.19 ghatkopar to kasara time pe hai Kya??  (sent from Andheri)

is any delay from kalyan to cst next train  (sent from Manasarovar)

mumbra se train se chalri kya?

any train arriving on platform 1 thane? (sent from Thane Stn.)

Kalyan local kaha pe he? (sent from Vikhroli Stn.)

what's the train status from ambernath to kurla ??

badlapur tocstm chalu ahe ka???

where is khopoli train 12.44 from Ghatkopar (sent from Ghatkopar Stn.)

🚆 are running on time .??  (sent from Kopar)

thane to kalyan Trains hai kya??? (sent from Kalyan)

are trains running late right now of central line??? (sent from Ambivli)

what abt dadar to kalwa ??

status of train from Ambernath?? (sent from Ambernath)

kasara to kalyan train chalu ahe ka?

are trains working from Thane to Kalyan line??

? (sent from Grant Road Stn.)

what is the status of the trains today???

trains from kalyan to kasara working? (sent from Kalyan)

what about Sion water logging is it still there ?  (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

where is cst_karjat 7.50 train (sent from Badlapur)

Kalyan to Thane ?  (sent from Shahad)

thane to cst?

csmt to thane trains are running or not ? (sent from Cst Stn.)

what about thane vasi (sent from Rabale)

 are train services started from ambernath? (sent from Ambernath)

what is the status about kasara line (sent from Ambernath)

trains are running properly or there is water logging nywhere??? ( sent from shahad stn ) (sent from Shahad)

what about thane vashi (sent from Mulund)

tomorrow's train working?

doctor ke paas le jau? (sent from Thane Stn.)

what about trains for badlapur (sent from Kalyan)

trains towards kalyan are coming?

where have the 7:53 titwala from Dombivli reached? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

what is the status at kurla stn

train status kalyan to Dadar?  (sent from Kalva)

why trains are late any issue (sent from Dombivli)

central line update? 

is CST se Dombivali trains running?

that's is why have given facts and have not given opinion but the question to think (sent from Dombivli)

KARJAT SE KALYAN TAK ROUTE CHALU HE KYA?

status? (sent from Dombivli Stn.)

hello now trains are running?

what about 9.29 train (sent from Badlapur)

any update on 10.55 titwala from thane ?? (sent from Thane Stn.)

are trains running from thane? (sent from Bhiwandi Road)

seriously?? (sent from Vashi Stn.)

kanjur marg to  thane status? (sent from Kanjur Marg)

towards cst what is the condition (sent from Mulund)

trains frm badlapur? (sent from Ambernath Stn.)

what is problem of slow train kalwa and mumbra  (sent from Kalva)

what about vidhyavihar to dombivli? (sent from Vidyavihar Stn.)

andheri trains are working?

how's train sicuation 

trasharbor train samay par chal rahi kya?  (sent from Manasarovar)



Where is Thane train reached ? (sent from Kalyan Stn.)

is there train from thane to cst (sent from Koparkhairne Stn.)

what is status of central line for down side, please respond asap.  thanks  (sent from Ghansoli)

?? (sent from Shahad)

are trains working from thane to cst? (sent from Mulund)

is there water logging on tracks in kurla n Sion? (sent from Manasarovar)

8.11 kurla Kalyan?? (sent from Kanjur Marg Stn.)

if trains didnt exist would this app be as good as whatsapp for travelling ?

towards cst trains are running??? (sent from Thakurli)

घाटकोपर ला पाऊस आहे? (sent from Kalva)

vashi to thane train are running today?? (sent from Vashi Stn.)

Train status between Thane and Dadar ?? (sent from Elphinstone Road)

does 11.18 thane train from mulund stn goes to karshej? (repair & maintenance) (sent from Mulund Stn.)

what about any train from Vitthalwadi to cstm (sent from Vithalwadi)

Train status towards Kanjurmarg??  (sent from Thane Stn.)

Vasai Diva reached at Diva Station??? please update (sent from Rabale)

Dadar se CST train chal rahi he?  (sent from Andheri Stn.)

amabarnath 4.7 nikli kyaa ? (sent from Vithalwadi Stn.)

are trains delay ed today? (sent from Thane Stn.)

trian chalo hai kya???

is there any problem frm kalyan to karjat pl tell (sent from Ulhas Nagar Stn.)

thane to dombivali train aahet ka ? (sent from Panvel Stn.)

are trains running fron kalyan to ghatkopar?? 

what is central railway policr helpline number (sent from Kanjur Marg)

sagale gharich aahat kay (sent from Titwala)

what is the current train status at central line 

what is current status from thana to ghatkoar

what about Thane to Badlapur train?

Kalyan  to badlapur train position ?????

15 or 20 min late? (sent from Vikhroli)

kura to thane ??? (sent from Chunabhatti)

Cst to kalyan chalu  hai  kya?????? (sent from Turbhe)

what is status of train  (sent from Lower Parel Stn.)

still the same problem?

trains are on tym from thane to badlapur? (sent from Airoli Stn.)

how much late??  (sent from Kalyan)

any updates from Dombivali to CST trains?? 

What about CST to Thane (sent from Churchgate Stn.)

badlapur se kalyan chalu h kya? (sent from Kalyan)

thane to cst is ok? 
